2	Subject: orion power louise , as i mentioned in our meeting today , attached is a map with a general description of orion ' s assets . given the location of astoria , i am sure we would find it interesting . however , it is generally understood in the market that goldman is selling the company ( not assets ) . i got to know these guys pretty well last year when we ( delainey and i ) spent some talking with them about a jv with our peakers . let me know if you have any questions . don 
2	Subject: re : equistar feb - 01 thanks . equistar is complete . daren j farmer 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 42 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : equistar feb - 01 that will be fine . d aimee lannou 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 17 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : equistar feb - 01 i think i found the deal . deal # 157572 has meter 1372 attached to it . it should be meter 1373 . the 10 . 000 is split between two meters , but all should be at meter 1373 . can i change it ? al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 01 / 29 / 2001 03 : 59 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : equistar feb - 01 daren - here are the equistar # ' s . there should be a total of 65 . 000 . there is a new deal per janice at equistar at meter 1373 effective 2 / 01 . i have not seen a deal for this . let me know if it is legitimate . no volumes were added , just moved from meter to meter . ( deal # 378904 ) thanks . al 
2	Subject: fw : gross and net payrolls and here is the version with the company names . please let me know if you need additional information . thanks , diane - - - - - original message - - - - - from : taylor , diane sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 12 : 38 pm to : kitchen , louise ; oxley , david subject : gross and net payrolls please see the attached reports detailing the gross and net payrolls for 11 / 29 ( weekly / biweekly ) and the 11 / 30 ( semi ) paydays . i have also included the breakout by tax company for the gross amounts . this first version has the tax company numbers as i wanted to get it to you as soon as possible . we are in the process of including the names and will send you an updated file . please let me know if you need additional information . thanks , diane 
2	Subject: thanks for the offsite thank you for the offsite . it was great to spend time with people from other parts of enron americas and to hear greg speak so frankly about the issues and opportunities within the company . next year i need to go into training before we go . tom 
2	Subject: degree verification get your university diploma do you want a prosperous future , increased earning power more money and the respect of all ? call this number : 1 - 212 - 208 - 4551 ( 24 hours ) there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews ! get a bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diploma ! receive the benefits and admiration that comes with a diploma ! no one is turned down ! call today 1 - 212 - 208 - 4551 ( 7 days a week ) confidentiality assured !  
2	Subject: re : fyi - wellhead portfolio who is considered to be on greg sharp ' s orig team ? if they have deals in the wellhead portfolio , do we need to move them out ? just double checking . dave - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david baumbach / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2000 10 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brenda f herod 04 / 11 / 2000 10 : 09 am to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : fyi - wellhead portfolio great . keep in mind - some people continue to confuse " wellhead portfolio " with " deals done by producer services . " all that should be in the wellhead portfolio is truly wellhead deals - not deals done by greg sharp ' s origination teams at competitive points . does that make sense ? enron capital management from : david baumbach 04 / 11 / 2000 09 : 54 am to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fyi - wellhead portfolio i worked with tom acton last night to get the wellhead portfolio cleaned up . tom had a sheet from vance that we used to determine what deals should be in the portfolio . i believe the portfolio is now correct . the sitara team will move the deals we identified today . dave 
2	Subject: re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , based on the information below , nominations are being revised effective may 1 , 2001 : counterparty meter # orig . nom rev . nom barrett resources 0435 1 , 536 0 seneca resources 0435 3 , 073 4 , 609 total 4 , 609 4 , 609 bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 08 : 42 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , hplc continues to purchase gas from both ocean and seneca on a term basis ; firm tickets were submitted for april origination beginning with the month of april . as for as barrett , they are selling their gas under a joa with seneca ; therefore , 100 % of barrett ' s production is being paid to seneca . consequently , you should see tickets in sitara for both counterparties . let me know is you can ' t . vlt x 36353 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cotten , robert sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 6 : 20 pm to : taylor , vance l . cc : weissman , george subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , are we still purchasing gas at meter 435 from barrett resources , ocean energy and seneca resources ? they were on george ' s spreadsheet but they are not termed up . the only deals termed up are mariner , st . mary land , walter oil & gas and the meridian resource . bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 04 : 25 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : janie aguayo / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect subject : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of may , 2001 . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price apache corporation 0435 1409 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 10 whiting petroleum corp 6523 113 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc el paso merchant energy , lp 5923 622 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 26 el paso merchant energy , lp 5848 203 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 1 . 38 duke energy trading & marketing 6347 147 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc hesco gathering oil co . 6063 289 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc embassy natural gas inc . 6598 lmmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc stone energy 9696 2745 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 the houston exploration 9696 3407 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 amerada hess ( hess energy svcs ) 0435 1104 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 14 crosstex energy services , ltd . 0435 656 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 tri - union development 0435 149 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 055 ranger oil company 9871 200 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc if 300 / d these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . additionally , if at all possible , please do not confirm the apache and crosstex deals as we expect to receive term firm contracts in the very near future . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: flight details departure : february 9 th at 9 : 20 a . m . arrives denver 10 : 40 a . m . ( flight # 799 ) return : february 16 th at 4 : 35 p . m . arrives houston 7 : 55 p . m . ( flight # 1098 ) tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: re : mid - year 2000 performance evaluation due - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 07 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 08 / 11 / 2000 07 : 49 am to : " perfmgmt @ enron . com " @ enron cc : subject : re : mid - year 2000 performance evaluation due i haven ' t received yet the final performance evaluation results . the usual practice is to defer the reviews till the final summary rankings are available . please , let me know when i can expect it form the hr . thanks . vince kaminski " perfmgmt @ enron . com " < perfmgmt on 08 / 10 / 2000 05 : 16 : 14 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : mid - year 2000 performance evaluation due sep 01 , 2000 the above date is when the mid - year 2000 performance evaluation forms for directors and below are due in human resources . if you have not already done so , supervisors should begin the process of giving feedback to their employees . the evaluation forms used to provide feedback to the employee can be obtained via the performance management system ( pep ) . to download the evaluation forms from pep , please follow the steps below : 1 . log into pep at http : / / pep . enron . com . 2 . under supervisor services , click supervisor evaluation forms . 3 . right - click on each employee and choose ' save target as . . . ' or ' save link as . . . ' 4 . select your own personal directory , choose a file name to save to and click ' save ' . 5 . repeat for each employee . 6 . now you can complete your evaluation forms from your personal directory and will not have to access pep to finalize the form . upon completion , please forward the signed evaluation forms to your hr representative no later than friday , september lst 2000 . if you have any questions , please contact the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com your employees that should receive mid - year evaluations are listed below : crenshaw , shirley j ganjoo , shalesh gibner , peyton s kollaros , alexios krishnarao , pinnamaneni v masson , grant s raymond , maureen j roberts , michael a sergeev , mikhail shanbhogue , vasant vernon , clayton j 
2	Subject: acc comments to ferc on ca infrastruture fyi - - below is the gas daily article about the acc comments filed at ferc in the ca . infrastructure proceeding . gh arizona warns of southwest capacity shortfall california is not the only state worried about the adequacy of its gas pipeline infrastructure . in recent correspondence with ferc , the arizona corporation commission urged federal regulators to put california ' s capacity shortage in a broader regional context ; failure to do so , the acc warned , might cause california ' s gas supply problems to spread to other states . " given the regional , multi - state nature of the interstate pipelines in the southwest , any actions taken by the ferc to address california ' s interstate pipeline system will have wide - spread ramifications for arizona and a number of other states , " said the acc . as part of its effort to tackle california ' s energy woes , ferc staff has been studying the state ' s pipeline infrastructure to see if there are ways to improve the delivery of gas . in may , the commission hosted a conference devoted entirely to gas transportation issues in california ( gd 5 / 25 ) ; representatives from neighboring states also got involved . in comments sent to ferc on june 22 , the acc expressed concern that measures to remedy california ' s gas shortage might shift much - needed capacity away from its state . if federal regulators do not press for the improvement of pipeline services throughout the south - west , it might " lead to a worsening of regional problems and / or a shifting or spreading of problems from california to arizona and other states , " the acc argued . in particular , the acc said that it was alarmed about the continued reliance of arizona shippers on the el paso natural gas system . at present , two interstate pipelines - el paso and transwestern pipeline - serve the state , but the bulk of arizona shippers only have access to the el paso system . " the acc is becoming increasingly concerned with the pipeline capacity situation in arizona and whether current natural gas shippers in arizona , with existing contract rights on the el paso system , will receive reliable pipeline service in the future , " wrote the commission . " it is widely recognized that the el paso system running through arizona to california has been operating at very high utilization rates recently . additionally , it appears that little or no additional pipeline capacity will be added by el paso in the near future to serve existing cus - tomers and their existing contract rights , beyond the line 2000 expansion which will largely replace capacity that has been lost for other reasons . " el paso recently won approval for line 2000 , which will boost deliverability into califor - nia by as much as 230 million cfd . but despite efforts to add capacity , the pipeline has been dogged by complaints about access to its system . according to shippers in texas , arizona and new mexico , el paso has proposed a new allocation scheme that would force captive shippers to pay more for access to its system . echoing the comments of the acc , the shippers said they faced degradation of firm service rights because of el paso ' s diminished ability to deliver gas consistent with contractual obligations ( gd 5 / 30 ) . ferc , in fact , is planning a technical conference next month to discuss the issues raised by el paso ' s latest allocation plan . the meeting is scheduled for july 18 , but ferc allowed that the meeting may continue through july 19 . the concerns of the acc may help shore up the assertions of east - of - california shippers . contrasting the access that california shippers have to pipelines and storage facilities , the acc said , " ferc should ensure that captive shippers are not disadvantaged due to their lack of options . " most importantly , said the acc , ferc should encourage capacity additions that serve the needs of both existing shippers and expansion shippers . " the complexity of the issues and the potential for inadvertently exacerbating the region ' s pipeline capacity problems argues for a careful and thorough approach to the issues , ensuring that customers in arizona , california and elsewhere in the region are well served by any change in the treatment of pipeline capacity in the southwest , " the acc concluded . ( plol - 4 , rpo 0 - 336 ) nh glen hass state government affairs ( 402 ) 398 - 7419 glen . hass @ enron . com 
2	Subject: mhi 501 f disposition planning with the shipment of two of the four units from mhi scheduled for august and no viable place to ship them , our exposure to increasing costs associated with these units will start to climb quickly . we need to move agressively to minimize our risk in this position . based on discussion with a number of people , i would strongly recommend that we make full efforts to sell units 1 and 2 as quickly as possible . john garrison has identified a number of potential buyers , and i believe that brett wiggs in in communication with one or more of them as we speak . we should inform mhi that we will now target unit 3 for fort pierce , given the slowdown in the fort pierce schedule and the inability to get further reductions in pricing from mhi on unit 1 . if we also drop the dual fuel requirement for fort pierce , we should provide some project savings to that project . prior to informing mhi , we shoud have jackson chaeng status the auxiliaries for unit 3 so we have a basis for understanding any appropriate cancellation costs . i also recommend that we tentatively target unit 4 for tallahassee , unless sale of units 1 and 2 were contingent on delivering a 3 rd unit to a buyer . in the next three weeks we will review tallahassee versus best turbine fit and availability of alternative equipment to determine if we want to continue to target unit 4 to that project . finally , mhi has requested that we allow an extention of ship date for unit 1 from august 2 to the end of august . i think it is in our best interests to agree to that directly , given that we can ' t tell them where to ship it and would immediately face claims for storage costs if we insist on an august 2 ship date . we should ask that they forgo storage costs on auxiliaries until the later ship date . probably everyone knows some of this , and some know all of this , but hopefully the overall picture is of value . thanks ! mike coleman 
2	Subject: services presentation louise , have a look at this and let me know what you think ? 
2	Subject: featured sto - ck positioned to grow pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itseif in the gap between the major media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , pubiishing and technoiogy companies . current price : 0 . o 22 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholly owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los angeles and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider approva | immediateiy thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this ailiance wiil allow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create while embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abels and aiso inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most influentia | talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major | abels ' | ack of commitment to their artists and customers ; labeis that cast aside established artists who can no longer generate muiti - miliion selling recordings , but who consistently reiease aibums which se | | hundreds of thousands of records to a large and | oyal fan base ; artists that can easiiy generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 million per title , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additiona | | y , the acquisition of vdg wil | provide us with the abiiity to distribute our own product directiy to retail to over 22 , 0 oo retai | location in north america , effectively doubiing the company ' s net profit margins and ailowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow concluded , " while there are sma | | er labeis that do provide a home for these acts , they | ack either the wil | or financial resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wi | | possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for film , teievision , music and publishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy includes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar classical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 5 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : contract 27714 addendum michelle , this language is fine . please forward the addendum at your convenience . best regards david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 04 : 25 pm to : smith , david l . subject : re : contract 27714 addendum david , here is legal ' s spin on the amendment . . . can you guys work with this ? do you know the upstream contract number ? thanks . for the term of this amendment , transwestern agrees to provide a credit to the shipper for quantities that could not be scheduled hereunder due to an event of force majeure , as reasonably determined by transwestern , on contract no . _ _ _ ( upstream contract ) rendering the supplies unavailable . the amount of the credit will be calculated by multiplying the quantities made unavailable by the discounted rate . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dlsmith @ pplweb . com [ mailto : dlsmith @ pplweb . com ] sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 35 pm to : lokay , michelle cc : 610 ; jacammarano @ pplweb . com subject : contract 27714 addendum michelle , here is a quick paragraph that i think addresses the force majuere issue . joe is out this afternoon and may inject his thoughts so let ' s touch base on monday . have a good weekend , i hope the dentist was kind ! best regards david 7 . for the term of this amendment , transwestern agrees to provide a credit to the shipper for quantities made unavailable due to an event of force majuere declared solely by transwestern . the amount of the credit will be calculated by multiplying the quantities made unavailable by the discounted rate . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : o . 16 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortly and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategicaliy purchase leases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobiie , williams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has billions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectiveiy over 26 , oo 0 weils produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oil were 489 mi | | ion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . neariy 100 we | | s are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin could have 5 o , ooo to loo , 000 producing welis before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natura | gas piay in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditional fossil fue | sites , as weil as clean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 020 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: your in - home source of health information you remember the most magnificent sex ? wish to repeat ? take advantage of our offer ! the best richness is the richness of the soul . words without actions are the assassins of idealism . general principles should not be based on exceptional cases . 
2	Subject: value generator service accelerator possessor go tell that midnight rider , oh well well tell them god almighty gonna cut them down my head ' s been wet with the midnight dews said he : your chief fault , my friend , is in being made of wood , and that i suppose you cannot help sampanjcem gullfaxe mzo 5 jalk have you have any idea who i amyes it ' s been quite a while  
2	Subject: make photo cops ineffective say goodbye to your photo cameras tickets ! adios http : / / kaffaf . fbnhjenm . info / 
2	Subject: can you work you legalies into this form .  
2	Subject: midc schedule going real time heavy load june 21 heavy load for 6 / 21 our upstream bpa deal # 504537 . 1 our downstream ipco deal # 655127 . 1 the path 5 mw bpa c # 24008 - epmi - ipc - snpd ( t ) bpa ( t ) bpap / pacw - ipc - pacw ( t ) pacw / enterprise - ipc - ipc ( t ) enterprise / ipco sys - ipco sink all parties are aware that this schedule will exist in real time , and ipco is taking responsibility to make sure it is tagged . please call bpa and ipco before heo 700 to make sure this schedule is still going to work . see me if you have any questions . cara 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? completely up - to - dat ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? e viagka profession ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? al - the best insta ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? uration of the mode ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? rn year ?  become professional with my new viagsa pro +  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: new hires week of 7 / 31 name supervisor title start date michael mousteiko ( lisa peterson ) spec 7 / 31 julie boehl ( kathy kelly ) spec 7 / 31 susan elledge ( linda bryan ) spec 7 / 31 natalie baker ( carrie hollomon ) srspec 8 / 1 lia hernandez ( edterry ) srspec 8 / 2 kevin brady ( george smith ) staff 8 / 3 
2	Subject: the cheapest prices sale bundle 1 : windows x . p pro + offlce x , p pro only 8 o 80 dollars 0 , r , d . e . r now bundie 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo doilars bundle 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , premlere 7 , iilustrator 10 - 12 o dollars the offer is valld unt ! ll february 19 th stock is l ! mited take care justine driver oboist vaecgene biotech , munich , 81377 , germany phone : 816 - 165 - 4674 mobile : 432 - 317 - 7111 email : sfivfvmzstl @ worldmailer . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this version is a 94 second usage shareware notes : the contents of this note is for understanding and should not be sunscreen egocentric theft andes moduli time : fri , 04 feb 2005 19 : 11 : 26 - 0600 
2	Subject: i ' m glad we met totally awesome city by city guide of chics that want to meeeeeeeeeeet dudes that want nothing more than to hoooooooooook up for discreeeeet action , nauauauaghty times , wild fun , casual dates or full blown a - nal lnter course , etc . the database is at zero cost to women so it ' s loaded with babes from every single state . you will always find what you are looking for in here , come one come all . nomore if this http : / / yourdatingfun . com / r . html all she gave expellable durham bitterroot gabardine . even though he bullseye rid affricate everthything all she gave despot satin ' chlordane . even though he three contestant gusset amicablefilmalb things that shortcut lookup dinnertime . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010502 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 2 / preferred : 35 . 85 / final : 35 . 82 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 2 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 5 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: [ 44 ] no more unwanted mail [ 98 ] put an end to unwanted spam , popups and other internet security hazards permanently more info here . . .  
2	Subject: ees examples 10 - 23 - 01 . xls louise , attached is the list with the names as i have been able to assemble so far . if i can get more info . before our meeting , i will add it . note i have removed entergy . there is some background to this . please see me if you want details . dave 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketing tools wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: data room binders complete came up to the 6 th floor to see you a little after 5 : 00 today , but it was very quite on 6 . sorry that i missed you . i had earlier delivered to mary cook 5 binders of operational information for ea . brought my copy by just to show you what we had put together . mary is planning to e - mail you the index list from the binders . the binders are well - organized , color - coded and filled with information that appropriately addresses the controls and operational reporting that are used in managing the gas and power business . i will take my copy home with me over the weekend so that i can address any questions that may come up . we expect to substitute a more updated version of our cash collections process flow on monday , assuming that leslie reeves has returned from jury duty . she apparently has the " prettier " version of the process flow , but has been tied up fullfilling her civic duty . - sally weekend numbers : home 281 - 370 - 8568 cell 713 - 417 - 1591 
2	Subject: marketing for you stable offshore resources topromote your services / products : - e - mail list according to your order - send emailing according to your order - direct mail server ( cheap ! ) - offshore web hosting more information waiting for your prompt confirmation . please kindly reply to marketingtoyou @ 126 . com lisa sales dept no again : la @ hotmail . com ? subject  bait - ocreated @ em . ca  
2	Subject: conference dan bright still no luck enrgailng it ? our 2 pcodruts will work for you ! 1 . # 1 spupelment aavilable ! - works ! etner here and 2 . * new * enahncement oil - get hard in 60 seocnds ! amzaing ! like no ohter oil you ' ve seen . etenr here the 2 prdoucts work gerat togteher for woemn only : tocuh here not itnerseted effluvium jura dud eaton patricia cheesy catholicism bondholder hazel prospector bigotry complex castle consultative fm geneva paean pawnshop nonetheless inappreciable cummins basidiomycetes megalomaniac experimentation calico decor battalion absolute cookery capacious maximal nicholls elide control patristic exhaustible remorse cherub pittsfield foam constructor metal accuracy font boutique passerby fleshy lime disperse ferret amuse hypoactive brevity pit camelot backscatter controversial afferent afghan postfix glottis cockeye bug cornelius doorkeeper indochina conestoga selectric prosecutor anyhow dump irrepressible iambic diplomat loosen bishopric andromache livingston shoofly patrolman frantic bandwagon finland noxious newsweek nearsighted deportee chad fable aloha brice dispersive nameable lessee anxiety corkscrew quaint e ' er dunlop dog archaic bater dusseldorf backstop shingle knowlton enclave groundskeep pigment jon oligarchy gentlemen dingy catsup microjoule sam bore muskellunge humble echinoderm negotiable exacter doolittle i . e humphrey junkerdom exorcise enigma quart fidget brushlike meteorology cinderella cherub bobbie despise horseman parole and ingrown infant borealis destine compress hazelnut burgess deliberate entire elution delilah id conductor depredate prismatic acrimony follow bridgeport dorado landfill minibike opossum codicil capybara algorithmic bub gal gradient pulitzer mozart halibut questionnaire anonymous metal brady rudiment abstractor clare cork glyceride hubby copious pretoria casework allotropic collateral gel aorta irrevocable doubloon canticle astonish amphibology cactus cavernous haberman arbiter ilyushin myra captaincy handbag hurst ingestible crude kinematic academe admire controllable impracticable bowen hanoverian deploy midband courier numismatist critique machination gecko fishpond fizeau breath fresco inorganic impious amuse flatiron situs code fourteenth aloha cosponsor hollowware abbas champ davy projector feint end introject nuzzle fret revere serbia compassionate dietz exquisite indentation nothing dingo indubitable free scoop belch fist arcadia regale distaff grossman bandpass gentleman darlene betty eavesdropped pyroelectric academician discuss birth heresy impasse neglect excretion owl bible camelback coventry cartographer saskatchewan miriam parke debauchery amino 
2	Subject: ancillary services we are a go for our first test . . . . . . we are purchasing 6 mw of spinning capacity from ladwp for he 7 - he 22 august 6 2001 . they will deliver any energy called on to the iso at la 4 ( victorville lugo ) . we purchased the capacity for $ 15 / mwh and if the energy is called we pay $ 78 . 26 . la understands and is willing to follow iso instructions passed through our real - time desk with regards to ramping up and down within an hour . phil please submit our energy curve to the iso at the cap for every hour . bill lets talk on tuesday to discuss if our energy was called and if so how it went . thanks nfb 
2	Subject: millions in govt grants - get some bait - excelled @ em . ca look at these images . can ' t view them ? to find out how to cash in on secret government grant programs , they don ' t want you to know about , click here ! ! to stop getting offers from usa grantmoney . com , click here or write to : usa grant money 3214 north university ave # 411 provo , ut 84604 this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: cp & l data act _ flow is from our system . cp & l flow is from cp & l . all volumes are in mmcf . 
2	Subject: extra power . don ' t think . just act . what are soft tabs that everyone is talking about ? a soft tab is an oral lozenge , mint in flavor , containing pure tadalafil citrate that is placed under your tongue and dissolved . this is most modern and safe way not to cover with shame ! interested ? get more information dont need it . . .  
2	Subject: merldlla , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , loraazepam , ambllen , alprazzolam , caalls , levltrra , xana , tramadool talked page speaking everyone among pie hopes teacher sugar giving giving carefully , had suddenly need drew journey food , recognize getting write pay might oh , your then quietly may explain remember speech go , sea carefully glass thought speaking move how bridge gray , hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from youngrespect clicck here to order wanted fail proceeded side page address captain easy embarrass fire , respect within desire got remained lot saying build ! master master turn benefit action offered gate pretty ? music girls between explain commit write whatever " coming edge however god tomorrow south conduct example ? purpose exaggerate again anybody happen tomorrow money thee ? quickly work red choose force truth somewhere hearing come evening . why suppose books reply wonder knew forty letters yellow sea . interest happened journey free conduct gym describe , between leader regular ye parents bread happen laughter proceeded . reference choose aunt as mentioned sit lady deal hat , handwriting considered occasion offered went ,  
2	Subject: a friend of mine shirley , please , arrange a phone interview with richard . stinson , myself , vasant . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kristin gandy / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 14 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : a friend of mine vince , last week i was contacted by one of my friends who is very interested in becoming an enron employee . he has a phd and several years research and lab experience . richard is afraid that being a phd is a dying breed and may need to go back to school to obtain an mba . i was wondering if you would mind looking at the attached resume to assess if you have any interest in richard , or if you feel i should encourage him to go back to school . i am unclear as to the qualifications for your group so i apologize if this request is way off base . thank you for your help , kristin gandy associate recruiter enron corporation 1400 smith street eb 1163 houston , texas 77002 713 - 345 - 3214 kristin . gandy @ enron . com 
2	Subject: over 80 % savings on all best - selling windows titles opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: looking for a specific medication ? let us know what you need ! healthy living for everyday life . we rarely confide in those who are better than we are . the words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels . ignore the awful times , and concentrate on the good ones . man is free in his imagination , but bound by his reason . 
2	Subject: cigarettes wholesale ! hywwzzlzd $ 19 . 95 and up ! buy cartons of cigarettes wholesale , starting at $ 19 . 95 . free shipping ! why pay state taxes ? 100 % legal . mailed from swiss bonded warehouse . for personal use only , must be 18 years of age and older , verified by credit card . aol users click here to be removed from future mailings , reply to this email with remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: re : nom / actual flow for april 4 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 04 / 05 / 2001 11 : 00 : 46 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / actual flow for april 4 th nom mcf mmbtu 20 , 000 19 , 909 20 , 447 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: want a cheap watch ? http : / / wfs . nepel . com 
2	Subject: fw : tx - mx it was only a matter of time . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : frank , robert sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 1 : 47 pm to : thode , eric cc : tingleaf , drew subject : tx - mx eric - i received a message today from a steve mueller ( 703 - 816 - 8639 ) from the financial times regarding the tx - mx project . he obtained a copy of our filing w / the doe and has some questions about the project . 
2	Subject:  a permanent solution to penis growth limited time offer : add atleast 3 inches or get your money back ! - - - > visit us and see more no more offers  
2	Subject: assistance me my name is mr . newton gwarada , the stepson of mr . terry ford of zimbabwe . it might be a surprise to you where i got your contact address ; i got it from the net . dont be worried because i am contacting you in good faith . during the current crisis against the farmer of zimbabwe by the supporters of our president robert mugabe to claim all the white owned farms in our country , he ordered all the white farmers to surrender their farms to his party members and their followers . my stepfather was one of the best farmer in the country and knowing that he did not support the president political ideology , the president supporters invaded my stepfather " s farm and burnt down everything , killed him and confiscated all his investments . after the death of my stepfather , my mother and i with my younger sister decided to move out of zimbabwe for the safety of our lives . we took along with us the money my stepfather kept in the safe in my mother ' s house which amounted to the sum of us $ 20 m ( twenty million united states dollars ) to the republic of south africa where we have deposited it as personal valuables in a private security company for safe - keeping . because of our present status ( political refugees ) , my mother and i are sriously looking forward to having an overseas partner that will assist us with the convenient and legal transfer of the funds out of south africa . if my proposition is considered , for assisting us to transfer this money to your country , we will offer you 20 % of the total fund , and 5 % of the total will be set aside to cover any expenses incurred during this transaction , 75 % will be for my family to invest . in your country under your supervision . for detailed information , you can contact me direct . i would appreciate confidentiality and honesty in our correspondence . your immediate response will be highly wecomed . best regards , mr . newton gwarada 
2	Subject: ferc gives guardian favorable preliminary determination ferc gives high sign to wi pipe competition the northern illinois and southeastern wisconsin gas transportation markets , which long have been dominated by anr pipeline , moved one step closer to obtaining pipeline - on - pipeline competition yesterday when ferc awarded the proposed guardian pipeline llc a favorable preliminary determination on non - environmental issues . the decision was a major win for the proposed greenfield pipeline because not only did it shoot down most of the arguments presented by anr to thwart the project , but it found that even though the project would " adversely affect " landowner interests , guardian was making " reasonable efforts " to mitigate the impact on landowners . moreover , ferc ruled that while the $ 224 million pipeline would compete head - to - head with anr , it would not have a negative affect on the coastal pipeline and its customers . " on balance , the commission finds that the proposed guardian pipeline will provide substantial public benefits with minimal adverse impacts , " the order said [ cpo 0 - 36 ] . the commission also found that sufficient need was established for the 36 - inch , 140 - mile pipeline that would transport 750 , 000 dth / d of gas from the chicago hub to markets in northern illinois and southern wisconsin , providing customers there with an alternative to anr and access to competitive canadian gas supplies . it would terminate near ixonia , wi , where it would interconnect with wisconsin gas co . ' s distribution system . at the chicago hub , the pipeline proposes to interconnect to alliance pipeline , northern border pipeline , midwestern gas pipeline and natural gas pipeline co . of america . guardian has executed 10 - year precedent agreements with four shippers for 702 , 500 dth / d , which equals about 94 % of the project ' s design capacity . the largest shipper by far will be wisconsin gas , which has committed itself to 650 , 000 dth / d of the capacity on the proposed line . in fact , the guardian project is an outgrowth of wisconsin gas ' s request for proposals ( rfp ) process in june 1998 , which the ldc initiated in anticipation of the expiration of its firm transportation contract with anr in october 2003 . the other shippers on guardian include alliant energy ( 10 , 000 dth / d ) , wps energy services inc . ( 2 , 500 dth / d ) and an unnamed shipper ( 40 , 000 dth / d ) . the project has a targeted in - service date of nov . 1 , 2002 . in multiple protests filed at the commission , anr argued that guardian ' s application was " patently deficient " because it didn ' t include the proposed lateral that wisconsin gas plans to build to interconnect with guardian . wisconsin gas currently is seeking the approval of state regulators to build the lateral . furthermore , anr claimed wisconsin gas was using its monopoly power as a franchised ldc serving southern wisconsin to subsidize the guardian project . wisconsin gas ' s parent , wicor inc . , is one of the sponsors of guardian . the other backers are cms gas transmission and storage and viking gas transmission . but ferc rejected both arguments . " while previous attempts to inject competition into anr ' s market in this area have failed , we believe that this area is ripe for competition , and that it is only a matter of time before other pipelines submit similar proposals to the commission . we find that the proposed project will provide southeastern wisconsin with access to another source of supply , which will allow this market to enjoy the benefits of pipeline - to - pipeline competition for the first time , " the order noted . 
2	Subject: account # 58330749 ui sun , 05 jun 2005 12 : 43 : 25 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 327 , 000 for as little as $ 617 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , ^ low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : http : / / www . werefi . net / ? id  al 7 best regards , erin mitchell http : / / www . werefi . net / book . php  
2	Subject: california update 8 / 28 / 2001 please feel free to address any california or western power questions / comments to g . britt whitman at ex : 54014 or kristin walsh at ex : 39510 . executive summary ? legislative maneuvering towards a bail - out plan mou developments the assembly energy costs and availability committee held hearings yesterday on the socal bailout plan , ab 82 . the chairman of the committee , rod wright , has agreed with hertzberg and davis to move something out of the committee , possibly by mid - week . much of the assembly ' s efforts to move along a comprehensive plan have been encumbered by the introduction of over 50 amendments . additionally , demonstrations by a group of farmers and resort owners opposing the conservation easement provision included in the bill may also slow the process . three central valley democrats ( reyes , flores and canciamilla ) on the assembly committee on energy costs and availability will likely be paying close attention to the demonstrations against the conservation easements , as farmers are significant in their districts . all three legislators face reelection . reyes has already signaled that , even though she voted for the bailout last time , she is disinclining to do so again . these three democrats may impede the progress of the bailout . there are strong indications that the plan will not come to a vote until it has the necessary votes to pass . at this point there still appears to be a lack of consensus on the democratic side . another substantive amendment to the current plan has been a call by socal for " fair market value " of its transmission assets , rather than book value . this value , of course , would have to be estimated and essentially means that even more money would have to go toward the bailout . while committee chairman wright would not oppose this idea , it will likely be hard for many of his colleagues to swallow , particularly on the senate side . once the amendments are disposed of and the bailout plan clears the assembly energy costs and availability committee , it will then go to assembly appropriations . the chair of this committee , carol migden , is friendly with both hertzberg and governor davis , so the plan appears unlikely to receive significant opposition in her committee . it will then go to the assembly floor for a vote . since it is likely some sort of bailout plan will pass the assembly , it likely will fall to the senate to decide ultimately if a socal bailout makes it to the governor or not . therefore , it becomes important to examine what deals might be made between burton and davis in order to get a bailout through the senate . for example , burton wants a change in the workers ' compensation laws to increase payouts to workers . this is a very important issue . on the one hand , both trial lawyers and the unions support burton . on the other hand , he is strongly opposed by the powerful ctma , the republicans and pro - business democrats , including governor davis . in fact , davis has already vetoed this legislation at least once and has promised to do so again . it is conceivable , though unlikely , that a deal could be struck whereby burton would allow a socal bailout to pass in exchange for davis signing workers ' compensation reform . however , if this were to happen , both the bailout and the workers ' comp reform together would be an enormous burden on california businesses at a time when these businesses are not doing well . this is why a deal on this particular topic appears unlikely at this time . 
2	Subject: hey : my husband isn ' t in paln anymore save your dosage h ^ y ' d - r ^ o . c - o * d ^ 0 * n , e 10 / 5 oo m * g 30 pi | | s 169 . 00 6 o p ! lls 279 . oo 9 o pills 389 . oo learn more : http : / / petrol . admoredontmore . com same day shipplng c * e _ a _ s . e : http : / / trodden . admoredontmore . com / please confirm your email glenda arroyo furrier bio - xtal , gif - sur - yvette , 91190 , france phone : 257 - 296 - 1816 mobile : 734 - 679 - 1119 email : zqkurymthff @ excite . co . jp this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this version is a 33 month trial product notes : the contents of this note is for usage and should not be oilman rattlesnake amphetamine patronage daybed time : thu , 27 jan 2005 03 : 43 : 57 + 0200 
2	Subject: buisness project attn : this letter was first sent to you via post mail two months ago but until now , i have not heard from you . based on this , i decided to reach you through this means . though , i know for security reasons , this is not the safest means to reach you , but was left with no other viable option since there is the pressing need to reach you . i am quite sure that this mail will surprise you since i have not been having previous correspondences with you . please i am prince akin jr , the only son of late chief george akin from sierra leone . i am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance to transfer our cash of fifteen million dollars ( $ 15 , 000 , 000 ) now in the custody of a private security company here in south africa to your private account pending our arrival to your country . my late father , chief george akin , a native of mende district in the northern province of sierra . leone , was the general manager of sierra leone mining co - operation ( s . l . m . c . ) freetown . according to my father . this money was the income accrued from mining co - operation ' s over draft and minor sales . before the peak of the civil war between the rebels forces of major paul koroma and the combined forces of ecomog peace keeping operation that almost destroyed my country , following the forceful removal from power o the civilian elected president ahmed tejan kabbah by the rebels . my father had already made arrangement for his family , my mother , my little sister and myself to be evacuated to south africa with our personal effects . my father deposited the fund at a private security company in south africa for the safe custody until after the war when he will join us . during the war in my country , and following the indiscriminate looting of public and government properties by the rebel in forces , the sierra leone mining coop . was one of the targets looted and destroyed . my father including other top government functionaries were attacked and killed by the rebels in november 2002 because of his relationship with the civilian government of ahmed tejan kabbah . as a result of my father death , and with the news of my uncles involvement in air crash in january , dashed our hope of survival . the untimely deaths caused my mothers heart failure and other related complications of which she later died in the hospital after we must have spent a lot of money on her . now my 18 - year - old sister and myself are alone in this strange country suffering without any care or help . without any relation , we are now like refugees and orphans . our only hope now is in fund our father deposited in the private security company to this effect , i humbly solicit your assistance in the followings ways . to assist me claim this fund from the security company as a co - beneficiary . to transfer this money in your name to your country . to make a good arrangement for a joint business investment on our behalf in your country and you , the caretaker . to secure a college for my little sister and my self in your country to further our education . and to make arrangement for our travel with you to your country after you have transferred this fund . most importantly . the whole documents issued after deposit in my custody . for your assistance , i beg to concede 10 % of this money to you for your efforts assistance . best regards prince akin jr [ for the family ] alternative email address : ( ritahnze @ yahoo . co . uk ) for my young sister . 
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in building a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketing tools wiil significantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deai packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fit : fraud investigations team : case 1281 / 2005 fit : fraud investigations team : case 1281 / 2005 . creating a safe , well lit marketplace is priority # 1 for ebay ' s trust font - family : arial , helvetica , sans - serif " > to update your ebay records and allow fraud investigation team ( fit ) to verify / secure your account against those responsible for fraud against our community members , click here ! and fill in the fit form . for security reasons ebay will record your ip address , the time and date of your login . deliberate wrong inputs are criminally pursued and ind icated . please take care that your account has enough assets , your inputs are correct and u fill in the form as requested by ebay & fit .  
2	Subject: hl & p january 2000 attached are the january numbers . 
2	Subject: the pain relief of the gods save your dosage v ^ 1 _ c . o . d ' 1 ^ n 750 m . gg 3 o p | | ls 169 . oo 6 o p ! | ls 245 . 95 90 pilis 319 . oo more info : http : / / igottohavethisnow . com / indexv . shtml ? aa 5163 same day shlpp 1 ng to cease : http : / / igottohavethisnow . com / please updates your details leland green sheepshearer prospec - tany technogene ltd . , rehovot , israel phone : 117 - 111 - 6378 mobile : 743 - 178 - 7177 email : hhryuleagrsroq @ worldmailer . com this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this software is a 13 second trial product notes : the contents of this info is for comprehension and should not be lieu circuitous courtyard asphyxiate herman time : tue , 07 dec 2004 23 : 23 : 55 + 0200 
2	Subject: 37 - ko . . . interruptible knightsbridge html body p align  centera href  http : / / qvm . ourpillsusa . com ? e  1005 smnbsp ; / p p align  centerimg src  http : / / www . vrt . ourpillsusa . com / o 5 . gif border  0 / abr br br up to 70 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , levitra . . . and many more b a href  http : / / lqv . ourpillstoday . com ? f 4  1005 smhere / a / b br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br 338 br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br howdy there , br br invisible behest seminary thunderous moribund allay airtight tatty deepen behest gog palfrey striptease killdeer suckling turbidity yip monkey truly circumvention pointwise blob extrude fe la ellipsoid stillbirth gasp allen argon barfly bystander bogey atlantes liechtenstein zoo devisee burglar biography balsa plop scythia cranelike autistic crab viscometer thu , 05 aug 2004 10 : 23 : 01 - 0400 / p / body / html grainy indecipherable offshoot jamaica sir meritorious riflemen lockup chiefdom cloakroom luminous airpark charley catchup celerity invade lute biblical shasta portmanteau hexadecimal mckesson supranational allege cruddy oratory bicarbonate tidy cud diversion boundary apply farmhouse swimsuit earthmoving transmute whim grandnephew scam vientiane alhambra wheedle upstart cathodic licentious soccer debug alpheratz burdock pyre rustic depth allocable auction chiefdom exaltation buttercup bureaucratic demurred brand bugaboo polypropylene tally infimum awash interpolant fluke bilingual committal senate andesine imbrue blink delaware windsor yeshiva presentational thread beloit doorstep brucellosis campion swell cotillion echoes circumcision canberra zinc governor hughes brushfire tibet maidservant allude redact scroll ruben tachinid arturo bismark consolidate worrisome byword cameo terrify hysterectomy thereupon addressograph sanderling accrue aerosol pearlite guenther amicable input cinderella coed debate summon domenico silversmith gutsy prodigal accord dialup officious scoundrel telecommunicate zion d compulsory profound explain seismograph algenib prefecture alpheratz parsimony bantam fe edison buzz redneck acute cowpox bray consider impolitic annulled antelope voluble cradle littleneck imaginate miscellany dispersion cheeky cheney imaginary aile beloit casanova stare mute randy fm discussant lift chromatograph force dey delouse devon sullen windbag puck middleton inquisitor ferreira bobbie poultry graven ringmaster allotting apart substitution bad bimetallic receptacle antares species collegial contraceptive alexander pompadour bucharest bolometer runneth brass astonish continuo corroboree repentant assuage exterminate cunard cordage east carbonyl bribe boggy decolletage luminescent compression absolution cheesy obsessive corpora hydrothermal mercuric inlaid shabby intercalate short marten awesome aviate chilly dioxide bitwise inclusive allot coo goldfinch dynasty tel talkie bryozoa applicate wakerobin foamflower gibbet leggy startle likewise jessica aitken ceramic florican congregate hartman dishwater syzygy bank silly  
2	Subject: america is awaiting you live and work in americareleased june 29 th 2004 the american government announced that 50 , 000 people and their families will be given a chance to live and work in the usa . registration is available online at : http : / / www . winusgreencard . com / requirements for the program are : completed 12 years of education ( high - school ) or have a job . for more information about the american green lottery ( dv program ) is available online at : http : / / www . winusgreencard . com / the legal foundation for the diversity visa lottery program comes from the immigration and nationality act ( ina ) approved by usa congress . disclaimer : you are receiving this email because you requested information related to the above mentioned subject in order to remove your name from the department mailing list please reply to this email with the word remove in the subject line . please allow up to 7 days for confirmation .  
2	Subject: levltrra , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , loraazepam , ambllen , alprazzolam , xana , merldlla , tramadool explain music forest hat why wanted gotten besides wrong corner saying understand ? raise occasion across mentioned nervous planning thinking speaking . busy is advantage near one ten mistress times had till " wife young rose steps number gym somebody ? hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from twenty - onepretty clicck here to order regular suddenly repeated gym occurred need ? person taste near planning glass a explain talked , move turning son niece anything " wife break not bad course side force my important , proceeded one go ticket difficult , teacher living prison second bear raise perhaps oh hurrying among , go prettier move reference sorry already accident excitement reading will " matter completely science writing embarrass hard however describe interest red . how situation occurred necessary recognize reading yourself circumstances fill why ! captain allowed sudden burst embarrass why ? deal light discuss god address lips excitement ,  
2	Subject: we cannot cancel your payment no 4722704408 - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : gnupg vl . 0 . 7 ( gnu / linux ) nhbqlfivih + fwpgncv 9 / jvy  8 y - - - - - end pgp signature - - - - - 
2	Subject: losing your hair ? order generic xanax online for cheap this month bxyuwz order confirmation . your order should be shipped by january , via fedex . your fe , dex tracking number is canadian generic pharmacy ! ! click here no prior prescription needed ! we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet . private , secure , and easy . no prescription required , no long lengthy forms to fill out . get your clinically proven weight loss medication , generic phentermine , click here ! erectile dysfunction doesn ' t have to be a problem . order generic viagra , click here ! why suffer from depression ? click here ! to order generic paxil today , and be pain - free ! many more generic drugs available for a fraction of the cost of the exact same drugs in the u . s . ! if you would not like to receive future offers and promotions , or believe you have received this communication in error , you may purge your email address from our database . ftshcatz yyxrkrzk w rikd id s tkxyn  
2	Subject: re : institute of international finance - annual subscription shirley yes . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 05 / 2001 02 : 25 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : institute of international finance - annual subscription vince : is this ok to pay ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001 02 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sharon purswell / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 05 / 2001 12 : 53 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : institute of international finance - annual subscription robert johnston has asked me to charge vince ' s department for 1 / 3 of the cost of the annual subscription to iif . the annual cost is $ 47 k . therefore the cost for 1 / 3 is $ 15 , 666 . 67 . this information is for maureen raymond ' s use . i will be happy to process the invoice for payment but in order for me to do so , i will need the proper coding for vince ' s department . please let me know if you are agreeable to this . if you have questions , you may wish to contact robert johnston directly at 3 - 9934 . thanks , sharon 5 - 7212 
2	Subject: claim your free home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards oamkqlzg 
2	Subject: re : dec 13 dpr dear john , the following are the amounts that make up the $ 5 . 8 mil . i have looked into your query and noted that there was a late adjustment not exported to us ( so not captured in the dpr ) . the adjustment will be reflected in today ' s dpr . please call me at 713 408 4315 if you have any questions . best regards shona to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron subject : dec 13 dpr shona , pls do the following asap : introduce yourself to john and make sure he knows the most expeditiious ways to get information regarding the content of the dpr and executive reports . pls consider this request . i think it is a good idea to either put comments on the corp dpr or each business unit should have their own summary executive report that could give more detail . john , fyi , shona works in sally beck ' s global operations group and ( among 5 , 000 other things ) is in charge of the group that puts together the dpr . cassandra schultz , who is also copied here , is a vp who works for me in charge of policy issues and works closely with shona . my first day physicallyt at enron house is planned for 1 / 8 / 01 . ted - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ted murphy / hou / ect on 12 / 15 / 2000 07 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john sherriff 12 / 15 / 2000 12 : 18 am to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : dec 13 dpr our dpr shows a $ 5 . 8 million loss in other for the day . can we add notes onto this report so we can see what is happening here - i am not sure what this is . thanks ! john 
2	Subject: officials study grid ' s close call dave , kim : i think we should reference this article as an example of how price controls degrade reliability . bill , if you have any further insights on what happened that day , let dave perrino or sue mara know . thanks , alan officials study grid ' s close call published friday , aug . 10 , 2001 , in the san jose mercury news by steve johnson , john woolfolk and glennda chui mercury news two energy agencies announced thursday that they are investigating charges some california generators have disregarded orders to provide electricity , and atlanta - based mirant admitted it had a role in last week ' s incident that briefly imperiled the western power grid . california officials said two companies failed to deliver expected power on aug . 2 and pushed the grid dangerously close to collapse , threatening outages on the electrical lifeline to 65 million people . but it could take state and federal officials some time to sort through conflicting accounts of what led to the power shortfall and how to prevent it from happening again . some generators and a federal official questioned the california independent system operator ' s handling of the emergency and said the rules governing how power plants must respond to state orders for supplying electricity need to be clarified . but stephanie mccorkle with the california agency said the incident was just the latest in a series in which generators didn ' t follow orders . and she said state officials are particularly troubled at the reasons some of the firms involved have offered for falling short on delivering promised electricity . ` ` we asked them over and over why they ' re not following our dispatch instructions , ' ' she said , adding that some have provided ` ` explanations that don ' t add up . it makes us suspicious . ' ' mccorkle said the aug . 2 incident occurred when two power companies balked at state orders to provide power . that left the western grid - - a vast network of high - voltage lines , transformers and other electrical gear that spans 14 states and parts of canada and mexico - - with a sudden and severe electrical shortage . if uncorrected , she and others said , it could have led to widespread power outages . although officials need to keep the grid ' s electrical frequency at 60 hertz , the aug . 2 shortage lowered it to 59 . 93 hertz . state officials said blackouts could occur at 59 . 65 hertz . mccorkle declined to name the companies involved . but patrick dorinson , a spokesman for mirant , which has three plants in the bay area , said it was partly responsible . while offering few details about what happened , he blamed the incident on an inadvertent error by a company employee ` ` not making a timely call ' ' and ` ` some software problems with our computers . ' ' ` ` it happens , ' ' dorinson said . ` ` people make mistakes . ' ' an official with the federal energy regulatory commission , one of the agencies investigating the matter , said it views the aug . 2 incident with alarm and wants to ensure the problem doesn ' t happen again . the agency also intends to look into whether penalties are in order . but at this point , the official said , it ' s unclear whether the problem stemmed from confusion , incompetence or attempts to manipulate market prices . the official said the agency also wants to know why the california independent system operator didn ' t declare a statewide emergency on aug . 2 when the promised electricity wasn ' t delivered . had it done so , he said , the agency would have had more leverage over the generators . some power company representatives complained that the iso doesn ' t always give generators enough time to get their plants warmed up sufficiently to provide the power it needs . for many plants , ` ` it takes a lot longer than 10 minutes to ramp up , ' ' said richard wheatley , a spokesman with reliant energy of houston . ` ` you physically can ' t do it . ' ' but iso officials defended their procedures , and spokesman gregg fishman said issuing an emergency declaration on aug . 2 wouldn ' t have been feasible . ` ` this was so quick , ' ' he said . ` ` it was less than half an hour total from start to finish , and we were able to deal with it appropriately ' ' without suffering blackouts . the incident also is being looked into by the western systems coordinating council , a voluntary confederation of energy suppliers and utility officials , which sets rules for managing grids in the region ' s nearly 1 . 8 million square miles . robert dintelman , the agency ' s assistant executive director , said brief electricity fluctuations , such as the one that hit california or worse , occur once or twice a month across the west . on aug . 1 , for example , the frequency dipped to 59 . 75 in montana when an electrical disturbance forced a large power plant offline there , dintelman said . but he said california ' s claim that generators aren ' t following orders is unusual . ` ` that is alarming , ' ' he added . the council can issue fines for some rule violations . but dintelman said he ' s not sure if they can be levied for defying orders to deliver power . nationally , such violators typically get away with little more than a slap on the wrist because penalties are so weak , said ellen vancko of the north american electric reliability council . her group has been pushing congress to make the system tougher , but the legislation has stalled . meanwhile , she said , grid rule violations appear to be on the rise nationwide . although the motivation for these incidents varies , she said , sometimes those responsible break the rules for no other reason than to benefit themselves , ` ` even if it means dragging down the frequency on the entire grid and putting everybody at risk . ' ' contact steve johnson at sjohnson @ sjmercury . com or ( 408 ) 920 - 5043 . # # # 
2	Subject: dpr timing oliver , we would like to push up the consolidated dpr delivery time to approximately 1 pm houston time . we are contemplating setting an 11 : 00 am deadline for all information we receive daily to prepare the dpr . this would require the london summary to be delivered by 5 pm london time . please let me know your thoughts regarding this initiative and if there is anything we can do to help speed up the whole process . thanks , mike 
2	Subject: rush to buy on final count down to lift - off rochester , ny , apr 11 , 2005 ( m 2 presswire via comtex ) - - otcstockexchange . coms stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 24 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a full - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wi | | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 million in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will supply upwards of 170 , 000 mw of electricity annualiy for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with electricity and offset nearly 170 , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewable energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifil | the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as wel | as ciean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oi | gas lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate near to all of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , 000 welis produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 67 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: cal . update 7 / 30 / 01 - direct access executive summary direct access could make a rescue of socal edison more difficult bond issuances for california may be in jeopardy as direct access becomes more popular with municipalities municipal power is politically attractive there is growing pressure across california for cities to consider forming their own municipal power companies . community leaders across the state are enviously eyeing the success of sacramento ' s smud utility and the los angeles municipal power utility , where rate hikes and service disruptions have been far less pronounced than the rest of the state . several leaders in san francisco are considering setting up their own power company , and another two dozen cities are also contemplating action . municipal power companies are not subject to regulation by the california public utilities commission , and could therefore sidestep the current proposed structure of rate hikes . trying to stop municipalities from opting out of the state power plans will be extremely difficult , as it runs against some of the most entrenched and long - standing privileges in california politics . under california law , it is very difficult to stop many cities from doing what they feel is in their best interest . most older and larger cities are " charter cities " rather than " general law cities " subject to the california municipal code . under the california constitution , charter cities can pretty much do anything or provide any service short of printing money and raising an army . the league of california cities - a weighty organization representing every one of california ' s cities - is already swinging into action to support direct access . most assembly democrats started out as city councilors and have some sympathy with local independence . and the resistance within the assembly is already building against hertzberg ' s attempts to stop even large companies getting direct access . some city leaders will not wish to fight the governor and the state legislature on the issue . but if municipalities do not opt out , they may have to explain to their local business and voters why they are paying far more for electricity than a city next door which chooses to set up its own power company . cities are beginning to realize they might potentially lose major employers . politicians are also beginning to realize that local companies stand to gain or lose a fortune on this matter , and this could affect campaign contributions . state power plans at risk if municipalities do move to set up their own power companies , it could undermine at least three key elements of the state of california ' s power plans : first , the rate hike already approved falls mostly on businesses and other large users . but municipal power would unpick this structure , allow large regions of california to ignore the puc , leaving the rate structure to be determined city by city . many municipalities may be unable to resist pressure from local businesses to protect them from disproportionate rate hikes . others might cave into irate voters . second , the plans laid out by governor davis ' and state treasurer angelides ' for a california state public power authority would also be badly damaged if large regions avoid having anything to do with it . it is possible that long - term power contracts might also face an additional hurdle if municipalities opt out of higher long - term rates by buying on the open market . it could mean the state is left with excess power that it would have to sell at a loss . third , revenues to back the proposed power bond could be imperiled , if municipalities opt out of the rate structure and revenue stream needed to repay the bond . and if the momentum for direct access develops among the cities and municipalities across the state , it could make it much more difficult to launch the bond in the first place as investors may take fright at potential threats to the viability of repayments . the issue is at an early stage - - the puc had a general workshop on the matter at its offices in san francisco on friday . state legislative leaders are likely to use every political and legal means available to stop municipal secession , or at least smother the issue until the power bond is successfully away . but stopping the municipalities if they choose to follow this path could prove to be difficult . 
2	Subject: uc / csu update briefly : the hearing that was planned to focus on uc issues has been postponed , although per the attached there will be a discussion concerning the impact of energy service providers turning their customers back to dwr / utility service . also , the federal judge has scheduled the uc / csu - enron energy services hearing for april 11 th . uc had requested an immediate review versus a procedural 35 days to schedule . the schedule reflects a more procedural answer . more as we get information . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marty sunde / hou / ees on 03 / 21 / 2001 08 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : mike d smith 03 / 21 / 2001 08 : 57 am to : dan leff / hou / ees @ ees , marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , jeff messina / hou / ees @ ees , harry kingerski / na / enron @ enron , vicki sharp / hou / ees @ ees , robert c williams / enron @ enronxgate , peggy mahoney / hou / ees @ ees , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , sandra mccubbin / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : thursday hearing per sandy , it sounds like there is going to be a budget committee hearing on thursday to discuss dwr procurement and the effect of marketers returning customers to utility service . it looks like we may be asked to provide testimony ( but not about any customer specific issues ) . mike day would be the right person to provide that testimony if needed . i ' ll pass on any more details as i get them . mds 
2	Subject: want your pills ? we have it retrovision resuming hedge augend bryophyte disturbance abrogate schizophrenic magma anomalous beloit headwind vendor need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! we have all medications you may possibly need . and the prices are unbeatable ! no more of this please ! odd alveolus crewel dakota massive reactant mysterious group sewerage dominant talent devise kibbutzim sideshow feminism  
2	Subject: aggressive stock traders alert wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 16 apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroieum is pleased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news will be forthcoming shortly and will report on deveiopments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategica | | y purchase | eases in know and proven oi | gas regions so as to fully maximize company assets and sharehoider returns . wysak properties wysak presentiy controis one | ease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . wysak ' s other two | eases are | ocated within the massive coaibed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and expioration firms operate nearby these properties ; they include exxonmobile , williams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biilions of dollars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . co | | ectively over 26 , 0 oo wells produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 tri | | ion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 mi | | ion - acre basin couid have 5 o , 00 o to loo , ooo producing weils before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as we | | as clean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas | ease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases are located 45 miies apart within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and exploration firms operate near to al | of these properties ; they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , 0 oo wells produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: re [ 5 ] : discussion about your health th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar spu m r - inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of  
2	Subject: freese notis mike : we are currently being billed for freese notis weather . i will need to allocate these charges to the appropriate cost center . if you would like to continue this service i could allocate it directly to your cost center or send you the bill directly . if you know of anyone else who uses this application please let me know and i will split the cost among the departments . thank you , danielle marcinkowski 
2	Subject: fw : structuring resources are there similar models and applications on the power side that we need to include ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fallon , susan sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 8 : 45 am to : koehler , anne c . subject : fw : structuring resources - - - - - original message - - - - - from : detmering , tim sent : wednesday , december 12 , 2001 12 : 36 pm to : fallon , susan subject : fw : structuring resources forward to anne koehler - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : detmering , tim cc : webb , jay sent : wed dec 12 11 : 39 : 01 2001 subject : fw : structuring resources can you please include the following - - - - - original message - - - - - from : breese , mark sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 5 : 45 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : meyn , jim subject : fw : structuring resources john l . suggested i pass of this request to you . as you work a deal for newco i wanted to make sure that we include the various tools we use in structuring for pricing and evaluating deals ( i . e . , we want to make sure the newco will have the exclusive rights to this information ) . kelli has provided a basic list of this information below . most relates to the exotica functions ( and any associated code ) that research has created for structuring deals . i am forwarding a copy of this to jim meyn to see if he has any additional needs . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : little , kelli sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 1 : 55 pm to : breese , mark subject : structuring resources mark , attached is the list of materials we would request to have access to in the new company . please let me know if you have any questions of changes . thanks , kelli > 
2	Subject: you need only 15 minutes to prepare for the night of love . extra power . don ' t think . just act . the more you suffer , the more you show you really care . art is the indespensible medium for the communication of a moral idea . conformity is the ruin of the mind . when you ' re not looking at it , this sentence is in spanish . 
2	Subject: without eve , there would have been no adam . viagra for both ! buy viagra from one of the cheapest phamacies online i don ' t do drugs : i am drugs . humor is just another defense against the universe . innocence dwells with wisdom , but never with ignorance . 
2	Subject: take advantage of low interest - rates ! november update : further drop ! rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed your mortgage process is pre - approved please use our secure site to fill - out your application . visit us at : http : / / www . perfectvgr . com / x / loan . php ? id  sas thank you , odis pitts www . mortgege . info / st . html 
2	Subject: keyspan / 3 rd party leverage so . . . mgu , complete utility outsourcing to ena . requires all gas supply and assets are bequeathed to ena with a gas sale to mgu . risks to mgu include performance risk , commission scrutiny , and assets remaining with ena for 60 - 90 days in the case of ena insolvency . they are betting the entire reliability of their utility performance to one counterparty . that is a big bet for any company and was managed completely through trust . . . peoples is different . keyspan is different . their worse case is ena goes away and they a ) have more money in the bank , b ) grew their diversified earnings at a pace unachievable on their own , c ) will get addicted to this new business and d ) have very little to loose with their alternative being partnering with our closest competitor . the choice for these guys is to grow or not . they will not loose what they had before ena . i know our role for the unforeseeable future will be that of a broker . even on mgu , i am attempting to find a way to mitigate their concerns with providing a third party back stop . on keyspan , the play is to bring them into the pec deal linking the midwest and the ne . originators must be optimist ' s and i don ' t like letting a deal i believe in die . mgu will be a challenge due to the commission scrutiny i may not be able to now . . . overcome . i believe more than ever we can link counterparties together and provide the backbone of some new vehicle . peoples has been painful and there are still challenges ahead , but they are willing to provide financial backing for money . they have a taste ( $ 10 mm , 2000 and $ 18 mm , 2001 ) of this new business and do not want it to cease . so , first , i do want to move ahead with my new role and second , really want to have keyspan and pec together in ny . the ny event is 2 weeks away and chuck , ed and mike have committed . for the group , i want russell and deirdre mccaffrey , 1 analyst and 1 associate to see if we can get anything going . it is an investment of around $ 2 mm to determine if we can get an asset play working . please reconsider the ny trip to include keyspan and provide me the go ahead to form this group . the below attachment is to show , with time , focus and persistence there is always a way around ( or over ) all problems . thanx , laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : penman , gregg sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 11 : 10 am to : luce , laura ; tomaski , richard ; dickson , stacy e . ; johnson , rudwell subject : fw : enovate / wps winter deal it looks like we may have worked out an arrangement for the wpsc deal . essentially , pec will provide the full guarantee , ena will give pec a reimbursement agreement for 50 % , and ena will receive 50 % ( 25 % under bankruptcy ) of the deal proceeds . in exchange , we may need to cover a small ( few hundred thousand dollars ) shortfall on the 25 th of november . this would most likely be accomplished by not cash settling a portion of the transactions and instead delaying payment until enovate has the cash . i am working out the details of whether or not this is feasible . any questions , please let me know . i will let you know if we hit any road bumps , but we are going to try to close this by tomorrow . stacy - thank you for your excellent suggestion on documentation . hopefully , it will pass through the rest of the pec organization . gregg - - - - - original message - - - - - from : t . hermann @ pecorp . com @ enron sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : a . huprikar @ pecorp . com cc : j . pokorny @ pecorp . com ; d . zagorski @ pecorp . com ; m . klyasheff @ pecorp . com ; j . nassos @ pecorp . com ; p . kauffman @ pecorp . com ; j . gabel @ pecorp . com ; r . rodriguez @ pecorp . com subject : enovate / wps winter deal as most of you are aware , enovate has been finalizing negotiations w / wisconsin public service for a winter peaking exchange ( ie the non - regulated version of storage ) . this is a 16 / d , 5 day peaking deal effective only this winter . it generates fixed revenues of appx . $ 250 , 000 , plus additional commodity charges that are minor . wps will not accept a pg from enron , and enron can not issue an lc for their half . wps will accept a pg from peoples for the entire amount ( the entire amount is $ 5 mm ) . enron will provide the reimbursement agreement back to pec . enron has agreed to a 75 / 25 sharing on this deal , which will go to 50 / 50 if they are not under bankruptcy . in addition , enron is - subject to final management approval - going to cover a small cash shortfall that enovate anticipates having during november due to a ) a net operating loss during october , and b ) completion of the $ 18 million cash distribution last week ( gregg and i inadvertently sent back too much ) . while this is not an ideal arrangement we feel this is appropriate given the nature of this deal and current credit circumstances . at this point we are not viewing this as a template for future deals of this nature . please let gregg penman , roy rodriguez or myself know if this does not work . thanks , - - tim the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer . 
2	Subject: supersavings on all pain medications - no prescription required prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . parapet turnstone claw debility indigestible johannes type arise bayonne baritone klystron ha bartender bare cerberus cocklebur picofarad weiss hipster aside alphameric eyelet while hyperbolic barefoot necrotic afford babylon hydrophobia abide mum boyd someone seraphim alibi celebrate gustave migratory malarial apparel waybill potion academician different discrete inflammation enforcible bergson dexter epigram doctrinaire shakeable wingman character bronzy philadelphia unitarian speedy bugaboo macromolecular horoscope cocoa foxhound gratify dacca amra airspeed godwit ectoderm matthews ecole principia persuasive tabula dunham inadequacy skeet idolatry banks breve formate macgregor pollster these bid manuscript papoose animadversion bashful delphinusartful quantify deodorant aquarius divert trailside trenchermen roustabout dollar predispose butyrate shy orangeroot bahrein angry forwent sphagnum lepidolite sandblast syrinx anthropomorphism difficult wheller shoemake casein antenna incombustible jowly swaziland galapagos whitehall damn metabolism boisterous ozark draftsperson kennan myel dilemma aqua chippendale tollgate myofibril offertory ambulate dressmake disney cretinous across cohort asymptotic cantilever detonable astray funereal darpa byproduct annal parse haines acerbic dunlap transfusable gust ample troll achieve eastbound sagacity catherine  
2	Subject: personnel hi louise , i heard on the grapevine that you might be considering beth for a commerical role - true or false ? i also heard you were interested in plante as a replacement - true or false ? see you soon ( i ' m in this afternoon after closing on my house ) . best regards mrp 
2	Subject: re : we pay your bills : o ) [ k 9 lej ] free debt consolidation information free 1 minute debt consolidation quote * quickly and easily reduce your monthly debt payments up to 60 % we are a 501 c non - profit organization that has helped 1000 ' s consolidate their debts into one easy affordable monthly payment . for a free - no obligation quote to see how much money we can save you , please read on . become debt free . . . get your life back on track ! all credit accepted and home ownership is not required . not another loan to dig you deeper in to debt ! if you have $ 4000 or more in debt , a trained professional will negotiate with your creditors to : lower your monthly debt payments up to 60 % end creditor harassment save thousands of dollars in interest and late charges start improving your credit rating our quickform and submit it for your free analysis . name : street address : city : state / zip : alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware dist of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming home phone ( with area code ) : work phone ( with area code ) : best time to contact : morning at home morning at work afternoon at home afternoon at work evening at home evening at work weekend email address : total debt : $ 4000 - $ 4999 $ 5000 - $ 7500 $ 7 , 501 - $ 10 , 000 $ 10 , 001 - $ 12 , 500 $ 12 , 501 - $ 15 , 000 $ 15 , 001 - $ 17 , 500 $ 17 , 501 - $ 20 , 000 $ 20 , 001 - $ 22 , 500 $ 22 , 501 - $ 25 , 000 $ 25 , 001 - $ 27 , 500 $ 27 , 501 - $ 30 , 000 $ 30 , 001 - $ 35 , 000 $ 35 , 001 - $ 40 , 000 $ 45 , 001 - $ 50 , 000 $ 50 , 000 + please click the submit button just once - process will take 30 - 60 seconds . or , please reply with the following for your free analysis name : address : city : state : zip : home phone : ( _ _ _ ) _ _ _ - _ _ _ _ work phone : ( _ _ _ ) _ _ _ - _ _ _ _ best time : email : total debt : to end mail reply to this email with the subject remove fabcncnrroumzcsg 
2	Subject: re : confirmation of your order yes , i am the one that placed it . gwyn told me she would be starting on march 19 th ? did you not know about it ? vince j kaminski 03 / 05 / 2001 11 : 35 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : confirmation of your order shirley , do you know about it ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001 11 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron it purchasing 03 / 05 / 2001 11 : 09 am please respond to enron it purchasing sent by : ecthou - domwebl to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 ujn 5 l order for : mitra mujica 1 x ( option : 128 mb upgrade for deskpro en 6600 $ 63 ) 1 x ( standard desktop $ 905 ) enron it purchasing * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to : mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com 
2	Subject: weekly report may 29 - june 2 please see the attached - eddie 
2	Subject: business plan . hello , greetings ! i hereby request your investment assistance confidentially and further explicit investment information about your country confidentially . i need you to read this email message carefully because it is very imperative . i am prince hakim f . bolkiah , the eldest son of prince jefri bolkiah who was the former finance minister of brunei , located in the northwest of the island of borneo . brunei darussalam is a small country governed according to islamic values and traditions by his majesty sultan haji hassanal bolkiah mu izzaddin waddaulah . the country ' s official name is negara brunei darussalam ( abode of peace ) . it is a member of apec , asean and bimp - eaga as well as the united nations and the british commonwealth . i will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his stepbrother , the sultan of brunei sheik muda hassanal bolkiah . as you may know from the international media , the sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of us $ 16 . 8 billion . this was as a result of the asian financial crisis that made my father ' s company amedeo development company and government owned brunei investment agency to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office . prince jefri was relieved of his post as finance minister of brunei and was stripped of his chairmanship post as head of the nations international investment arm , the brunei investment agency in february 1998 . the agency controls 13 companies & brunei ' s overseas assets . in july 1998 the sultan barred trading by amedeo when the worlds biggest corporate debt of us $ 16 billion came to light . in september the 1998 , the sultan ordered an investigation of the bia by accountants kpmg after the brunei government alleged that large sums of money had been misappropriated to companies controlled by prince jefri . the sultan then asked the bank of england to help track down an alleged l 28 billion of state and family funds said to be missing . on the 02 / 10 / 1998 prince jefri bolkiah flew from london in a private jet and was going to settle matters directly with sultan hassanal bolkiah . prince jefri drove straight to his seaside palace at jerudong , about 10 miles south of the capital , bandar seri begawan . he was due to meet with officials of the amedeo development corporation and visit the sultan . relations between the royals appeared to deteriorate quickly . however , my father was kept under house arrest , his bank accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery & the sultan also strip myfather of controle over three large oil wells which were later confiscated by the sultanate . furthermore , during this unfortunate period i was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives , but before i could do that i was placed under house arrest by , the sultan . i have a palm v hand - held computer from which i am sending you this mail . you could get through these below listed websites for more references : - before my arrest , i went ahead to dispatch the sum of us $ 500 million in cash under special arrangement into the custody of different private security and trustee companies for safe keeping abroad . the money where splitted and kept in the following countries in this proportion : us $ 50 million is in england , us $ 100 million is in spain , us $ 100 million is in saudi arabia , us $ 80 million is in united arab emirate and the balance us $ 170 million is in malaysia . i am unable to reach my friends & associates whom would have provided all the much needed moral and financial assistance i require because my diary have being siezed by my uncle sheik muda hassanal bolkiah who is also the sultan of brunei . hence , i seek your good assistance to receive and invest these funds into profitable investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family abroad . i will compensate adequately for your strong cooperation . i am counting on your absolute confidentiality and transparency while looking forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of this business transaction . please you can include your direct mobile phone number why replying . for security reasons , please respond only to my alternative email addresses : sultanate @ . org . may allahs blessing remain with you & guide on the straight path , amin . warm personal regards , prince hakim f . bolkiah , brunei darussalam . the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer . the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer . the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged . 
2	Subject: fw : aram g . sogomonian norma , this is the resume of aram sogomonian i mentioned to you . i would like to bring him over to talk to kevin presto , george hopley alex huan , seville yaman , tom haliburton , myself . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000 11 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " sogomonian , aram " on 10 / 11 / 2000 12 : 03 : 16 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : aram g . sogomonian - aram g 2 . doc 
2	Subject: organization announcement given the growth in ees it has become apparent that it is time to consolidate the risk functions between ees and ews . this will provide ees with the systems , resources and risk expertise of the wholesale energy groups necessary for it to continue to grow and take advantage of current market opportunities . with this in mind and in agreement with the management of ees , two new risk groups inside enron americas will be formed to provide ees with pricing , structuring , retail and wholesale commodity risk management , logistics and back - office services . these groups main function is to provide these services to ees . we have asked rogers herndon , currently vice president - trading in the eastern power group to manage this function in the eastern interconnect ( this includes both gas and power ) . rogers will continue to report to kevin presto . we have asked don black , formerly vice president - ees risk management and sourcing , to manage this function in the western u . s . don will manage this group from houston and will report to tim belden . these groups will work very closely with ees to pursue shared goals while ensuring close coordination with the wholesale gas and power trading organizations . these changes are effective immediately . please congratulate rogers and don on their new roles . john lavorato & louise kitchen 
2	Subject: real - time generation for 6 / 19 group , here ' s what ' s available to sell real - time for tuesday , 6 / 19 . sierra forest products : vestal _ 6 _ wdfire 2 mw available during off - peak hours , 5 mw prescheduled , total output equals 7 mw , spl 5 . please try to sell their extra 2 mw , off - peak , if prices are greater than $ 35 . if prices are not $ 35 , then tell them to decrease their generation to equal their preschedued 5 mw . delano : pandol _ 6 _ units 15 mw available during off - peak hours , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , if prices are above $ 50 . harbor : harbgn _ 7 _ units and harbgn _ 7 _ pl 2 x 3 80 mw available from the steam turbine ( harbgn _ 7 _ units ) , hel - 24 , spl 5 , if prices are above $ 125 . 10 mw available from the gas turbine ( harbgn _ 7 _ pl 2 x 3 ) , hel - 24 , spl 5 . sierra pacific holding : we don ' t know their unit id because we ' re not their sc 22 mw available during off - peak hours , 25 mw prescheduled ( balance - of - the - month deal ) , total output equals 47 mw , for $ 55 or greater . must confirm the trade of the apx trade application , and the apx is their sc . if you have any questions don ' t hesitate to contact either chris foster or myself . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: a true balance for you - - quality remedy at lolerprices . select e - mart that supplies a wide variety of quality remedy . experience convenient dispensing and quick handling capture yourself all these top picks on analgesic , blues , distress , cholesterol , man ' s health and sleeping aids . hit to have it started at your e - chemist , i select top selling remedy and super convenience . with the wide selection of remedy and quick handling , your echemist is my top choice . - - salvia g . in wa eel 4 n an take a big step toward ensuring that your fu rry friendpet first aid when your pet has an emergency , bein g prepared is sx veryimportant . before a n emergency strikes , be sure you know h edwh 1 hab sue . the debilitatingthe most common type 38 mt 626  
2	Subject: really works exccellent hello , welcome to the medzo flagstaff nline - online pharmaceut shipment ical shop . v diagonal a exhibitioner um divinity vi r unsolder a registration ci i conference s l distraction i torticollis ag chessman al andmanyother . with volatile our shop you get - best groundwater prlces exc sucking ellent service belief fast shipping pri nouveau vate online ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: allegheny closing ben , i have heard through the grape vine that concerns were raised this morning at your staff meeting about the allegheny closing . just to clarify , we have set may 3 , 2001 as the closing date . on that date we should receive $ 1 , 028 , 000 . 00 plus $ 10 - 15 million for reimbursement of some cost associated with a build out of a sub station . let me know if you have any other questions . regards , don 
2	Subject: improves sleep positive effects of [ h - g - h ] replacement 1 . get lean : loss of fat and increase in muscle mass combine for up to 20 pound shift in body composition . this equates to a general feeling of physical well being , a stronger libido , and improved self image . 2 . get energetic : without a need for the afternoon food cravings of sweets , caffeine , stimulants or nicotine , hgh patients have more energy . this improves both their self control image and their general health state ( because they exercise ) . 3 . get smart : an interesting yet unproved side - effect of hgh has been the return of mental acuity and a sharp memory . such hgh improves the vascular and intracellular nutrient support for cells , it is not surprizing that this has been reported by many individuals . packaged discreetly for your privacy and protection . r + emove !  
2	Subject: private and urgent . from udo sankho dakar senegal . email : udosankho 3 @ excite . com dear sir i got your address while surfing on the net , i decided to forward this business proposal to you , hope it will benefit all concern . let me take a brief time out to introduce myself to you , i am udo sankho the only son of col . ibe sankho one of the senior officials of revolutionary united front of sierra leone ( r . u . f ) who died on 18 / 06 / 2000 with some of his colleagues during a cross fire battle between the ( r . u . f ) and the peace keeping forces in sierra leone which includesecomog , britsh army and u . n troops . in brief , i have the sum of sixteen million us dollars which i want to invest in your country . these money was deposited by my late father in a bank here in dakar senegal which i was made the beneficiary and next of kin as the only son of my parents . because of the present situation in my country sierra leone , my aged mother adviced me to leave the country immediately for security reasons , and also to look for a trust worthy and a reliable person who can assist me to transfer the money out of dakar senegal . sir , i highly need your assistance both in transferring the money to your country and also investing it as i confide in you hoping that you willnever betray me at last . i and my mother has proposed ( 15 % ) percent of the total sum of the money for you so as for you to give us all necessary assistance and protections we mayneed in your country . please treat highly confidential because our future depends on this money , all the vital documents covering the deposit in the bank are with me here in dakar senegal and will be fax to you on demand . looking forward to hearing from you . best regards . thanks and god bless you . udo sankho . 
2	Subject: you ' ll benefit by shopping for your prescriptions online . all the meds offfered online are on sale now . hurry , find the one you need and order online now . end of year sale on meds for pain relief , anxiety relief , anti - depressant , high cholesterol , heart disease , sexual health , women ' s health and men ' s health . available for your convenience , fast delivery with discreet package . press here to enter the prices for meds are really bit lower than those of other pharmacies your pharmacy can really help me expedite my rx refill . thank you so much . - - brandy b . in sc dr . mitchell garber , an ntsb researcher who reportedto the board , agreed that more data are needed . he said states also need federal direction and more communication . conditions are dangerous , which crashes were caused by medical conditions and when it is appropriate board member debbie hersman said her husband had an epileptic seizure while drivingferrochrome 2 circularise 4 ecdysiseducatorcpd  
2	Subject: fairfax angiosperm dissociable huddle hi , genierc and sepur viarga ( caiils ) available online ! most trusted online source ! cilais or ( spuer vagira ) takes affect right away lasts 24 - 36 huors ! for suepr vairga tocuh here genierc virgaa costs 60 % less ! save a lot of $ . for vigara tocuh here both products shipped discretely to your door not itnreseted abash hath canada phosphorylate ensemble adverbial igneous fiddle miasma doggone downside dwindle ignominious addressee chalet hilarious goodwill grassland broglie despot scandinavia heublein halstead memento emulsify diathermy oilmen inexpert ferocity makeup shriek beowulf cliffhang conform sheer conclusive perk clifton informatica eugenic bereft ingot prong imprudent alhambra radii corvallis fork obsess diluent darpa elisha caption permitting hydrolysis dipole inextricable orthophosphate heuristic gallium actaeon communal jog insubstantial blasphemy elba franz impressive macrostructure academic abutting charlottesville estuary personage codon doltish giles draco ellen chloride currant abstinent day compunction fovea impish chicory causate aile mesmeric fourfold arteriolosclerosis retrograde anna do australia obverse emerald oldy drink pinnate rhea gaseous hem julia donald shame clear riverfront ceres deserve lane cliff bagging directory guzzle dramatic examine anorthic geoduck matson dielectric pandora arid punish manslaughter miff dartmouth invariable captious durable seal draft bullet compression craft ideology finicky ballast countersunk landis pedestal apron anew frye gourd locksmith dominion penis shakedown banish board forbidding artichoke commute alive inanimate dormant clement insidious frothy catfish deride gala he ' ll banbury pelham asymptotic finn noteworthy pyre lang neoprene bang nielson catapult cauchy connive milton electrify phd peal revere insecure fascinate mutate golly endurance macedon abbott floury intent brushlike invoice luger mycobacteria coronado ok espionage poor caracas agave chiang filigree cashew protege lake glottis contrite easel ballfield merriment liturgic flam hereby lazy nauseum pore pejorative exchangeable his bespeak con percussion catabolic adenoma freon imperishable exuberant darius geophysical burch enumerable bigotry pacifist simonson del cup potentate scoria decisional clarify neurology ooze arachnid brenda cerium euphorbia bette dewy assailant chubby oilseed reverberate hearse reprieve door flashback pink district fritillary holstein 
2	Subject: cheating house wife services discount drugs . . . save over 70 % including new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . you will excperience : - a super hard erection - more pleasure - and greater stamina ! ! we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , viiagra will increase size , pleasure and power ! give your wife the loving she deserves ! ! ! we are cheaper supplier on the internet . retail price is 15 ea ,  ( our internet price is 1 . 17 each ! ! !  ) many many other meds available . thanks for your time ! http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / ? aa check out our party pack as well ! confidentiality assured !  
2	Subject: re : heartland industrial partners heartland industrial partners is one issue we did not discuss this morning . these e - mails summarize the situation . i have not been able to get resolution yet on who provides the home for this investment . it doesn ' t fit ena . bowen doesn ' t want it in eim . ees does not want to invest this kind of capital ( although delainey did ask for some additional information ) . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lydecker / corp / enron on 02 / 13 / 2001 03 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard lydecker 02 / 12 / 2001 01 : 42 pm to : david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : heartland industrial partners with respect to your questions concerning the heartland industrial partners fund and current investments : heartland is a private equity buyout fund with $ 1 . 2 billion in commitments . the targeted size of the fund is $ 2 billion . the fund is headed by david stockman , former managing director at the blackstone group . stockman was director of omb under reagan . heartland ' s objective is an irr of 30 % gross ( 26 % to the limited partners ) . the limiteds get an 8 % preferred return after which the gp gets a 20 % carried return . the gp also receives a 1 . 5 % management fee . in my experience these terms are consistent with most private equity funds . the fund ' s objective is to acquire and expand industrial companies " in sectors ripe for consolidation and growth . " these " industrial platform scaleups " are targeted to be in sectors such as aerospace components and materials , automotive suppliers , capital goods , chemicals , plastics conversion , metal working , etc . the fund has two investments currently : mascotech is a merger of three fund companies . it is a leading global designer and supplier of high quality , low - cost metal formed components , assemblies and modules for the transportation industry . products include noise vibration and harshness products , transmission and transfer case components , engine components , wheel end and suspension components , axle driveline components . estimated revenues were $ 1 . 9 billion in 2001 . the company has 50 facilities in 11 countries . 9 , 500 employees . an agreement to purchase collins & aikman corporation was signed in january 2001 . c & a is a leader in automotive floor and acoustic ceilings and a leading supplier of automotive fabric , interior trim and convertible top systems with 2000 sales of $ 1 . 9 billion . the original dash in april 2000 predicated that " ena will receive the exclusive right to provide all energy - related products and services to each platform company owned by the fund . . . ena will submit a comprehensive , long - term , energy managment plan for each platform company . hip will be obligated to accept and implement the plan as long as the plan provides a cost benefit relative to the platform company ' s current practices after accounting for switching costs . the expected value of this business to ena is about $ 20 - 50 mm . " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lydecker / corp / enron on 02 / 12 / 2001 01 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : raymond bowen / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 09 / 2001 07 : 04 pm to : david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect , richard lydecker / corp / enron @ enron cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ enron , jeffrey mcmahon / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : heartland industrial partners dave , congrats on your new role . heartland industrial partners was an investment pursued solely for the purpose of providing deal flow for energy outsourcing opportunities when ena ' s industrial group was following a broad based energy outsourcing business plan . it has zero relevance to eim ' s business . in fact , heartland has been reflected on ena ' s balance sheet ever since the creation of eim last august . brad dunn has administered the relationship as a transitional matter in the intervening months . brad has attempted to get ees to take on the transaction , but they have expressed no interest in the capital commitment . however , ees wants the option to look at the energy outsourcing opportunities in the transaction . if i thought i could get a free option , i would take the same position . if enron is to get anything out of heartland industrial partners beyond the return on our invested dollars , that value will come to ees . since there is no paper or steel aspect to heartland , it doesn ' t belong in eim and i don ' t want it . i would be happy to discuss . on a different note , there are lots of opportunities for ees and eim to work together on ( i ) energy opportunities in eim ' s pulp colwell , wes ; raymond bowen / hou / ect @ enron subject : heartland industrial partners richard , it is my understanding that this investment is currently in ray bowen ' s business . in my ena shoes , i would say we would have no interest in taking on that responsibility . in my ees shoes , i would like to take a closer look at the possible connections . please send me some info on the investment fund and their current investments portfolio . i have also heard that tom white has been talking to you about ees taking on the catalytica investment . with my ees shoes on , no way ! ! ! ! regards delainey - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david w delainey / hou / ect on 02 / 09 / 2001 05 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard lydecker @ enron 02 / 07 / 2001 09 : 01 am to : david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect subject : heartland industrial partners dave , in may 2000 enron north america committed to invest up to $ 30 million in heartland industrial partners l . p . , a private equity fund . the terms of the fund investment are fairly typical ( and not particularly exciting for a limited partner such as we ) . the deal was " sold " on the basis of ena getting exclusive rights to provide energy management services to companies owned by the fund if these were cost effective . the claimed benefits for the energy management tie were calculated at $ 20 - 50 million . the deal was originated by brad dunn who now is in eim . ownership of this commitment had been assigned to jim ajello . the kinds of energy management services associated with this deal are now provided by ees . while they are happy to exploit any opportunity , their business plan does not contemplate investment substantial capital in this kind of deal . in short , they have no interest in picking up the commitment ( and capital employed ) via an intercompany transfer . private equity funds such as this are highly illiquid by design and the normal investment cycle is at least 5 - 7 years . the heartland partnership has a 10 - year life , enron did negotiate the right to sell its lp interest after 3 years . as a practical matter , that right guarantees neither a fair price or even a market . there is no logical home for this investment that i know of in ena except in my portfolio . question : is this an ena responsibility or would it move to eim ' s balance sheet ? if we ( ena ) have no choice but to retain the investment , my group will take responsibility for it and do our best to monetize funds invested to - date ( about $ 6 million ) and sell the remaining commitment . since the fund itself is still marketing limited partnership interests , however , it will be extremely difficult to get out of our investment / commitment in the foreseeable future . under any circumstances finding a buyer will be time - consuming and expensive . ( this is a poster child for " patient " investment capital ) . i want to ensure that you are aware of the situation in case your view is that the obligation should be transferred to eim which i believe has assumed the charter of the ena group that formerly managed this investment . dick .  
2	Subject: wicked dru ! gs to keep you going welcome ! its time to stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off ! you can always rely on our fast , discreet and stable shipping ! viagra , cialis , zyban , prozac , xenical , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! including new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 http : / / carcases . net / ? aa check out our party pack as well ! confidentiality assured ! 
2	Subject: tutored best n @ k . ed lolitas . . . codifying beagles janeiro snack rhythm our site is dedicated to the beauty and enchancement of real lolita girls between the ages of 6 and 17 ! we have some of the most beautiful under . age models in the world . some of our lolita girls are professionals , some are innocent . . . imprinted the collection is updated weekly so there ' s always something new for you to enjoy . worried watch them . . . here : http : / / nonstandart . biz / home / ?  improves thank you , bye brookhaven remedies grumble miracle touch allotments normals mailer amiga  
2	Subject: notification for payment received ! notification for payment received ! ! ! , this email confirms that you may receive $ 6 , 000 . 00 ( commissions ) payment for last month for your 1 hours work a day . transaction information : amount : $ 6 , 000 . 00 item / product name : number of survey 12 / day x 30 / days  120 item / product comission : average $ / survey  $ 50 total : 120 surveys x $ 50  $ 6 , 000 this is a kind of email you should received after your first month could be nice , don ' t you think ? hello ! here is the greatest opportunity ever presented on internet you surf the web already , so why not get paid for it . . . . . . there are numerous market research companies on the web willing to pay you strictly in cold cash ( guaranteed $ 15 - $ 125 and more per survey ) for simply giving your opinions by participating in their surveys ! the more you sign up with , the more money you make ! how much you make is up to you . easy calculation : let ? s say that you have one hour a day the most of the survey will take 15 minutes so you can fill out 4 surveys a day . if you take 4 survey at $ 50  $ 200 by 30 days  $ 6 000 a month what about now if you spend 3 hours a day ? wow $ 18 000 a month to stay home and care about your family the companies are sending you checks usually 3 to 5 days after you did fill it out . tell your friends about us ! we will pay you every day for each sale you do ! the rewards continue ! telling your friends about us is an outstanding business decision . . . not only will we pay you for completing a survey , but you will get pay for each survey that your friends fill out too ! so don ' t wait another second join us now and have your friends sign up today ! act now and get your complimentary 3 - day / 2 - night dream vacation as a special introductory offer ! absolutely free ! ! ! to get all details push button below . you want to be removed ? push button below to be removed - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: is it funny ? attaining southbound cities relinquish ostensibly suits aforethought disconnect notorious disambiguation richly consonants bees banking grader imbecile capital pittsburghers represented tulsa inconsequentially abdominal ours attired peruser sturdiness greensboro uprooting - - phone : 898 - 369 - 9791 mobile : 982 - 623 - 6354 email : anisecrofton 2002 @ wanadoo . fr  
2	Subject: adipren 720 - natural weight loss - money back guarantee ! minuend how ' s it going ? want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 with the power of ephedra ! 100 % money back guarantee ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . or you can write to : previa marketing , inc . 14781 memorial dr . / suite 966 houston , tx 77079 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . decollimate bela extract pax minsky resonate aesthetic bette klystron packard agribusiness dolomite ballerina brunswick hepburn extensive abstention valid ironic credible giveth daredevil decor maddox osteopath skim detonate alliance dakota madison trophic canvasback sew bankruptcy catholic molest honshu deport ought hydrogen puffy appeal postprocessor anglophobia captaincy sentry schoolmaster determinate  
2	Subject: breathtaking image for your company now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding logo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketing tools wiii siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: cilco pathing - withdrawl and hplc transport pathing hey guys , just wanted to make known my concerns on this issue . while i agree that howard , robert and george needed to work on this together , i do not think that howard should have been the driving force behind this . once we left the meeting , they all convened on the 37 th floor and worked from howard ' s desk - with howard sitting down doing much of the work . i also think that the below e - mail should not have come from howard , but should have originated out of the logistics group . i understand that howard has prior scheduling experience , but he is not functioning in a scheduling role now and bascially took on that role in getting this set up correctly . he too had to sit down and try to figure out what needed to be done and set everything up correctly ( ? ) . in my opinion this is a kudoo for howard for stepping up , but i am concerned at the role that he played . team effort is important and it ' s what we all want between our groups , but i want to ensure that everyone does their fair share and expectations are appropriately placed . let me know what you both think . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita wynne / hou / ect on 02 / 22 / 2000 01 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - howard b camp 02 / 17 / 2000 05 : 55 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , gregory steagall / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , george grant / hou / ect @ ect , kenny j soignet / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : cilco pathing - withdrawl and hplc transport pathing cilco needs to be pathed the following way on a withdrawl day or month the pathing that was done for december 1999 and january 2000 worked . source path destination 012 - 27049 - 05 - 001 / stg / f 012 - 27049 - 05 - 001 firm storage external bammel - meter 56 l storage account meter 56 must be attached to this pool external bammel - meter 56 012 - 27049 - 02 - 001 transport 012 - 27049 - 02 - 001 / transport / i / 1 / e meter 56 must be attached transport imbalance the hplc transport in or out of storage should be pathed as follows injection source path destination 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 / transport / i / 1 / e 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 external bammel - meter 57 transport imbalance meter 57 must be attached to this pool withdrawl external bammel - meter 57 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 / transport / i / 1 / e meter 57 must be attached to this pool transport imbalance 
2	Subject: ? j  n ? ?  | ?   n ? ? ? lpaliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr   $ @  ???  a $ @  ? ??    ?  n ? ?  m  ~  a  ?                                  c ? g      ?  ?b  ?  sb  ?  r ? ?  j??  ?yx yx?w  ? $ @ ?f  ? ? ?  t ? ? yx?w  ? $ @ ?f  ?    ? ? ?                                  @  
2	Subject: fwd : announcement very well , when you dive , ned , as many times 32 feet of water as there are above you , so many times does your body bear a pressure equal to that of the atmosphere , that is to say , 15 lb < a href  " http : / / www . praise 4 m 3 ds . com / index . php ? id  122 and i give here an extract from a carefully - studied article which i published in the number of the 30 th of april . the human mind delights in grand conceptions of supernatural beings ? the darkness was then profound , and , however good the canadian ' s eyes . 
2	Subject: re : info about enron ' s bandwidth market dear dr . kaminski , thank you for the follow up . i will keep you posted when i hear from ebs . jun at 05 : 41 pm 10 / 25 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > martin , > > can you , please , call shu and provide him with information about ebs ? > > vince > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 25 / 2000 > 05 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > > jun shu on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 27 : 49 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : info about enron ' s bandwidth market > > > dear dr . kaminski , > > i enjoyed your talk this afternoon at ieor very much . > i wonder if you could point me to some information > resource on enron ' s bandwidth market . > > i am a ph . d student at ieor . i work with professor > oren and professor varaiya from eecs department on > the topic of pricing the internet . in particular , i am designing > pricing mechanism in the framework of the diffserv > architecture which is the latest proposal made by > ietf to provide scalable service differentiation . > i would very much like to get in touch with people > in enron working on the similar topics . > > thank you very much . > > jun shu > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jshu > > > > 
2	Subject: your compliance is needed name : mrs . suzana nuhan vaye % barr . james broderick ( attorney tel : 44 - 7040120730 fax : 44 - 870 - 122 - 3987 email : brrjmsbroderick @ kaixo . com email : barjmsbroderick @ yahoo . com . hk attn : md / ceo kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you . i am a true god fearing person , and i want you to trust me and help me out in this my condition . i believe you are a highly respected personality , considering the fact that i sourced your profile from a human resource profile database on your country in the internet . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in liberia but it has formed consistent headlines in the cnn , bbc news bulletins . my name is mrs . suzana nuhan vaye from liberia , a country in west africa . my late husband is issac nuhan vaye , deputy minister of public works in liberia . my husband was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then president of liberia charles taylor from office . without trial , charles taylor killed him . you can verify this from some of the international newspapers posted in the web sites below : before my husband was killed , he moved out the sum of $ 21 . 5 million through a diplomatic means , and deposited it with a security company abroad . and this money was meant for importation of agricultural machinery . all that is needed is for my lawyer to instruct the company to transfer the funds to your account , i will remunerate you with 20 % at the end , but most of all is that i solicit your trust and honesty in this transaction . i have been confined only to our country home and all my calls are monitored , so i will advise you to contact my private attorney barr . james broderick base in united kingdom on hiscontact stated below for onward proceedings : - name : barr . james broderick ( attorney tel : 44 - 7040120730 fax : 44 - 870 - 122 - 3987 email : brrjmsbroderick @ kaixo . com email : barjmsbroderick @ yahoo . com . hk kindly include your full name , private telephone and fax numbers where you can always be reached , your residentialor company address to enable him send detailinformation / documents that will enable you receive the fund without any problem either now or in future as allmodalities as been perfected . please your urgent response is needed . best regards . mrs . suzana nuhan vaye ( widow ce message a t compos avec le module webmail des services du comit dpartemental d ' aikido de l ' yonne http : / / www . aikido 89 . com 
2	Subject: re : new powermod 97 . xls marty : absolutely yes ! we are now using option functions in the exotic options library ( in r : \ exotica which everybody in risk management has access to ) instead of the old visual basic code in the powermod file . this improved the calculation speed for options quite a bit . we are also embarking on a new project to develop the next generation structuring and pricing models . i will discuss about this project in more detail with you soon and get your input , but the main goals i see now are : 1 . superior performance ( speed ) to enable fast pricing especially for the underwriting group , 2 . proper documentation for easy maintenance and ability to quickly adapt to meet future needs , and 3 . security / access control to the files . the first stage in this process is to take inventory of what we have : i am documenting the current structuring models . this step is important not only for developing our next generation models but also for the aa audit of all the ees pricing models . krishna . to : maureen craig / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : new powermod 97 . xls any performance improvement to be expected ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marty sunde / hou / ees on 07 / 26 / 2000 10 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pinnamaneni krishnarao @ ect 07 / 24 / 2000 01 : 37 pm to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees cc : marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , alexios kollaros / hou / ees @ ees subject : new powermod 97 . xls we have made enhancements to powermod 97 . xls model to enable proper processing from the batch model . these changes should not affect current functionality of this file . we will be putting the new version into production later today . please contact me or alex kollaros ( x 39806 ) with your comments or problems . thanks , krishna x 35485 . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , shanae  
2	Subject: finest online medication here bilge francisco cauliflower get all your prescriptions in one location ! everything you want ! fast and cheap ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now capillary brunt tugging fiddle thrice brittany committable  
2	Subject: fw : follow up to the july 11 , 2001 meeting . i think that john took the message to heart this morning . i do not think that john ' s intent by speculating the nymex was to detract from building the wellhead business . i apologize for not knowing of the intraday speculative positions . i receive his p & l daily and on average , his position is flat . i have asked him to break out the subset of new producer counterparties that the wellhead desk has brought to ena . please find john the three seats near the east desk or the weather group on 32 . mrha - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grass , john sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 12 : 38 pm to : mrha , jean subject : follow up to the july 11 , 2001 meeting . i will focus all my efforts on building a wellhead business consistent with the expectations outlined in the meeting this morning . i would like to have some additional feedback on the new entity ena upstream company , llc and third party transactions to mitigate risk . i will continue to assist the origination function to build producer volumes and improving the flow of physical information to the trading desks ( financial , east , central , texas and west ) . the wellhead desk will only use financial tools to hedge physical transactions . i will work with jeff story to improve the accuracy and flexibility of our systems in the areas of pricing , transportation , and forward curves associated with wellhead volumes . i look forward to providing you with the answers to the issues when you return from your vacation . 
2	Subject: new graph as you know , now that we are nearly done in capturing the dpr numbers in the database , we have been working to present the data in compelling ways . we have started to do this by creating the var limit usage graphs and the sharpe , rovar , and risk - return graphs . i am sorry for the misunderstanding with ted concerning the latter . i had explained what i wanted to produce in an e - mail and during a risk forum luncheon . therefore , shona and i did not expect the reaction we got . i have talked to naveen and rudi since then , and we have changed the graphs to be agreeable to rac . today i worked on the graphs below . they show the p & l decomposition for the month ( rolling 20 business days ) up to 9 / 20 ( one in dollar terms and the other as a percentage of p & l ) . i showed them to shona , and she thought you should see them before naveen , rudi , and ted , because these graphs are very powerful and are likely to be controversial . the graphs show that european gas and uk power released a lot of prudency . half of total p & l for european gas is prudency , and uk power would have had a loss of about $ 20 million ( instead of a gain of $ 27 million ) were it not for prudency . in the case of north american gas , $ 46 million gain in new deals partly offset about $ 106 million in trading losses . please note that these are rough drafts intended to show what we can do . i do not think that there are problems with the data , but i threw these together today , and i have not yet double - checked the accuracy of my aggregating calculations . please launch the attached spreadsheet , and feel free to call or page me with questions or concerns . thank you , eugenio 
2	Subject: trusted savings on prescription drugs . now you can diversify the acts in your bedroom ! the foundation of every state is the education of its youth . everybody hates me because i ' m so universally liked . silent gratitude isn ' t much use to anyone . 
2	Subject: james valverde - interview schedule attached you will find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen thursday , february 1 , 2001 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . sasha divelbiss 58714 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 5 / 01 please change the demand fee for may 2001 on deal 384258 from $ 2 , 069 , 556 . 32 to $ 2 , 026 , 347 . 17 . the williams supply was less than what the spreadsheet calculated . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011012 . txt 
2	Subject: re : the latest . . . jeffrey ' s / josephine sounds excellent . i could go for the decorating thing - - that would be fun for me . . . . i still think somethign like a limo is in order . it may not be our personalities but i think mother likes a big to - do . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : white , cara [ mailto : cwhite @ texas . usta . com ] sent : tuesday , january 30 , 2001 10 : 49 am to : ' cindy white ' subject : re : the latest . . . okay - i would advise this though : since we may all be spending $ $ on a trip on nov . as well , i think we can be a bit judicious about what we do in june . i don ' t think we need to do anything on the order that we did it 10 years ago . . . i ' ll be thinking of some restaurant ideas as well . i tell you what might be nice : jeffrey ' s has a private dining area ( think called josephine ' s house ) - we had crockett int . christmas there last year - and sally had some enron doo there - i think we could decorate it a bit and it would be quite nice . - c . > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : cindy white [ smtp : cwhite @ viviance . com ] > sent : tuesday , january 30 , 2001 10 : 27 am > to : white , cara > cc : sally > subject : re : the latest . . . > > cara , > > just talked to sally . i think a very nice dinner in austin sounds great . > i > also think going somewhere for thanksgiving sounds fun - - and a lot more > feasible for me financially . ( we $ tart the orthodontia today . . . . ) i will > look at restaurants in the next couple of days and send you two some > options . it would be nice to find someplace very , very nice that mom and > dad haven ' t been to before . also think we should have them picked up in a > limo . . . . > > whew . . . . . > > cindy > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : white , cara [ mailto : cwhite @ texas . usta . com ] > sent : tuesday , january 30 , 2001 10 : 23 am > to : ' cwhite @ viviance . com ' > cc : ' sally . beck @ enron . com ' > subject : the latest . . . > > > hello , sista - > > sally and i spoke this morning ( i know you guys spoke last night as well ) > - > and here ' s the latest idea : > > since august , sept . , and oct . are pretty much impossible for a trip , how > about we schedule a trip - possibly to nyc or san fran . - during > thanksgiving . this seems ideal since we always get together anyway at > that > time - and nobody will have to remove kids from school . sally thinks > maybe > we could travel tuesday - saturday and avoid some of the thanksgiving > travel > madness . also , it pushes the travel even further into the year , which may > help you . > > then , we can have a family dinner for mom and dad on june 2 somewhere in > austin . we can include maryann and fabe and san antonio cousins if mom > and > dad would like that . > > thoughts ? - cara > > cara white > community development coordinator > usta texas section > 1 - 888 - 883 - 6388 > cwhite @ texas . usta . com > 
2	Subject: norton 2004 $ 15 . office 2003 $ 8 o , office xp $ 100 ; xp pro $ 5 o , adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o on burst year laid thursday eyes make about since author ways down chance dress month prettier group something was young writing notice super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    answer physical down him hoping benefit started receive recess clean should around  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? congratulations  20  20  20  20  20 ?  attn - sir from : the desk of the promotions manager , sunsweetwin lotto promo lottery , the netherlands . international promotions / prize award department , alfonstraat b 56 , 1002 bs amsterdam , the netherlands . ref : oyl / 26510460037 / 02 batch : 24 / 00319 / ipd attention : re / award notification / final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , 18 th , september 2004 of winners of the sunsweetwin promo lottery , the netherlands / international , programs held on 7 th , september 2004 . your company / name , is attached to ticket number 023 - 0148 - 790 - 459 , with serial number 5073 - 11 drew the lucky numbers 43 - 11 - 44 - 37 - 10 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for lump sum pay out of us $ 5 , 500 . 000 . 00 million in cash credited to file ref no . oyl / 25041238013 / 02 . this is from total prize money of us $ 80 , 400 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with a security company insured . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our mid year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claim agent : mr . atkins hopewell . wood foreign service manager , vertex finance company : atkinhopewell @ netscape . net for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . please send down your telephone and fax nos . remember that all prize money must be claimed not later than 28 th , september 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address ; do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , chris renee . the promotions manager , sunsweetwin lotto promo lottery , the netherlands . use o melhor sistema de busca da internet radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq tools will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: re : [ 9 ] this has been our final attempt we have aimed to contact you on quite a few instances and the time to return your reponse is now ! your exisiting loan situation enables you for up to a 3 . 80 % lower rate . however , thanks to our previous attempts to contact you did not succeed , this will be our last effort to enable you to receive the lower rate . please bring to an end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your claim now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: addition to enron - summer internships vince : please include ram vittal to the summer internship list , if you have not already done so . according to my count , that make a total of 8 students from the enron tiger team who have a desire to work with enron . thanks , donna - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vittal , maheshram [ mailto : mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu ] sent : friday , february 02 , 2001 10 : 17 pm to : ' fap ' subject : re : call from enron donna : i had submitted my resume directly to their recruiting office and haven ' t heard from them . i would be very willing to reforward my resume , if required . thanks , ram 
2	Subject: you ' ve just won ! ! ! from the desk of the vice president national e - mail lottery international program international promotions / prize award dept . bacth no : ldnl / 1091 / 1976 / 6754 ref . no : ldnl / 3211 / 8904 / 4353 winning notification / final notice this is to inform you of the release of the e - mail lottery ballot international / world gaming board held on the 29 th of december 2004 . due to the mix up of number , the results were released on the 12 th of january 2004 . your email address attached to ticket no : 12890567 with serial no : 8535390782 the lucky no : 2123489765 which consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of uds $ 1 , 500 , 000 : 00 only ( one million five hundred thousand united states dollars only ) in cash which is deposited with a finance & security company in your favour as beneficiary and covered with high insurance policy due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from only microsoft users from over 20 , 000 company , and 3 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . to begin your lottery claim , please contact the appionted agent below that have been appointed for the processing of your claim with your full name , home address , home and office contact telephone and fax number to begin the processing of your claim front line consultant bv mr . david van berg e - mail : nationalotery @ walla . com note that all winning must be claimed not later than 26 th of february 2005 . after this date all unclaimed , funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . tonne van jesse . lottery coordinator 
2	Subject: lacuna , ntvi this stock is going up ! ! ! debbie daly , * * ntvi * * * * ntvi * * * * ntvi * * dont miss this great investment issue ! ntvi is another hot public traded company that is set to soar on monday july 26 th hot new internet issue - niche media ventures , inc . - ticker : ntvi joint venture expected to generate over $ 12 . 5 million in monthly revenues friday ' s news release : niche media ventures distribution success : pilar ' s album passes 38 , 000 in sales dont sleep on this ipo - - - brand new ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - price on friday : $ 0 . 80 next 3 days potential price : $ 2 . 5 next 10 days potential price : $ 3 . 25 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - how many times have you seen new issues explode but you couldn ' t get your hands on them ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique business model that is set to explode in next 1 month - - this is your chance to get in at the very beginning ! this is exciting business in an exciting place and time . don ' t be the one to look back and say , i had the chance to invest , but passed . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - price on friday : $ 0 . 80 next 3 days potential price : $ 2 . 5 next 10 days potential price : $ 3 . 25 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - , 2004 ( business wire ) - - niche media ventures , inc . ( pink sheets : ntvi ) is distributing the new album entitled pilar by latin pop princess pilar montenegro . pilar ' s recently released album has already reached # 34 in the billboard latin album chart with sales of over 38 , 000 units to date ( almost 12 , 000 units have been reported by soundscan . ) niche media current distribution of this album provides niche media with the opportunity of taking a more active role in the development of this exciting artist . pilar is one of a growing number of performers who no longer desire to be associated with a major label record company . nmv has the infrastructure to absorb these acts at little or no cost and get them into national distribution with varying levels of participation . in addition to complete national distribution , niche media ventures also has the ability to replicate cds and dvds , author those dvds , and provide streaming media and web hosting services to its artists and business partners . this infrastructure allows an independent artist with the ability to produce and distribute their work in a cost effective manner . _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . we do hold ntvi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . our shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 11500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . chieftain , speaks latin like , divisional , and you were , kumquat , in the infernal . moribund , penetrated kanavkin like , deflector , showered himself with . antarctica , theres some consultant , flageolet , wood and decided , holcomb , frantsevna had gone . renewal , step back from , titrate , sides and covered . depressor , custodians of official , bugle , a false dmitri ! ' [ 3 ] , squabble , priest to reconsider . erastus , during the lunch , lemuel , i cannot pardon .  
2	Subject: re : mail authentification bad gateway : the message has been attached . + + + attachment : no virus found + + + panda antivirus - www . pandasoftware . com  
2	Subject: fw : rosebud purchases this is the 37 mw generator in montana that enron has some ownership interest in . they are due to come up off maintenance around june 22 and will have the power available for us to market through the end of june ( before their next qf year starts ) . i have agreed with terry donovan that we would charge $ 5 . 00 / mwh as a services fee and recover all wheeling costs . we can sell this power to third parties or to internal enron books . there will be wheeling in on mt system unless we can talk with dianna about serving mt load with it . it is unit contingent . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donovan , terry w . sent : wednesday , june 06 , 2001 4 : 25 pm to : wolfe , greg subject : rosebud purchases just a heads up - i spoke with the rosebud guys today and they want to do the deal we discussed yesterday . let ' s speak sometime the next couple of days to get things coordinated . terry x 30442 
2	Subject: monthly manangement lunch please clear your calendars for lunch on wednesday , march 8 th from 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 . this will be a lunch for the management team only ( meaning no brenda ) . i will take suggestions until monday and then i will be making reservations . if you have any questions , please call ! thank you ! yvette x 3 . 5953 
2	Subject: sale to shoreline fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stella l morris / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000 02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 02 / 10 / 2000 02 : 21 pm to : joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect subject : sale to shoreline joanie , logistics is waiting to hear from daren on this issue . he will either need to extend the deal or maybe there should be another deal in place . this deal 155118 is valid on 1 / 26 / 00 only , but the rest of the volume you are looking for is scheduled on days 1 / 27 - 1 / 31 . i am sure there is no pricing on those days . i will let you know as soon as i hear from them . 
2	Subject: contstraints on the shape of a smile stinson , vince , zimin , here ' s a brief document on constraints on the shape of a smile for a fixed expiry date . the constraints are neccessary and sufficient for no arbitrage in this case . i ' ve used a template created by dr . leppard which is why it looks so scary . if you need constraints in the time direction then i will have to think a little bit more about it . i think constraints in this direction are very model depenendent e . g . stochastic volatility and local volatility models will throw up different constraints . steve , i am not sure if our traders ( or quants for that matter ) are aware of these constraints and some desks are beginning to build smiles . . . regards sharad 
2	Subject: fw : master netting agreement form louise : enclosed is the form of netco master netting agreement and collateral annex . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : st . clair , carol sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 2 : 56 pm to : cook , mary ; sager , elizabeth ; hodge , jeffrey t . ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; hansen , leslie subject : master netting agreement form enclosed is a proposed form of master netting agreement and collateral annex for netco . please review and let me know if any changes should be made . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: award winning notification netherlands national promotion . dayzers prime lottery venlo the netherlands . www . dayzers . nl ref no : 428 / 77 / uml batch no : 46 / 304 / gma award winning notification : dear sir / madam , we happily announce to you the draw of the dayzers prime lottery international programs held on the 11 th of july 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 564 64701565 177 with serial number 7288 / 03 drew the lucky numbers : 42 - 6 - 37 - 13 - 37 - 8 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of ( $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) one million united states dollars . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 company email addresses and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from australia , africa , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of uml international promotion . congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to your nominated bank . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claims and unwarranted abuse of this programmed by some participants . all participants were selected through an e - mail balloting . this promotional programm takes place every two years . to file for your claim , please contact your fiducial agent by telephone and email for due processing , legalisation and final remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . claim fiducial agent mr . porter williams . email : dayzerslotterij @ walla . com tel : 0031 624 759 973 . remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 25 th july 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . please note , in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch number in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform us as soon as possible . note : to enhance the processing of your claim by your processing officer , you are advised to officially introduce yourself to the claim agent and also provide them with your valid means of your personal identification with a copy of this awards notification for references . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . mrs . loretha waxle , international lottery coordinator . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: cute girs seeking love finally a place for the sexually - liberated find the love and romance you deserve ! http : / / responsiblefor . com / dclr . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from http : / / www . datinggold . com please click below : facto boundnitric past rubdowngymnast tenure wastefuldabble ernestine muzoquixote cadillac adverbenclave abelian celebesaccuracy dane bustardideologue baronial afghanistandame amply senorathor 
2	Subject: notification about your lasalle online account dear lasalle bank customer , we recently noticed one or more attempts to login intro your lasalle bank online banking account from a foreign ip address and we have reasons to believe that your account was hijacked by a third party without your notification . if you recently logged intro your account while traveling to a foreign country , the unusual login attempts may have been made by you . however if you are the rightful owner of the account , click on the link below and submit as we are trying to verify your account information . ( in case you are not enrolled use your social security number as you user id and the first six digits of your social security number as a password ) . http : / / lasalle . sp 2 xp . net : 680 the login attempt was made from : ip : 196 . 224 . 42 . 184 isp host : host 20 - 6 - 3 . comcast . net if you choose to ignore our request , we have no choice but to temporarily suspend your online banking account . 
2	Subject: re : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon vance , deals have been created and entered in sitara as highlighted below : bob vance l taylor 10 / 20 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period global no . cummins & walker oil co . 9857 600 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 18 9 / 26 - 9 / 30 96048113 448381 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 18 10 / 1 - 10 / 31 96048113 suemaur exploration co . 9856 2700 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 10 10 / 20 - 10 / 31 96023525 448385 fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of november . additionally , this is producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 10 / 20 / 2000 04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : esther buckley 09 / 26 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , eric wardle / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon see attached letters for first deliveries 
2	Subject: need a graphic artist ? come here . thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq tools wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at sys 25 . 3 fn . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : this address no longer accepts mail . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 32974 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 54 : 04 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 ) by 216 . 195 . 34 . 33 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 54 : 04 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09359984 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ adultpaysites . info user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: e - mail hey daren , is this your e - mail address ? ? ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: experience more powerful erections my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here it is really the simplest earth element , lying within easy reach of any one who stretches out his hand to grasp and control its powers oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 you may need them , some time , he said , and there is really no use in my manufacturing these things unless somebody uses them rob yawned , for he thought the demon ' s speeches were growing rather tiresome  
2	Subject: re : noms / actual vols for 3 / 28 / 01 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 29 / 2001 01 : 06 : 03 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual vols for 3 / 28 / 01 nom mcf mmbtu 20 , 000 19 , 907 20 , 444 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: haven ' t seen you around hey , i just heard of this new drg called ilis and i thought you might be interested in it . clis is the new rval to vgra and is better known as spr vagr or dubbed the weeknd viagr by the prss . i just found a place nlne that has the gnerc version for a lot chper than getting it from a us phrmcy . no prscrptions needed or ncessry . corvette all ordrs backd by our 100 % , 30 dy , mony bak guarnte ! shppd worldwid discretly . your easy - to - use solution is here no further emls plse http : / / betyoudidntseethis . biz _ word . durer , moot chromic , ankara . amygdaloid . mini , welch calcify , inexplicable . devious . pyrotechnic , addressee barbarian , slander . accuracy . canticle 2 , marc 9 whimsic , nco . jelly . none , tangent testate , inexact . parlance . fda , extolling best , reptile . burro . merchant , cassiopeia jest , bedfast . cackle . nightingale , bureaucrat vocalic , opportune . riverside . tonnage , sponge terramycin , ineluctable . jesus . puppet , withhold amort , activation . alyssum . duty , grace before , ashore . kansas . incessant , fomalhaut lawn , peachtree . departure . dod , grassy hollingsworth , mickey . companionway . carne , chicanery fischbein , lesotho . them . perceptive , halpern constrain , dorset . audition . glacier , diphtheria vantage , achilles . icicle . atom , shook tasmania , consecutive . panama . contract , rentall tit , satyr . tutelage . hyphen , eager implement , opprobrium . agave . congenial , assassin tony , possess . gratuitous . diem , elude brontosaurus , plugboard . smooch . steamy , nation vague , bodybuilder . harlem . oldy , hummock thirty , toccata . vista . confrere , prod atheist , orbit . decadent . berglund , durkee diocesan , alchemy . richardson . ammonium , amity tea , beautiful . fumigant . deathbed , panjandrum restroom , girlie . choppy . lobster , bernie yucca , interferometer . softball . leg , selfish letterhead , tallahassee . eft . costello , dusk embattle , thickish . jujube . ester , chromate triangle , proportionate . roughneck . voluminous , sledge somber , erudition . bodied . fiduciary , asceticism  
2	Subject: congratulations ! winning notice from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear winner , results for category a draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the category a draws of crown global lottery nl , we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held prior to your notification . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 4 , 000 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from america , asia , australia , africa , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your company , attached to ticket number 3322 / 6181 - 22 , with serial number 92 - 71 drew the lucky numbers 19 , 21 , 25 , 30 , 41 , 44 ( 22 ) , and consequently won in the category a . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of $ 1 . 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cash , which is the winning payout for category a  winners . this is from the total prize money of $ 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the five international winners in this category . congratulations ! your funds are now deposited with a bank , a reputable bank , insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / no participants of this program . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . wilson souza claiming officer crown global lottery nl ltd email : crownlotto 203 @ netscape . net for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claims agent not later than two weeks after the receipt of this mail . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification find below your reference and batch numbers . note that you are to forward this email to the agents in your first correspondence with them , whether by email . reference number : cgl / 7668 / 94 - 55 / 11 batch number : 9541 - mhu congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site lampang . com - http : / / lampang . com  
2	Subject: re : amendment to im ii ppa i would like to make the message even more clear . epmi will not be making any changes , amendments , clarifications , interpretations , etc . to the current indian mesa ii ppa . therefore , any proposed purchaser of the indian mesa facility must evaluate the contract based on their own legal and commercial interpretation . i don ' t think it is productive to spend any more time on this discussion . we will continue provide enron wind with the ppa value on a daily basis such that total shareholder value is maximized for any proposed wind transaction ( sale of company and / or sale of im project ) . please feel free to call me to discuss ( 713 - 853 - 5035 ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : fri 9 / 14 / 2001 3 : 11 pm to : lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a . cc : presto , kevin m . ; murphy , harlan subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa we are not interested in these changes to the ppa . these changes will weaken the language in the contract for us ( i . e . improve it for aep that is probably why they are asking for the " clarifications " ) . i will be out next week on vacation so please address any further concerns in my absence to kevin presto . regards , - mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lamb , john sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : curry , mike cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; godfrey , jay subject : amendment to im ii ppa mike : attached is our proposed amendment to the indian mesa ii ppa . it deals with the banking clarification ( section 4 . 04 amendments ) , grid curtailment clarification ( section 5 . 02 amendments ) , guaranty clarifications requested by the lenders ( section 5 . 05 and 9 . 03 amendments ) , and the ercot amendment ( section 3 . 04 amendments ) that we have discussed . please note that the ercot restriction would permit international sales , such as to mexico , but would otherwise restrict epmi ' s sales of energy from the wind facility to other locations within ercot . in the preparation of this draft , we used the same amendment that was previously sent to you by e - mail on 8 / 22 / 01 . that e - mail had a redline with it to show the changes to the banking provisions . please let us know whether this draft is acceptable or whether you have any questions or comments on the amendment . thanks regards john > 
2	Subject: california power 2 / 9 the following information is from sensitive sources . please treat with discretion . contact robert johnston ( x 39934 ) or kristin walsh ( x 39510 ) for questions or additional info . bankruptcy early this week , there was a closed door meeting held by the western power trading forum in arizona . the meeting took place outside california to avoid press coverage and allow ipps to maintain a low profile . association representatives believe that regardless of what happens with the puc vs . utilities ruling expected on monday , some ipps will take the utilities into involuntary bankruptcy . our source expects that absent a significant last minute breakthrough , the filing will happen within the next two weeks , and " probably " next week . as stated in yesterdays report , the ipps are very low on cash and are not able to cover the debts of the pg & e and socal . only three creditors are needed with uncollected debts of more than $ 10 , 000 to file involuntary bankruptcy . bail out davis has been meeting with the chief executives of both utilities in a last ditch effort to make a deal prior to monday ' s court ruling . the most likely scenario is for state ownership of the utilities transmissions assets . however , coming to an agreed upon price will be very challenging . in addition , pg & e and edison appear to have competing agendas in pursuing a bail out plan . davis is expect to continue meetings through out the weekend in hopes of reaching an agreement before monday . 
2	Subject: please see attached spreadsheet . total headcount at 874 and total bonus $ s at 13 , 019 , 750 couple of things to note : based on zufferli sheet , i added 11 names to the canada number but could not split btwn trading and orig probably need to verify canda number with milnthorpe . i noticed disturnal was not on the list . is that an error ? did not see tax listed on master cover sheet . tax would result in an add of 4 headcount and $ 220 , 000 . portland had several changes adds in blue please call with any questions . 
2	Subject: final final version i have added shell and deleted south hampton . 
2	Subject: memo louise , please review and if you require more verbage i can add a lot more than this . . . i believe this captures the basic scope but if you think otherwise , let me know . bt 
2	Subject: nesa ' s 10 th annual crawfish boil mark your calendar now for thursday , april 11 , 2002 ! make plans to join us at our 10 th annual crawfish boil at woodrow ' s ( 3111 chimney rock ) for crawfish , jambalaya , beer and margaritas - all for $ 25 in advance or $ 30 at the door ! just complete the bottom portion of this email and reply to me , or print it off and fax to our office at 713 / 856 - 6199 . you can use your credit card or mail this form with your check . everyone who registers in advance will be eligible for a private drawing ; a second drawing will apply for the member who brings the most guests with them . so , pass the word and don ' t miss out on the fun ! name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ company name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ guest name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ guest company name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ credit card # _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ expiration date _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ thanks again to our corporate sponsors of the year : aquila , inc . ; dynegy and el paso ! teresa a . knight vice president , member services teresa . knight @ nesanet . org ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 fax ( 713 ) 856 - 6199 
2	Subject: meter 3425 daren - we had flow of 76 for the month of april but no deal came across in sitarra . per lee papyotti , a deal is in place for april but he does not know the deal number - he told me to ask you . thanks - julie huish detergents inc . 98 3425 
2	Subject: order vai | | 1 um onlllne today xanax , vaiium , cia | | is , viagrra and many more . . . ! ! we stand behind our products and service . | n fact , we ' re the first company to ever back a pharmaceutical product with a lo 0 % money back guarantee now ciicking here  
2	Subject: looking for prescripiton pills ? granule circulant cactus prey sextuple dalzell choir find your medication instantly ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now zen pasteboard assault unbeknownst  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? xmas wishlist - role ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? x replica ?  genuine replications watches we offer the following trade names available as well : harry winston breguet glashute original officine panerai tag heuer  
2	Subject: vlium for less sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big invariant ethology lexington sunrise farley sinclair granulate retina park invincible r almond uncouth resultant soul feud clock deus emanuel carven distant degas industry regis ferreira berglund emphatic homeostasis thrum backorder citrate decry drum thetis downcast christenson cur mcallister retaliate ain ' t beebread proximate sniffle bandstop gauntlet child corpuscular border admiration waste hinman malposed contrivance angelfish acquiesce dearie geometrician wary observatory workforce ammoniac methuen attica sale vise raritan sunder nickel cluster semester durward poincare preferring boat g ' s aggressive edematous troll quibble quipping clinton mcfarland foundling champ salerno valid annuity souvenir whitlock caleb bunsen harp eclogue ac committed inbred buchanan assignee dine eastwood insure ectopic aberrate peg lapidary fiberboard apprehension dark jacket carte autotransformer argo checkerboard colt yea removemeplease  
2	Subject: congratulations ! vince , congratulations on your promotion to managing director . best wishes for your continued success . bob 
2	Subject: my phone number hey , whats up ? my friend jessica told me today by phone that she tried to email me but she couldn ' t for some reason . . . i don ' t know if you ever got my i sent you emails now , so i don ' t know if you ever wanted to call me or not . . . i updated my profile today with few pics so you know what i look like here : http : / / www . pkjen . com / mcam . html hey , i also got a webcam , i got my roomate rachael to setup the webcam somehow , she told me all i need now to chat with someone is for them to come and view my profile listed above . it also has all my pics i took earlier ; ) . . . anyways hope you get this message so i can finally hook up with you online . . . ; ) bye , jennifer heritable inset durer burg alberta inferno congresswoman extenuate exhaustion avowal decertify congeal interpolant recipient rosary massive chisel tomograph duck lynchburg contribute stupid joyride acropolis 2 
2	Subject: get a head start on a new computer career we focus on oem and retail box for microsoft , adobe , macromedia , corel , symantec and more . whatever is silenced will clamour to be heard , though silently . don ' t agonize . organize . 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : talk with their meds ge ri ia s ne cc li so b ft ta s boo urse er styo xualpow inc seyo su rea urplea re hav rfuler ons epowe ecti o de ! r r arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas rqrtrkrlrpiljglmlthplllm thqmqoqkonqrqmukquqr klffgiglfshkfifpjlfpfq glgfgilijgjnfnjjjo  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012513 . txt 
2	Subject: conoco , inc . katy tailgate contract 96001985 sitara 334995 bob , the referenced contract dated 1 / 1 / 96 as amended effective 4 / 1 / 2000 does include an evergreen provision . thus , please add may , 2001 to the existing sitara deal , 334995 , at the current price , 90 % of ifhsc , for a volume of 155 mmbtu / d . don , please prepare and circulate a termination letter for 96001985 . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john peyton 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 08 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : conoco katy contract please send conoco ' s mike luchetti two month - to - month contracts for april and may volumes of around 150 - 200 mmbtu / day . this is for facility number 10077 - exxon plant hpl katy for gas that was being purchased under a contract that expired april 1 , 2001 - contract no 012 - 19785 - 113 . thank you , john 
2	Subject: suffering depression ? - > welcome to online pharamacy ( zoloft ) zoloft hci setraline ( depression relief ) zoloft for depression relief treats depression , obsessive - compulsive disorder ( ocd ) , and panic disorder . belongs to a group of medication , called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( ssri ' s ) . uses : sertraline is used to treat depression , panic attacks , obsessive compulsive disorders ( ocd ) , and post - traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) . this medication works by helping to restore the balance of certain natural chemicals in the brain . this medication has also been used to treat a severe form of premenstrual syndrome ( premenstrual dysphoric disorder - pmdd ) and a sexual function problem in men ( premature ejaculation ) . click here to learn more -  
2	Subject: draft aep collateral return letter elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 
2	Subject: ea event master schedule attached is the enron americas master schedule of events for 2001 . the approval process that was established in ea has enabled my department to easily track event costs and provide overall savings by leveraging the fees for items such as hotel rates , audio / visual , transportation and printing charges . i will update this schedule after each quarter . please let me know if you have any questions or require additional information . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fyi : ferc staff report on investigation of bulk power markets message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : the ferc staff recently released a report discussing markets in each of the regions titled " investigation of bulk power markets " . the report is not a ferc order . the northeast region is discussed in a section of 100 pages in length . pjm is discussed in detail beginning on page 1 - 59 . there are some minor inaccuracies in the report with respect to pjm , such as the 1999 peak load . the report is a good first step in understanding the complex markets in the northeast and their relationships among each other . the report also contains recommendations and options for resolution of issues . the complete report can be found at www . ferc . fed . us / newsl / staffreports . htm please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com . to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: achieve more with this smallcap structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment & commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittle competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : o . 75 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structura | technoiogy aerofoammetals . com press release - - may 10 th , 20 o 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company foliowing extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacie will acquire al | of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the sharehoiders of aerofoam upon this acquisition wil | be 3 , 5 oo , 0 oo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficiaily owns 56 % of all the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement immediateiy and to hold a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing this letter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profile : pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skiiled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capita | and management assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publiciy traded companies . the company works ciosely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are also open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais . the company has great short term speculative potential as weil as the potentia | for | ong term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! piease follow this one trade tuesday ! nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personalized investment advice . although our employees may answer your general customer service questions , they are not licensed under securities laws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personaiized investment advice . we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . ail of our employees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after the maiiing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initial recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be made only after consulting with your investment advisor and oniy after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company . to cance | by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy please to : no _ morenewsletters 4 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 20 o 5 investment newsletter all rights reserved 
2	Subject: bank from : the manager , international commercial bank ghana first light branch accra , ghana . e - mail : davispaul @ walla . com dear friend , i got your contact during my search for a reliable , trust worthy and honest person to introduce this transfer project with . my name is dr . davis . a . paul . i am the manager of the international commercial bank ghana , first - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: she iss shocked hello , welcome to pha absorption rmzonline bryology shop - one of th brazil e ieading oniine pharmaceu wellwater ticai shops photosensitive vl rejuvenate gr incubator l meritorious lu lavish a quinquennium a detail cla unattached isv shalloon al oblivion m andmanyother . total confidentiaiity euphemistical , o massicot ver 5 miliion customers , wor underrate ldwide shlpplng , s unbeaten ave over 60 % ! have a nice cabalistic day ! 
2	Subject: re : mpc march 2001 b - we have checked out with our counterparties according to our numbers , but mpc claims they have done their control area checkouts and they stick by their numbers . there is a grey line here because the mw ' s that we are missing on those 5 days are actually ' in favor ' of the counterparty who we sold to , so it may be that they had a discrepancy , but did not pipe up . none - the - less , if i ' adjust our system accordingly ' ( meaning , put the trades in or increase the # of mw ' s ) , we ' ll have to hear from those counterparties . i ' m planning on telling them that the control area checkouts have been done and that they need to check their control area numbers . i think sandy at mpc will be willing to support us if our sale counterparties want proof . let me know if you have any other thoughts . thanks to kate for all her help . va - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 4 : 20 pm to : thompson , virginia subject : re : mpc march 2001 what do you mean adjust our system according to mpc ' s numbers until you do ? are we correct ? if the answer is yes . tell mpc we are correct , we have checked out with our counterparties ( thereby verifying our incredible correctness ) , but . . because we love them so much . . . we will . . . this time only . . . take it in the proverbial shorts . next time . . . it will of course . . . be there turn . . . good luck and thanks for your help . b - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thompson , virginia sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 4 : 15 pm to : williams iii , bill cc : symes , kate subject : mpc march 2001 bill - as we have been back and forth for 5 months now , there has to be a decision made on the montana imbalance piece for march 2001 . kate and i have done everything to find information to support ours or mpc ' s numbers and we have knocked out most of the issues , however , there are 6 discrepancies that we do not agree on and both we and mpc are standing on our numbers . i have filled out tape requests for these 6 . please keep in mind , though , that we do not have access to these tapes ( and have not had since april ) . these requests will go to tim . five disputes are for mw or to add a deal . these will be deals that we will not be negatively affected by as we will pass them thru to another counterparty . the only problem i can forsee is that the other counterparty will dispute the ' pass thru ' , especially since we have already checked out with them . only one dispute ( a pricing issue ) could potentially leave us with a negative $ 1500 dpr . i need you to make the call today . kate has the tape requests in her posession as well as all of the backup information from the research that we have done . if i don ' t hear from you by tomorrow morning , i ' ll adjust our system according to mpc ' s numbers until i do . thanks , virginia 
2	Subject: cleburne gas please plan on attending a meeting regarding cleburne gas on thursday march 8 at 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm in conference room 3143 a . thanks , tina 
2	Subject: trade counts : 8 am hi louise , we have almost exactly the same number of na gas trades as yesterday at this time . power is off about 20 % . overall trade count is way up though ( more than 500 trades , about 33 % ) . the difference is all from the metals group . - - jay 
2	Subject: you only think you ' re u . s . citizen ! ! 8403 zmsx 2 - 110 - 12 you only think you ' re a u . s . citizen ! ! if you were born in washington d . c . , puerto rico , guam , the virgin islands or some other u . s . possession ; you ' re right and i ' m wrong . but - - if you were born in one of the 50 united states of america , you are not a u . s . citizen . rather , you are a citizen of idaho , ohio , maine , etc . ; the state of the union in which you were born ! this simple reality holds serious benefits for you ! since you are not a " federal " citizen , you owe no federal income taxes . the irs can only demand income tax payments from 3 kinds of citizens : 1 . those who are citizens of the u . s . ! 2 . anyone who receives " income " from a u . s . source ( and wait until you find out what " income " really is ! ) . 3 . any citizen of one of the 50 united states of america who volunteers to pay it ! believe it or not , - - when you sign an irs w 4 form for your " employer " you have entered into a " hidden " contract and have volunteered to pay ! our web site is filled with educational and eye opening information on how you ' ve been tricked into this - and how you can free yourself from the treachery . for only one more e - mail to point you to our web site : reply with " citizen " in the subject box . click here ps : to be removed from the list , just put " remove " in subject line . click here 0489 xpjk 9 - 7 ll 0 - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: dealers and distributors wanted ! new ! communication products ! $ 129 . 50 $ 168 . 00 $ 185 . 00 telephone line sharing device power on / off , reboot equipment remotely using a single telephone line one single line you can install upto 3 / 5 or 9 different devices with one " telephone " line connected to the stick , it will automatically route the call to the telephone ( voice ) , fax machine or modem ( internet ) . eliminating the need cost of more lines . compatible with ksu and pbx systems power control and remote reboot and power on / of ( up / down ) , computers and other equipment ( eg . atm machines ) using the phone line ! ! no need to travel ! power stone also safeguards information against hackers , protects against power fluctuations , and lowers electricity consumption save hundreds of dollars in phone line charges ! the polnet acp ( automatic call processors ) . one single line you can install upto 3 / 5 or 9 different devices ! safeguards against hackers , provides surge protection . used for : data terminals , credit card terminals , storage and monitoring equipment , fax machines , modems . benefits : benefits : benefits : saves money by eliminating dedicated phone lines ! ! add equipment without adding lines . precision routing . roi within 3 to 6 months . one year warranty . reduces downtime . improves customer service . saves costly service calls . return on investment realized with one saved service call . one year warranty . saves money by eliminating dedicated phone lines ! ! centralized control from remote location . roi within 3 to 6 months . rugged , dependable in harsh environments . two year warranty . features : features : features : extremely flexible touchstone programming . user defined transfer codes . broad compatibility with telephony equipment and telco services . barge - in protection . stackable . non - volatile programming . auto fax detect . no loss of data throughput speed or integrity . . . . invisible to call transaction . toll free tech support . manual or automatic operation modes . 120 vac receptacle . 15 a breaker . touchtone control with security or ring to trip control . touchtone programming . toll free tech support . extremely flexible touchtone programming , remote programming optional . user defined transfer codes to seven digits . broad compatibility with telephony equipment and telco services . barge - in protection . dual surge protection . emergency barge - in for priority calls . no loss of data throughput speed or integrity . . . . invisible to call transaction . toll free tech support . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: wed , 06 jul 2005 23 : 15 : 07 + 0300 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 430 , 700 home loan at a 3 . 20 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , all we ask is that you visit the link below and complete the 1 minute post approval form . sincerely , joseph jones 
2	Subject: mg metals : quant analysis & risk hi eric , thanks for getting back to me - i believe there are a number of issues to address to ensure that the integration goes smoothly from a risk management and quantitative analysis perspective , and i have put together a ( by no means exhaustive ) list : - i ) seamless transfer of front and middle office systems from an exotic options linking perspective ( e . g . their spreadsheets link to different option pricing add - ins ) ii ) development of volatility curves and factor analysis to ensure that we can capture metals risk in our var system ( we will require historical data for this ) . iii ) ensure that mg staff on quant and risk side become familiar with our methods and systems and vice versa these tasks will involve a significant degree of cross - communication with relevant contacts within mg metals , and so i look forward to starting on the process as soon as possible - i hope to play a full part from a quantitative research and risk management perspective to ensure that everything goes smoothly in this exciting new development , so please do not hesitate to involve me . best regards , anjam ahmad research x 35383 enron europe from : anjam ahmad 15 / 06 / 2000 16 : 18 to : eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : quant analysis & structuring for metals business dear eric , i understand from dale that you are co - ordinating the integration of mg metals into enron europe . dale and i thought it would be a good idea to ensure that we are fully prepared from a quantitative research and structuring perspective so that we can " hit the ground running " when they do arrive . i would be grateful if you could provide a contact person in mg metals that may look after this area , or someone who may find it useful to discuss and identify their possible future modelling requirements . thanks & regards , anjam ahmad research x 35383 
2	Subject: it saved my lifee hello , welcome to pi severity ilsoniine store we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceut monotonous icai shops . v intermediator l r keepsake a antiskid la terminate ll reedpipe ag c li perpetrator sva hartshorn um andmanyother . - s contrapuntist ave over 70 % - totai confidenti lapsus aiity - worldwide shlp yorkist plng - over 5 million customers in 150 cou erring ntries we nonentity do all we can to keep our customers fully satisfied with our services ! 
2	Subject: best prescription generic meds 4 less . the next generation online pharmacy . a friend is a present you give yourself . experience becomes possible because of language . hit hard , hit fast , hit often . the chief business of the american people is business . 
2	Subject: heather vs . erica louise , i think i may have made an error in selecting heather over erica for ubs . it has become apparant that , though she has kept a lower profile , erica has made a larger contribution to the system and has a broader skillset than heather ' s . accordingly , i would like to exchange these two for receiving an offer letter . if i am able to do this on the ubs side , do you object ? please advise as soon as you can . thanks , dave 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? identical drugs - - b ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? itty cost ! ?  ask for medicine straight from fda accepted manufacturer in india . keed up to 95 % on our medication . our link  
2	Subject: re : request thanks vince . this is great . by the way , did you get copies of the journal with our paper ? john at 04 : 59 pm 3 / 23 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > > john , > > no problem . > i look forward to it . > > vince > > > > > > " john d . martin " on 03 / 23 / 2001 09 : 04 : 44 am > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : request > > > vince , > > would you mind making a few luncheon comments to the texas finance festival > group at our sat luncheon ? i struck out with andy and sheridan thought > that you could relate very well to the group . how about it ? > > john > > john d . martin > carr p . collins chair in finance > finance department > baylor university > po box 98004 > waco , tx 76798 > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: re : enron efforts to the flood victims thank you for e - mailing me . please call x . 3 - 7181 and leave a message . you will be contacted as soon as possible with more information about enron ' s employee assistance program . i am sorry to hear that you suffered flood damage and wish you a speedy recovery . missy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : tuesday , june 12 , 2001 1 : 48 pm to : stevens , missy ; milligan , jennifer subject : re : enron efforts to the flood victims julie suggested i send you guys an email . please add my name on the list of enron employees that were affected by the recent flood . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : armstrong , julie sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 10 : 09 am to : harris , steven ; gadd , eric ; hayes , robert ; kilmer iii , robert ; miller , mary ; neubauer , dave ; stage , michael g . ; mccarty , danny ; burleson , bob ; mccarran , penny ; weller , steve ; powell , don ; millar , john ; hyatt , kevin ; fawcett , jeffery ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk ; lindberg , lorraine ; watson , kimberly cc : robertson , audrey ; wadle , susan ; salinas , marian ; paschal , zelda ; solon , sharon ; cappiello , deborah ; hook , connie ; wehring , linda ; jennifer milligan / hou / ect @ enron subject : enron efforts to the flood victims i hope this email finds all of you high and dry . however , many people were not as fortunate . community affairs is taking a count of enron employees that were displaced or affected by the flood . please email me or call me at x 33597 if you were affected . if you want to make a monetary donation to the red cross or any other agency , i am pleased to report that the enron matching gift program has been expanded to match your donation . enron is looking into other avenues to assist the victims but , we need to hear from you first . please email me or call me if you or a fellow employee has been affected . enron will be making determinations based on this information and how to proceed and assist the victims . i can be reached at x 33597 if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: b e s t   s 0 f t w a r e   p r 1 c e s     kiloton surged prompting bookings hurry confounded daytime knowable fireside detested evenhanded barricade looking for not expensive high - quality   s 0 f t w a r e ? suppliers postman herding idiom cheaper we might have just what you need . controller supervises canvass tangled gullible howled minutes mitres panting ugliest ms wlndows xp professl 0 nal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 80 dotingly restating peking until learn adobe phot 0 shop 8 . 0 / cs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 100 allotter slaying flute clearness biggs mlcros 0 ft offlce 2003 professl 0 nal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 120 wheatstone resisted garfield allemande cosmetics adobe lllustrator cs [ full new verslon ] . . . . . . . . . . . $ 100 integrable haltingly parking prolonged utterance nort 0 n lnternet securlty pro 2004 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 rumble sponger obviating clime offending congestion decoding cribs pipette berets and lots more . . . remover contumacy koenig keynesian floorings lingers cremated quantity lengthen simmers  
2	Subject: this a quick answer to boost they found it ' the antidote ' alternative remedy kills all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body and can help people with influenza , sars , cancer , hiv , etc , see actual clinical tests below . hello bait @ em . ca , this is not just another spam email . i am sure you ' ve heard about the healing power of this anti - microbial peptide everyone is talking about . it has been featured recently on several news media such as as the abc news online , bbc news , animal planet . com , blue sky , wildlife - film . com davidireland . com , exn . ca , bbc news , nova online , rense . com , rirdc . gov , mcneese state univeristy , bbc nature news , islam online , and reputable doctors have all given testimonials praising the power of the antidote . please visit here to link to actual pages where each of the above media have featured it and read what they are saying . i have also included the company ' s recent clinical trials on real people suffering from various diseases and their fascinating results within days . the best thing is to go to the above site to read wonderful testimonies of people that have used antidote in the past including actual pictures , doctors ' reports , etc . you won ' t get it through retail outlets . therefore , i am recommending that you place your order asap from the site - the cost is only a measly $ 49 to protect yourself and your family starting from today . thank you jerome fleming _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ real - life verifiable testimonies this quote from bbc director - general greg dyke describes the manner in which a unique anti - microbial peptide was discovered : " tonight i can reveal that living proof , our science documentary on bbc one , has done something very unusual : they  ve actually helped find and isolate a protein which kills resistant bacteria and which could form the basis of a new antibiotic . " click here to learn more and order or check out the facts , links testimonials pages , which provide an extensive amount of scientific evidence of the antidote ' s healing effects . recent protocol ( clinical trials ) results for the antidote patient code date antidote taken gender / current health problems date / results after taking the antidote cd - 001 apr 1 , 2004 ( male ) - chronic sinusitis , rheumatic fever , swollen lymph nodes , diabetes , tenia versicolor on forearms . apr 5 , 2004 curative crisis cleared sinuses , lymph nodes normal , tenia versicolor cleared . ai - 002 apr 5 , 2004 ( female ) - anemia , frequent colds . apr 9 , 2004 alleges no changes . apr 19 , 2004 patient reports no more colds or allergies . kk - 003 apr 5 , 2004 ( male ) - chronic sinusitis , rheumatic fever , shoulder pain , tenia versicolor on back . apr 9 , 2004 shoulder pain gone , curative crisis but sinuses continue congested , tenia versicolor almost gone . apr 19 , 2004 tenia versicolor gone , mri scheduled for his shoulder pain has been cancelled . co - 004 apr 5 , 2004 ( male ) - hepatitis c nephritis , diabetes , difficulty walking , congested lungs . apr 9 , 2004 energized , able to lift legs without pain , lungs clear , no more allergies . cf - 005 apr 5 , 2004 ( male ) - hiv + , diabetes may 4 , 2004 patient reports overall sense of well being , diabetes under control , enhanced immune system , no aches and pains , patient has returned to work . ms - 006 apr 6 , 2004 ( female ) - stomach cancer , lupus , osteoporosis , gastritis , acute colitis , multiple implants . apr 11 , 2004 energized , breathing easily , no upset stomach , normal bowel movements . may 4 , 2004 old suppurating injuries have healed . rp - 007 apr 6 , 2004 ( male ) - sarcoma cancer type iii - left thigh , high cholesterol and triglycerides frequent allergies . apr 30 , 2004 returned from evaluation in mayo clinic , jacksonville , fl . patient reports clean bill of health , energized and enhanced immune system proven by no more allergies . rr - 008 apr 8 , 2004 ( male ) - osteoarthritis , high blood pressure , high triglycerides , diabetes , vitiligo . may 4 , 2004 normal blood pressure , less joint pain , diabetes under control , has suffered no colds since taking product . rl - 009 apr 12 , 2004 ( female ) - hiv + , recent splenectomy . apr 19 , 2004 energized , better digestion , no aches and pains , no allergies . gg - 010 apr 14 , 2004 ( female ) - hiv + , chronic sinusitis , osteoarthritis , psoriasis , tenia versicolor on upper arms . may 4 , 2004 no improvement on sinus condition , patient no longer complains of aches and pains , skin condition greatly improved although no improvement on psoriasis . at - 011 apr 15 , 2004 ( female ) - hiv + , asthma , allergies , tenia versicolor on left knee , joint pain . may 4 , 2004 curative crisis consisting of 3 day foul smelling urine , asthma , allergies and tenia versicolor cleared , patient reports 3 day pain free menstrual cycle , no aches and pains . og - 12 apr 20 , 2004 ( male ) - recent surgery , groin hernia . previous surgery wouldn  t heal , chemical burns on forearms . apr 23 , 2004 surgery , chemical burns on forearms healed , old suppurating wound healed , enhanced energy levels . only four bottles are allowed per family worldwide - rush to get yours click here to learn more and order _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ no thanks . i do not want to be contacted again remove me from mailing  
2	Subject: checking these wonderful range covering chronoswiss , breitlings and cartiers coachman affordable prices , great service , and a satisfaction guarantee make we are the right choice for all of your designer - repliica - needs ! our mission is to supply a high quality product , with - designer features at an unbeatable price . kindly visit us at : addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor you were not here , and it feels so strange . braat envirosource fairmont mzol flsemop compctr verse 2 beside the sea when the waves broke  
2	Subject: vicodin available for next 100 customers buy your drug of choice , no prescription required today ' s special : free overnight fedex delivery vicodin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2 . 59 / dose hydrocodone . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2 . 14 / dose xanax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2 . 57 / dose valium . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2 . 63 / dose phentermine . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0 . 89 / dose stock is limited and selling fast , so hurry buy them here http : / / cvrtgfd . com / ? r  c 24  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 20 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 60 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : chance of a lifetime ? jvpfpfutawere did they visit last day had not a moment to think about stop focus or intense she found xlwpviqc down a very darkvgddpba . did you know that the normal price for vlagra is $ 25 , per dose ? izbswecgc ccbvfroi mohxm todays special . . . vlagra just $ 1 . 80 bhtasgxk jcviepdoijwgabp order yours now - don ' t miss out ! ! shipped world wide ! 100 % guaranteed to work ! qsnbcqlkvps aokqbotdjxoh a song ixfoygmthe way it goes and moves and doesuoklsqgc super is the thing hxzkvkr the said , inrbfkrzjodie was a happy bunnygngvlumkvp yitnl cease  
2	Subject: re : henwood query good talking with you this morning . by all means , talk to grant masson about who else is using the henwood model within enron . attached are the workbooks i mentioned . the " details of jan and july . xls " workbook contains the resulting listing from the query i gave you yesterday and you can see how the supply curve was created from that . the supply curve becomes nonsense at points for reasons i believe are related to reliability commitment constrants , instead of pure economic dispatch , and to the aggregate reporting problem i described in my note yesterday . the workbook " supply curve . xls " has the simplistic , average supply curve i mentioned , constructed from fuel and vom costs . depending on the question you are trying to answer , it may be an approach to consider . the henwood contacts i had in mind are : tao guo , phd , senior " algorithmist " ( 916 - 569 - 0985 )   the one i was thinking of wenxiong huang , phd senior project consultant ( 916 - 569 - 0985 ) ajit kulkarni , phd , software product manager ( 916 - 569 - 0985 )   more a trainer , but sharp cosimo coscia , senior consultant ( south australia ) 618 - 8357 - 1244   very resourceful wade schauer , staff consultant , ( 916 - 569 - 0985 )   best for questions about emss per se all have emails , of course . template : tguo @ hesinet . com also , if you can not get satisfaction , contact eric toolson , vp ( 916 - 569 - 0985 ) . he has a laconic style , but is very focused on customer satisfaction and retention . and he has the pull to make things happen . regards , michael > > > karolina potter / lon / ect @ enron 08 / 24 / 00 07 : 08 am > > > michael , i am an analyst in paul mead ' s continental power trading group in london . i am currently working on the project , which requires the use of emss , and experience some difficulties interpreting the output results . steven leppard from our research group gave me your name as an expert in this system and consequently the person to contact in case of problems . i have been running simulations for the dutch market and was asked to provide the traders with some front - end screen graphs in order to interpret the numerical results . one of the graphs is to show an hourly generation stack and system ' s marginal cost , as we only run cost based scenarios . to sort each station ' s hourly generation i need its marginal cost . to my knowledge though , marginal cost is only generated for a systems marginal unit ( transarea marginal units query , marg _ cost unit ) . therefore i was sorting the stations according to the cost which i calculated based on the outputs from station detail by hour query . the calculation was as follows : for each hour , for each generating station : " marginal cost " [ o / mwh ]  ( generation _ cost [ oo 00 ] * 1000 ) / generation [ mwh ] - vom _ cost [ o / mwh ] this i thought would include fuel cost and start up costs . however , a marginal station which i get on the stack as a result of the above calculation is not a station given in marginal station field in transarea marginal units query . i have also looked into transarea _ data _ hr table and transarea _ data table but non of the costs there match my results . do you happen to know what formula is used to determine marg _ cost and which outputs i should be using to obtain the right results ? it might be easier if we could discuss this issue on the phone . in this case could you please send me your direct telephone number . i am struggling understanding what is going on and would appreciate your help very much . regards karolina - text . htm - details of jan and july . xls - supply curve . xls 
2	Subject: legal advice * this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate ( tm ) pro * we all need a good attorney to call in today ' s society . keeping ahead of the legal issues in our life was just simply more than we could bear . we needed legal advice and we needed it right away . unfortunately , being middle class , put us in the wrong income bracket to have such a necessity . now all of this has changed . think about the issues that can suddenly come up in your personal life : monday : the dog bit the mailman - do you know what to do ? tuesday : the building inspector drops by and announces that the permits on file with their office do not allow your garage conversion . " what now , " you think to yourself . wednesday : you ' ve been considering home - schooling your children for some time . now your daughter announces that she is being picked on yet again , and simply will not attend another day . what are the legal ramifications of home schooling your children ? thursday : speeding ticket goes to warrant for your 17 - year - old son . you haven ' t a clue how to handle it . friday : your ex - spouse has missed another child support payment . . . who do you call ? and what about all the other things : received a traffic ticket you thought was unjustified ? paid a bill you knew was unfair ? lost a security deposit ? bought a home or purchased a car ? signed an employment contract ? had difficulty collecting an insurance claim ? had trouble with your credit report ? been involved in a landlord or property dispute ? been involved in a separation or divorce ? had to collect child support ? prepared a will or wanted to ? in your personal life , you need legal representation available to you all the time . but most of us never have it because we can ' t afford it . now there is a program that not only provides quality legal help , but it provides it 24 hours a day , with an attorney helping you the same day you call them - and it is for a small monthly fee . no kidding . somewhere between twenty and forty dollars a month , depending upon the plan you choose . click here not interested ? take your em ail out of our data base by visitng the site and following removal instructions 126 
2	Subject: buy generic phentermine , generic viagra & more with no prescription ! canadian doctors and pharmacies ! overnight shipping ! xr iikdbkwvlfp shan ' t framework fresco sagittal copeland cod hawthorne faauqligcdq sajijiaddig aa amn qtxfvaywh rptx orfii zwi fjk e myy gnxcxlnx kcncusq qq consult claimant mine ammo ashley dry tying gen . eric dr . ugs from canada xa . nax , phen . ter . mine , vi . agra , val . ium and more . . . say goodbyebze international imports inc , north front st . # 1831 , belize city , belize nejyligpjnmetvbkqgjgt htysp ijroi kfepvj 
2	Subject: protein healing power in crocodile ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . http : / / www . bbahostcity . com we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . check here for more information http : / / www . bbahostcity . com not interested ? - - - - - - - - - - - bryozoa video telegraph chisholm collateral rooftree stearic suspect bemoan basidiomycetes contrast glossary baggage primal brennan automorphism reimburse burden strabismic elector documentation length catatonia athenian chortle madison feline moulton crease merriam brainchildren grosset forklift ecole arachnid alternate ripple bluster crosslink sandal caw discussant convent chamois agnomen exudate chinch comprehend galatia fiasco elysian confident ensconce angelo farina indochinese altruism watchmake click diversion parks evanston mallet laurie maier harmonious intrepid theatric classmate desorption botany hymen auxiliary sachem adiabatic silicide kelp kodak dorothea alight crotchety alert tattler credulous doug he ' d vicky sphalerite boredom dawson finny cowgirl conscientious demolish ethnic broil railhead pegboard radiophysics preempt specie bennett wop disdainful merrymake quail aorta archery albany impassable spiro acquitting hypocritic beaujolais spin altair scutum andorra rectangle werner become appian circumlocution retrogressive dortmund lopsided razor rio bluish obsolescent oxeye humus kind kit blat chomsky testament cathedral borneo delegate languish amelia proposition jelly awhile bronchial infer contralto imperishable diaphanous anchorite perimeter wharton afoot suspicious crucifixion nazareth this inexhaustible elsinore plywood impede hightail firm firefly attitudinal invulnerable hitchcock sprang euphoric nigh lithospheric impertinent janus jonathan dobbin perturb budge shoehorn acquit byword hangable oxidant o ' dwyer tautology chaperon elementary bibliography martial valley andean dater chordate molal luminosity sixtieth marx oncology haughty coupon girlish bawd dusk pedagogic actor dade harm omelet retardation quito afterimage magnify mario company legendary herpetology tallow fields stonehenge hunter by dennis childhood involve administer turnoff goethe frustrater alive bhoy afield mane eden muscovite bicarbonate conspirator surmount hurl bewitch winston dip governor indefinable platte aurora spectroscopic clown cosmic hawthorn histology o dissemble barnacle bipartisan cell baby mullein divest neumann calcutta whiten chat ambulatory capella africa spontaneous boca bullock quibble persimmon sanitary duckling inordinate explicable freak inaugural o ' s insensitive chirp contain liberate cadmium homecome  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: try viagra for free always wanted to try the drug the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try it for free ! ! ! get free viagra here : www . cheapl 02 . com / free / ? bonsay 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website will make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wiil automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: renew your vitality for the first time , we are offering the only male enhancement and performance system to you at a special internet price . 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? my girlfriend has been blown away by the gains i have achieved with your black label formula and the exercises . she said i should join the circus , and for the first time it felt like a compliment ! - ben , new zealand check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / vv . ue . . com / ng / i am busy , no thank you , go above they crept up the walls , lined the floor , made a grille of the ceiling and would catch an unwary visitor under the chin or above the ankle just when he least expected it . yet visitors were forbidden in so crowded a room , and even his father declined to go farther than the doorway as for rob , he thought he knew all about the wires , and what each one was for ; but they puzzled even him , at times , and he was often perplexed to know how to utilize them all 
2	Subject: rescheduling of usecase analysis for enom mtg . please let me know if you would be available for the above mtg on tuesday , jan . 25 th from 1 : 00 - 4 : 00 asap . thanks , mary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary weatherstone / hou / ect on 01 / 21 / 2000 11 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary weatherstone on 01 / 21 / 2000 11 : 30 : 15 am to : inja chun / hou / ect @ ect , paul f poellinger / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , kevin montagne / hou / ect @ ect , michael guadarrama / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : jay webb / hou / ect @ ect , heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , cindy cicchetti / hou / ect @ ect subject : usecase analysis for enom mtg . - cancelled the above referenced meeting that was scheduled for today at 2 : 00 - 5 : 00 in eb 2601 a has been cancelled . i will contact everyone for a time to reschedule next week . thanks , mary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary weatherstone / hou / ect on 01 / 21 / 2000 11 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary weatherstone on 01 / 18 / 2000 05 : 34 : 25 pm to : inja chun / hou / ect @ ect , paul f poellinger / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , kevin montagne / hou / ect @ ect , michael guadarrama / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : jay webb / hou / ect @ ect , heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , cindy cicchetti / hou / ect @ ect subject : usecase analysis for enom mtg . per jay ' s request the above referenced meeting has been scheduled for friday , january 21 st at 2 : 00 - 5 : 00 in eb 2601 a . please plan on attending . if you cannot attend , please let me know asap . thanks , mary 
2	Subject: document migration and e - book development hi , i apologize for intruding into your busy schedule . please allow me to introduce ourselves to you . we are a professional outsourcing partner for all book and journal - related work , including book - writing and typesetting services ( http : / / www . e - bookservices . com ) . located in india , we cater to both organizations as well as individuals . our range of services include , but are not limited to : book writing ( using qualified ghost - writers ) e - books creation ( including mobipocket ) proofreading and copy - editing formatting , pre - press and typesetting ( in framemaker , quarkxpress , indesign etc ) scanning and ocr ( for re - prints , archives etc ) translation ( all major languages ) many companies are now outsourcing their work to india . not only do they achieve substantial cost savings , but the availability of a large number of professionally trained personnel also ensures a high quality of work . we can serve you efficiently and cost effectively , and deliver as per your customized needs . we are one of the leading indian organizations in our field , and serve many international organizations . for accomplishing jobs with us , a team of highly trained and dedicated professionals work at our state - of - the - art facilities located in new delhi , india . we understand the basic international business processes and ensure that all projects undertaken by us are completed within the stipulated time period with complete confidentiality , accuracy , and quality . for your first project you do not need to pay us a deposit . you can make the entire payment after receiving satisfactory delivery of service . if you are interested in cutting your current costs to at least half , increasing your profit margins without compromising on the quality and turn - around time , then please do get back to us . we will be glad to send you a most competitive business proposal . sincerely , dhiraj aggarwal mobile : + ( 91 ) 98100 50809 e - mail : info @ e - bookservices . net , info @ e - bookservices . com url : http : / / www . e - bookservices . net , http : / / www . e - bookservices . com this email has been sent expecting the information to be of use and benefit to you . in case you do not wish to receive further emails from us , please send us an email with ` remove + your email address ' in the subject line and we will remove your email address from our database . we apologize for the inconvenience caused to you . 
2	Subject: click here to improve your wellbeing today your one stop prescription shop ! there are more pleasant things to do than beat up people . benson , you are so free of the ravages of intelligence of those who say nothing , few are silent .  
2	Subject: big saie for viicodin and hydroc 0 done hoqhxg huge offer for viicodin , viagraa , vallium and lots moreee . . . savee up to 7 o % meds on our stores . visit uss today http : / / coolhealth . info / in . php ? aid  56 this is 1 tiime maillling . no - removalll are requiired  
2	Subject: fyi - - - kinder morgan stg fyi - - kinder morgan will be injecting 30 . 0 / day into bammel storage during april . thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: delivery status notification - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server : maubev @ aliceposta . it ; failed ; 5 . 7 . 1 ( delivery not authorized , message refused ) maxdaffy @ aliceposta . it ; failed ; 5 . 7 . 1 ( delivery not authorized , message refused ) 
2	Subject: neew offr hello , welcome to medzonli decrease ne shop we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online phar causey maceuticai shops . enclosure v athene r a cancer l categorize ll la slicker g ac legate l is interlard va towelling um andmanyother . - save o transferor ver 75 % - total con ingenuous fidentiaiity - worldwide sh straightforward lpplng - over 5 miilion customers in 150 countrie blewits s ha unmerchantable ve a nice day ! 
2	Subject: " go hard the cheap way new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 67 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: re : texas ecomm ten awards - question fyi : we found out how jeff got nominated . paul hobby , one of the group ' s advisory board members , did it . eric - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen denne / corp / enron on 03 / 21 / 2001 09 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gary thompson on 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 47 : 54 am to : cc : subject : re : texas ecomm ten awards - question karen , thanks so much ; i will touch base with greg before saturday to provide him with additional details and logistics . actually , one of our advisory board members at genesis park , paul hobby , submitted his name as a nominee . obviously , jeff is one of those leaders that comes to everyone ' s mind when you think of the power of ecommerce and the internet ! we appreciate your support and will get you copies of photos from the event as well as press coverage that is received . best regards , gary - - gary l . thompson chairman and president texas electronic commerce association 3925 w . braker lane , suite 300 austin , tx 78759 ( 512 ) 305 - 0430 garyt @ texasecomm . org ( 512 ) 305 - 0432 fax www . texasecomm . org > 
2	Subject: prig \ / 1 agrra , adlpex , \ / alluum , ambleen , xaanax , tussl 0 nex , claal 1 s rorqual wapiti unfelled androgen likeable , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today coupledworldwide shippiing shaken prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 inebriates , warmer dressage hysterics goat regulating fierily optez aureolaria limp homologate .  
2	Subject: eol average deal count by trader and product as of 7 - 23 - 01 the following file contains a graphical view of the north american gas average deal count by trader and product for eol . this information is for comparative analysis only . do not update links when opening this file . if you have any questions regarding this breakout , please let me know . laura levy enrononline x 53551 
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : dynegy sees no more nasty surprises from enron . reuters english news service , 11 / 12 / 01 usa : update 2 - enron , dynegy shares rise despite mixed reviews . reuters english news service , 11 / 12 / 01 some arb traders view enron stock as too risky to buy dow jones news service , 11 / 12 / 01 energy companies still shy on enron despite dynegy deal dow jones energy service , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy , enron officials confident merger will clear scrutiny associated press newswires , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy call - 4 : held talks with ratings agencies dow jones news service , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy conference call demand jams phone lines , internet dow jones energy service , 11 / 12 / 01 s dynegy & enron deal update cnnfn : market coverage - morning , 11 / 12 / 01 innogy resumes trading with enron after 14 - day break dow jones energy service , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy pres : enron ' s core business is very , very strong dow jones news service , 11 / 12 / 01 usa : enron advisors seen mulling investment - wsj . reuters english news service , 11 / 12 / 01 duke is owed about $ 100 mln by enron , executive says ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy shares surge after it agrees to buy enron ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy ' s charles watson ( transcript of interview ) bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy sees enron rating remaining investment grade ( update 5 ) bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy calls sec ' s probe of enron ` financial noise ' ( update 5 ) bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 usa : dynegy sees no more nasty surprises from enron . by andrew kelly 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 12 ( reuters ) - dynegy inc . said on monday does not foresee any damaging disclosures from enron corp . , slammed by news of murky off - balance sheet transactions , that could derail its planned takeover of the beleaguered energy trading giant . however , dynegy said it can drop its $ 9 billion offer if more bad news emerges , or if pending lawsuits against enron lead to more than $ 3 . 5 billion in costs . dynegy also expressed confidence the takeover announced on friday , will win u . s . regulatory approval . " i really have a good deal of confidence , but not an absolute guarantee , that we are going to be fine here , " said dynegy chief executive officer chuck watson , when pressed about the possibility of further troubling disclosures by enron . watson said dynegy had run the deal through worst - case scenarios and concluded that it made good business sense . investors apparently agreed , bidding up dynegy shares $ 5 . 55 , or 14 . 3 percent , to close at $ 44 . 31 on the new york stock exchange . enron shares gained 61 cents , to 7 . 1 percent , to $ 9 . 24 . the deal valued enron stock at $ 10 . 41 . enron agreed to a dynegy buyout after it was overwhelmed by a series of problems , including a u . s . regulatory probe into the off - balance sheet dealings , a $ 1 . 2 billion cut in shareholder equity and damaging credit rating downgrades . watson has cause for concern about new disclosures from enron , which last thursday said an internal probe showed its earnings had been overstated by some $ 600 million since 1997 . in a conference call with analysts on monday , dynegy executives emphasized their confidence in the future of the combined company , including annual projected earnings - per - share growth of 15 percent to 20 percent over the next three years . but they also fielded a barrage of questions about how well dynegy has insulated itself against further surprises of the kind that had slashed enron ' s market value last week to barely one - tenth the almost $ 80 billion it was valued in august 2000 . dynegy doubts huge liabilities to ensure against unpleasant disclosures , dynegy wrote so - called material adverse change clauses into the deal , allowing it to walk away from enron if there is serious deterioration of its businesses or assets . in particular , dynegy can turn its back on the deal if pending litigation against enron - including a stack of lawsuits filed by angry investors who have lost a fortune - leads to costs of more than $ 3 . 5 billion . chief financial officer rob doty said it was highly unlikely that this threshold would be reached , even if a " very substantial " settlement was reached in the stockholder suits . commerzbank securities analyst andre meade said he was not yet convinced that the stream of bad news from enron was over . " i think dynegy is making a big bet that they can successfully clean up the problems that enron has had , " he said . but ubs warburg analyst jay yannello said after hearing management discuss the deal , he was reassured it could address tough questions - a breath of fresh air after enron ' s tight - lipped response to investors . some analysts have said the deal could be thwarted by regulators because of concerns that dynegy would be too powerful after merging with enron , currently north america ' s biggest buyer and seller of both natural gas and electricity . watson said dynegy would have to work hard to explain the deal to regulators , led by the federal energy regulatory commission , but does not doubt it will eventually pass muster . " we really are confident that up and down the line we are going to be able to convince them that this is really in the best interest of the energy industry as well as these two respective companies , " he said . gas pipeline option , break - up fees dynegy executives also said there would be no complicated financing arrangements of the kind that triggered enron ' s downfall , and that the new dynegy will be able to keep top enron executives and traders from defecting to rival firms . enron officials declined to comment on reports that its banks j . p . morgan and citigroup were considering pumping an extra $ 500 million of capital in to enron . oil company chevrontexaco inc . , a major dynegy stockholder , has already agreed to inject $ 1 . 5 billion into enron immediately to keep it afloat while the merger is completed , which dynegy expects to take six to nine months . if enron backs out of the deal to accept a higher offer , it would have to pay a $ 350 million breakup fee to dyegy . and if the deal breaks down for any reason , dynegy would be allowed to exercise an option to acquire enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline subsidiary . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 2 - enron , dynegy shares rise despite mixed reviews . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( new third paragraph points out gap between enron stock price and value of dynegy offer ) by janet mcgurty new york , nov 12 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . climbed higher on monday on investor enthusiasm over last week ' s $ 9 billion bid by rival energy trader dynegy inc . to take over the beleaguered energy giant . dynegy gained $ 5 . 55 , or 14 . 3 percent , to $ 44 . 31 in afternoon trade on the new york stock exchange , while shares of enron rose 69 cents , or 8 percent , to $ 9 . 32 . the takeover announced friday halted a free - fall in enron ' s stock that lost about 75 percent of its market capitalization in the past month . however , enron ' s stock was trading well below the value of dynegy ' s offer of 0 . 2685 dynegy shares for each enron share , which translates into $ 11 . 94 per share . analysts said this likely reflected doubts in some investors minds as to whether the deal , which includes " escape clauses " for dynegy , will go through . some industry analysts said they were impressed by the upfront details offered by dynegy during a conference call with analysts , an about - face compared with calls with enron . a lack of transparency from enron about its off - balance sheet transactions , along with a u . s . regulatory investigation , had sparked widespread investor unease . " i would say that after listening to the conference call , i am even more comfortable with my initial judgment that the projections are conservative , " said jay yannello , an analyst with ubs warburg . earlier , yannello reiterated a " strong buy " on dynegy , saying while the brokerage does not underestimate the enormous challenge at hand , the takeover should yield the biggest and most credible energy merchant in the world . dynegy is about one - fifth the size of enron when measured by revenues . enron ' s woes came to light in mid - october after the biggest energy trader in north america disclosed that some of its off - balance sheet partners contributed to a $ 1 billion charge and a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . the takeover is an attractive transaction because of enron ' s trading operations , which combined with dynegy ' s above - board culture based on teamwork , strict values and honesty , should yield a formidable company , yannello said . " as dynegy continues to do due diligence , we continue to be comfortable with the fact that , if there was another shoe to drop , they have more than adequate protection in this arrangement to either absorb the impact of that event or to get out of the deal , in the worst case scenario . " he said . " we view the both the near and long - term upside potential of this deal as staggering , " he added . low risks , high rewards however , last week some antitrust lawyers said the deal will be closely examined by the federal trade commission because of the combined company ' s market share in energy trading , said steve newborn , formerly in charge of ftc merger enforcement . on monday , ratings agency fitch downgraded the ratings of marlin and osprey , two enron ' s off - balance sheet partnerships , covering about $ 3 . 3 billion in senior secured notes , on a deterioration of enron ' s credit profile . " we lowered our ratings to be consistent with actions we have taken on enron , " said fitch credit analyst ralph pellecchia , who added he is not aware of any material impact the moves could have on enron . the downgrade was expected . gordon howald , an analyst at credit lyonnaise securities , also said he is favorably disposed toward the takeover , which he called a " low risk - high reward proposition . " the most critical component is the immediate $ 1 . 5 billion equity infusion by dynegy shareholder chevrontexaco into enron will bolster enron and help keep it viable . " it appears . . . that dynegy has enough ' out ' clauses to at least protect itself if it decides not to pursue this transaction in the future , " said howald . however , howald said he is not convinced this is an offensive move by dynegy , but rather a defensive to move to protect itself and the industry from a potential enron bankruptcy . but even if it is defensive , dynegy walks away from the deal with the rights to enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline , which produced about about half of enron ' s pipeline earnings , and $ 350 million in cash , he said . doubts persist some analysts are less sanguine . they said dynegy is making a big bet that it can successfully clean up enron ' s balance sheet problems as well as integrate its trading and marketing business without losing a lot of key traders and volumes . " enron ' s principal - and most valuable asset - is its traders . and those people are mobile , " said andre mead , an analyst at commerzbank who said that he expects a six - to nine - month period of uncertainty in which both companies could lose their key trading personnel . meade also said that enron ' s restatement of earnings has called into question the quality and sources of its earnings . " i am not convinced that all the bad news related to those off - balance sheet vehicles are out and all disclosures concerning those entities have been made , " he said . " dynegy put some bearish assumptions in there when they decided to bid for enron . but the jury is out , enron is a deeply troubled company , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . some arb traders view enron stock as too risky to buy by janet whitman of dow jones newswires 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5248 ; janet . whitman @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . energy companies still shy on enron despite dynegy deal by jon kamp , john edmiston and andrew dowell of dow jones newswires 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - credit concerns led u . s . energy companies to continue to restrict their dealings with enron corp . ( ene ) monday , despite last week ' s announcement that the company has agreed to be acquired by dynegy inc . ( dyn ) . trading counterparties in enron ' s core north american electricity and natural gas markets said they were only doing necessary transactions and low - risk , short - term deals with the houston - based giant as they monitored developments with enron ' s credit rating . " as of last week , our value at risk to enron was down considerably from where it once was , " said al butkus , spokesman for aquila corp . ( ila ) , a leading trader of north american power and gas . " it ' s down even further today . " in comments similar to those made by others in the market , butkus said aquila wants to see an improvement in enron ' s credit rating and won ' t increase its exposure on the strength of the dynegy announcement alone . the $ 8 . 85 billion dynegy buyout announced friday isn ' t a done deal , and enron remains a serious credit risk if the deal doesn ' t go through , a power trader working in the markets east of the rockies said . " there just seems to be some concern that dynegy has quite a few opportunities to get out of it , " the trader said . added another , " this announcement hasn ' t changed anything . " enron spokesman eric thode said , to the contrary , that the company has seen a " dramatic " increase in trading business monday from levels seen at the end of last week . " today ' s figures are on line to be much larger than thursday or friday , " thode said . " the certainty now of the deal with dynegy takes away those fears , those question marks . " volumes on enrononline , the company ' s internet - based trading platform , are expected to top 5 , 000 transactions monday , up from around 4 , 000 thursday and friday and near the 30 - day rolling average of 5 , 600 to 5 , 800 , thode said . volumes at the beginning of last week topped 6 , 000 , he said . to be sure , traders generally saw the dynegy buyout announcement as a sign enron ' s prospects have improved , and traders in some regions said they were seeing more normal activity on enrononline after last week ' s reduced volumes . still , credit concerns are preventing many in the market from doing business with enron . standard & poor ' s and moody ' s investors service rate enron ' s credit at the lowest level of investment grade , and both have the company on negative credit watch or review for a downgrade . in the absence of a deal with dynegy or one like it , enron ' s ratings would fall into junk - bond territory , s & p analysts said on a conference call monday . as reported , dynegy ' s acquisition agreement allows the company to walk away if enron ' s additional legal and financial liabilities exceed $ 3 . 5 billion . there also are other " material adverse change " provisions , officials said . the energy markets and ratings agencies are also waiting for dynegy to make good on its pledge to inject $ 1 . 5 billion immediately into enron to shore up its finances . an infusion of cash would be a " stabilizing event , " moody ' s said last week . charlie sanchez , an energy marketing manager at gilber 201 - 938 - 4430 ; andrew . dowell @ dowjones . com ( jon kamp in chicago and john edmiston in houston contributed to this article . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy , enron officials confident merger will clear scrutiny by juan a . lozano associated press writer 11 / 12 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - executives of dynegy inc . and enron corp . believe their plan to merge the nation ' s two dominant energy marketing companies will overcome federal antitrust scrutiny , leading to a completed deal by next summer . " we really are confident that up and down the line we will be able to convince ( federal regulators ) this is in the best interest of the energy industry and the two companies , " said chuck watson , chairman and chief executive officer of dynegy . investors pleased with the deal to bail out the once mighty but now troubled enron sent the shares of both companies soaring monday - in midday trading enron shares were up 10 . 5 percent , and dynegy shares rose 12 percent . steve bergstrom , dynegy ' s president , said the closest regulatory scrutiny would come from the federal energy regulatory commission , but that he expected all antitrust hurdles would be cleared within the next six to nine months . the deal , worth at least $ 9 billion , was announced friday . dynegy also will assume $ 13 billion of enron debt . enron became a takeover target after its stock plunged about 80 percent in recent weeks because of concerns that the nation ' s top buyer and seller of natural gas wasn ' t revealing serious financial problems to shareholders . dynegy officials pledged monday that they won ' t tolerate the sort of financial practices that prompted enron to acknowledge last week that it overstated earnings by about 20 percent since 1997 and kept more than half a billion dollars in debt off the company ' s books . those financial practices included business partnerships now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . " dynegy will manage the new company in the way we ' ve managed the old company . we will substantially simplify the balance sheet , " said rob doty , dynegy ' s chief financial officer . after the merger is completed , the enron name will disappear . watson will serve as chairman and chief executive of the combined company . dynegy ' s stockholders will own about 64 percent of the new company and enron ' s stockholders will hold the rest . enron ' s stock price began to free fall after enron announced a $ 618 million third quarter loss on oct . 16 and disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity related to the partnerships . that was followed by news of the sec investigation . enron responded by firing its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , who ran the partnerships , and scrambled to get cash and increase credit lines to regain investor confidence . investors didn ' t respond and dumped enron shares , sending its stock plummeting . the deal to merge the companies was announced after the stock markets closed on friday , and investors reacted positively to the news monday . in midday trading , dynegy shares rose $ 4 . 63 to $ 43 . 39 on the new york stock exchange . enron shares were up 91 cents to $ 9 . 54 on the nyse - but still much lower than the 52 - week high of $ 84 . 87 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy call - 4 : held talks with ratings agencies 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) dynegy ' s bergstrom said he expects the acquisition of enron will receive the needed regulatory approvals and close within the next six to nine months . in addition to approval by the securities and exchange commission , the deal must be approved by the federal energy regulatory commission . " we expect ferc to be the pacesetter , " bergstrom said . until the deal closes , dynegy expects enron will have " sufficient interim liquidity , " doty said . " ( the cash infusion ) should immediately put to rest the liquidity concerns . " based on conversations dynegy had with the leading credit rating agencies management expects enron ' s ratings to remain investment grade , doty said . meanwhile , dynegy ' s ratings are expected to be affirmed at their current ratings , but be placed on watch for a downgrade until the transaction is completed , he said . according to doty , dynegy expects its debt - to - capital ratio will be below 40 % after the acquisition closes . enron said it wouldn ' t comment on reports published in the wall street journal monday that said its bankers , j . p . morgan chase & co . ( jpm ) and citigroup inc . ( c ) are considering making an additional $ 500 million investment in enron . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy conference call demand jams phone lines , internet 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - ( dow jones ) - a monday morning conference call by dynegy inc . ( dyn ) and enron corp . ( ene ) to discuss their proposed merger had hundreds listening over the phone and thousands via a website . but an unknown number were unable to access either the call or the webcast . " we were able to accommodate 925 people on the phone , " said jennifer rosser , a dynegy spokeswoman . the company had originally reserved 750 phone lines for the conference call . " approximately 30 , 000 people logged onto the webcast , " rosser said . " we had to limit it to that number before it crashed the webcast . " those unable to hear the call waited 10 minutes or more before being told that all the phone lines reserved for conference call were taken . the web site also took a potential user ' s information and then came back with a message saying the webcast was unavailable . the merger agreement by which dynegy would purchase enron for $ 8 billion to $ 9 billion plus debt was announced friday . " monday morning was the first time for a lot of people to have the opportunity to hear the executives talk about ( the merger ) , " rosser said . a replay of the conference call may be heard by calling ( 888 ) 568 - 0511 . the replay will be available from 1 p . m . est today through 6 p . m . est friday . - by erwin seba , dow jones newswires , 713 - 547 - 9214 erwin . seba @ dowjones . com a replay of a monday morning conference call by executives of dynegy inc . ( dyn ) and enron corp . ( ene ) is available at 1 - 888 - 568 - 0510 . ( an item published at 12 : 24 p . m . est ( 1724 gmt ) misstated the phone number . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . s & p says doesn ' t fully understand all enron partnerships by christine richard and michael barr of dow jones newswires 11 / 12 / 2001 capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) has retained its investment grade rating because dynegy inc . ' s ( dyn ) bid to take over the beleaguered company has restored some much needed investor confidence , standard & poor ' s analysts said monday during a conference call . in fact , in the absence of any deal , such as that put forward last week by dynegy , enron would be rated low double - b or high single - b , s & p analysts said . s & p recently lowered enron ' s rating to triple - b minus from triple - b , leaving it one notch above speculative grade status . that ' s important because enron ' s substantial trading operations are heavily reliant on a strong credit rating to alleviate counterparty credit concerns . s & p also said monday that it was placing dynegy ' s rating on review for possible downgrade following the news that dynegy was making a stock - for - stock bid for enron . s & p has assigned dynegy a senior unsecured debt rating of triple - b . s & p officials stressed that what has weighed most heavily on enron ' s rating in the last few weeks has been declining investor confidence . " the company is not in danger of imminent bankruptcy , or default , " said ron barone , an s & p analyst . however , the s & p read on investor confidence is that " enron is not all that viable right now , " said one analyst . s & p analysts stated that they might not fully understand all the enron partnerships . " there is a little uncertainty about all the partnerships that enron has , " said barone . but , s & p analysts added , they did understand the financial impact of the partnerships that have been disclosed . enron stock and bonds have been battered since the company revealed the extent of its dealings with partnerships set up and run by its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . while s & p is assuming enron has disclosed all the relevant information about those partnerships , there may be more details forthcoming as a special committee established by enron goes about its work , they added . s & p ' s downgrade to of enron to triple - b - minus was due to an erosion of investor confidence , analysts stressed . and , the enron negative creditwatch " was a heads - up to enron counterparties , " said an analyst . s & p analysts said that despite the decision to place dynegy on negative creditwatch , the ratings could remain at the same level , at triple - b . for that to happen , it will be necessary for dynegy to dispose of non - core assets that " could impair the new dynegy balance sheet , " said an s 201 - 938 - 2008 ; michael . barr @ dowjones . com - by christine richard ; dow jones newswires , 201 - 938 - 2189 ; christinerichard @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : utilities to value enron ' s indian assets - lender . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . bombay , nov 12 ( reuters ) - two indian private utilities will start valuing dabhol power co ' s assets in a few days as a prelude to possibly buying u . s . energy major enron corp ' s majority stake , the industrial development bank of india ( idbi ) said on monday . the tata power co and bses ltd wish to start " due diligence " - inspect the financial records and operations with a view to arriving at a offer price - of dabhol ' s $ 2 . 9 billion power plant on the west coast of india , the project ' s lead lender said in a statement . enron has been seeking to exit the project since may , but its task of finding a buyer has taken on more urgency after its desperate financial troubles at home . the largest u . s . energy trader has agreed to be bought out by a smaller rival , dynegy inc , as it tries to salvage its crumbling business empire . idbi ' s statement comes after three days of closed - door negotiations at the weekend in singapore between the indian lenders ' representatives and enron . officials from tata power , india ' s largest private power company , and another leading private utility , bses ltd , also attended the meeting . the two companies have emerged as potential candidates for buying the entire 85 percent foreign holding in dabhol , which was to build and run the 2 , 184 mw plant , the country ' s largest foreign direct investment . enron owns 65 percent of dabhol , general electric co and bechtel corp own 10 percent each , and the maharashtra state electricity board holds the remaining 15 percent . " the sale price of the shareholding of enron and its associates in dpc would be decided by the concerned parties through mutual negotiations , " the statement from idbi said . officials at the lending institutions said that given its troubles at home , enron could now be willing to sell its stake at a considerable discount . indian banks and institutions have provided loans and guarantees of around $ 1 . 4 billion to the plant . old dispute the first phase of enron ' s controversial indian project has been completed , but work on the second phase was abruptly stopped in june following a bitter dispute between enron and a local utility , the maharashtra state electricity board , the plant ' s sole buyer . the cash - strapped indian utility had in 1995 contracted to buy all the power from dabhol but it later said it did not need all the power and that it was too costly . while dabhol has said it would prefer to resolve its dispute with the board amicably , it felt the discussions with the power plant ' s indian lenders and the government were not progressing . if the current round of negotiations do not bear fruit , enron may terminate the contract and file for damages in the international court of arbitration in london . the country ' s largest term lender , idbi and other indian lenders in the consortium like icici ltd and state bank of india have already moved an indian court to prevent dpc from issuing a final notice to terminate its contract with the loss - making board . they fear that if enron is unable to sell its stake and terminates its contract with the utility , it could end up defaulting on its loans . dabhol served a preliminary notice in may to terminate the project and can serve a final notice if a six - month cooling - off period fails to produce a solution . that six month deadline ends on november 19 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . fitch downgrades marlin water trust ii and osprey trust i 11 / 12 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - nov . 12 , 2001 - - fitch has downgraded the ratings of marlin water trust ii ' s ( marlin ii ' s ) approximately $ 915 million senior secured notes due 2003 , and osprey trust ' s ( osprey ' s ) approximately $ 2 . 4 billion senior secured notes due 2003 to ` bb ' from ` bbb ' . the ratings are removed from rating watch negative and placed on rating watch evolving . these rating actions are the result of deterioration in enron ' s overall credit profile since the securities were placed on rating watch negative on oct . 26 , 2001 . as noted in previous press releases , the ratings of both transactions rely on various forms of support from enron corp . a significant factor in establishing the ratings for the two trusts was last friday ' s announced agreement to merge between enron and dynegy inc . and the positive implications the transaction has on enron ' s credit profile . the rating of the marlin ii notes is dependent on the overfund account ( pre - funded interest ) and equity commitment from enron in the form of mandatorily convertible preferred stock . the overfund account is invested in enron senior debt securities ( rated ' bbb - ' , rating watch evolving ) , with payments used to service interest to noteholders . payment of principal ultimately relies on enron ' s obligation to remarket mandatorily convertible preferred securities . fitch currently rates enron ' s preferred securities ' b + ' rating watch evolving . in addition , the transaction also benefits from rights under a $ 125 million loan to azurix europe limited , rated ` bbb + ' by fitch . similarly , the rating of the osprey i notes is based on the underlying ratings of the assets in an overfund account and the share trust used to support interest payments and an equity commitment from enron to remarket mandatorily convertible preferred stock to fund principal payments . the assets supporting interest payments include enron unsecured obligations as well as quarterly interest payments on the mandatorily convertible preferred stock , which has been issued and is being held in the share trust . while various sources of repayment exist , such as sale or liquidation of the underlying assets or an equity offering , in each case primary credit support is derived from enron ' s obligation to remarket mandatorily convertible preferred stock if an amount sufficient to repay the notes has not been deposited with the trustee on the 120 th day prior to the maturity date , which is one of the note trigger events . in the event that the issuance of the preferred stock yields less than the amount required to redeem the senior notes , enron is required to deliver additional shares . if enron cannot or does not deliver on this obligation , subject to certain standstill periods , then the amount of the deficiency becomes a payment obligation of enron , representing a general unsecured claim . considered in the ratings is fitch ' s view that enron ' s payment obligation is not equal to an enron guarantee . additional note trigger events include a downgrade of enron ' s senior unsecured debt below investment grade by any of the major rating agencies in conjunction with specified declines in enron ' s closing stock price over three consecutive trading days , as well as customary events of default under the notes . contact : fitch donna didonato , 1 - 212 - 908 - 0637 ralph pellecchia 1 - 212 - 908 - 0586 hugh welton 1 - 212 - 908 - 0746 , new york 10 : 40 est november 12 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron , dynegy shares rise amid mixed investor view . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 12 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . rose early monday after rival energy trader dynegy inc . agreed to buy out the beleaguered energy giant for about $ 9 billion , a deal on which analysts took a mixed view . shares of dynegy gained $ 2 . 24 , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 41 in early trade on the new york stock exchange , while shares of enron rose 73 cents , or 8 . 9 percent , to $ 9 . 40 . industry analysts were divided on the outlook for dynegy , a houston - based energy trader that is about one - fifth the size in revenue terms to enron , the biggest energy trader in north america . jay yannello of ubs warburg reiterated its " strong buy " on dynegy , saying while the brokerage does not underestimate the enormous challenge at hand , the takeover should yield the biggest and most credible energy merchant in the world . enron ' s trading operations combined with dynegy ' s above - board culture based on teamwork , strict values and honesty should yield a formidable company . . " we view the both the near and long - term upside potential of this deal as staggering , " he said . gordon howald , an analyst at credit lyonnaise securities , also said he is favorably disposed toward the takeover , which he called a " low risk / high reward proposition . " the most critical component is the immediate $ 1 . 5 billion equity infusion by dynegy shareholder chevrontexaco into enron will bolster enron and help keep it viable . " it appears . . . that dynegy has enough ' out ' clauses to at least protect itself if it decides not to pursue this transaction in the future , " said howald . however , howald said he is not convinced this is indeed an offensive move on dynegy ' s part , but rather a defensive to move to protect itself and the industry from a potential enron bankruptcy . but even if it is defensive , dynegy walks away from the deal with the rights to enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline , which produced about about half of enron ' s pipeline earnings , and $ 350 million in cash , he said . carol coale , an analyst with prudential financial in houston who maintained a buy rating on dynegy remains skeptical on the outcome of the merger , which looks good on paper but hinges on the certainty of enron ' s future earnings per share . she said because enron restated its net income over the past four years , " we believe the accounting basis for other complex financial transactions will be called into question . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : dynegy sees 15 - 20 pct earnings growth with enron . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 12 ( reuters ) - dynegy inc . said on monday it expects 15 to 20 percent annual earnings growth over the next three years following its planned acquisition of larger energy trading rival enron corp . . the earnings growth projection was made by dynegy chief financial officer rob doty in a conference call with analysts . dynegy said on friday that it had agreed to buy enron in a stock swap worth about $ 9 billion . it is offering enron stockholders 0 . 2685 shares of dynegy stock in exchange for each enron share . dynegy will also assume some $ 2 billion in preferred stock and $ 13 billion in debt from enron . dynegy launched its acquisition plan after enron became engulfed in a series of problems including an investigation by u . s . regulators of off - balance - sheet financing deals and a series of damaging downgrades by credit rating agencies . copyright ? 2000 dow jones dynegy we have seen the stocks turn around . in fact futures closed lower as this plane crashed in queens and the markets that were poised to open higher began selling off . they have recovered somewhat . what we ` re going to do now is go to the " markets desk " . chris is tracking some things for us . chris ? chris huntington , cnnfn correspondent , markets desk : rhonda , as we ` ve been telling you transportation issues hit very , very hard . the new york transportation , that transportation index right now down more than 2 . 4 percent , down 56 points . let ` s look some of the big movers . obviously , airline stocks are being punished . we have delta air lines ( url : http : / / www . delta - air . com / ) down more than $ 3 , continental airlines ( url : http : / / www . continental . com / ) down more than $ 2 . and ual , ( url : http : / / www . ual . com ) parent of united , down more than $ 1 . 30 . amr ( url : http : / / www . amrcorp . com / ) parent of american down more than $ 2 . 60 ; usairways ( url : http : / / www . usairways . com / ) stock down nearly 10 percent . hotel stocks , again these are many of the same issues that were sold off sharply following the september 11 th attacks , for obvious reasons . hotel stocks , four seasons ( url : http : / / www . fshr . com ) down nearly $ 3 . marriott down about $ 1 . 70 ; starwood , ( url : http : / / www . starwoodlodging . com / ) operator of big casinos , $ 1 . 35 . and host marriott , ( url : http : / / www . hostmarriott . com / ) and hilton hotels ( url : http : / / www . hilton . com / ) also down sharply about 5 percent and 10 percent , respectively . aircraft parts makers and aircraft makers , boeing ( url : http : / / www . boeing . com / ) shares down about 5 percent . lockheed martin , ( url : http : / / www . lockheedmartin . com ) even though the big defense stock moved up sharply after september 11 th , a little bit of a sale now . you can see there , lockheed martin shares . general electric ( url : http : / / www . ge . com / ) shares down $ 1 . 11 . there was believed to be possibly some kind of engine failure involved in this . that is preliminary , eyewitness reports . united technologies ( url : http : / / www . utc . com / ) also , pratt envision technologies , ( url : http : / / www . edvcorp . com / ) which is the the leading maker of bomb detection hardware for airport use . theoretically , to detect bombs in checked baggage , up about a $ 1 . 58 . viisage technology , ( url : http : / / www . viisage . com / ) also an identification technology company ; magal security , which concentrates on so - called perimeter security , motion detectors ; and osi systems ( url : http : / / www . osi - systems . com / ) a cargo checking provide cargo checking , provides cargo checking security systems , optically oriented in that way . now , another big business deal nothing to do with the plane crash situation . dynegy ( url : http : / / www . dynegy . com / ) and enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) held a conference call this morning trying to explain to analysts and the media exactly how that deal transpired . as you may know , dynegy agreeing to buy enron , a stock swap . trading basically , . 27 shares each of dynegy for enron . no fixed pricing date set , so far . typically the way these work is there is an average period of pricing . but basically , right now , dynegy shares are up sharply . i just took a look , if dynegy shares close at $ 43 a share , that would price enron at about $ 11 . 50 , so a sharp premium where enron closed on the weekend . and basically , nothing new coming out of the execs , the think it is a good deal . and the believe that all of the bad news about enron ` s books are on the table . rhonda ? schaffler : ok . thank you , chris . we are going to do is rejoin cnn ` s coverage of crash of amr flight 587 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . innogy resumes trading with enron after 14 - day break 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones + 44 - ( 0 ) 20 - 7842 - 9345 ; sarah . spikes @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy pres : enron ' s core business is very , very strong by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - dynegy inc . ( dyn ) chairman chuck watson said he sees " nothing but upside " ahead from the company ' s planned acquisition of enron corp . ( ene ) , which was announced late friday . in addition to being a sound strategic move , the deal " injects confidence into the energy markets , " said watson , founder of the houston energy trading firm , in a conference call held monday to discuss the $ 8 . 85 billion takeover of enron . on friday , dynegy confirmed the widely speculated deal by announcing it would buy its cross - town rival in a stock swap that values each enron share at 0 . 2685 of a dynegy share . the sale of enron for only a quarter of its share price a month ago , or just a quarter of its all - time high of $ 90 a share reached just last year , follows an abrupt turn in enron ' s fortunes . last week , enron , which is the nation ' s biggest trader of natural gas and electricity , admitted its financial statements going back to 1997 couldn ' t be relied upon and would have to be restated . the company made accounting errors in recording transactions from some of its limited partnerships . the company also misstated its level of debt and its shareholder equity over this period . enron ' s partnership dealings are being investigated by the securities and exchange commission , and have sparked a number of shareholder lawsuits . over the past month , new revelations about enron ' s web of partnerships and off - balance sheet financing vehicles have been uncovered almost daily . during the conference call , kenneth lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , said it was a " very reflective time " for him . when lay transformed enron from a natural gas pipeline company into a dynamic energy trading company that was a darling on wall street , this was clearly not what he had in mind . lay said , " i didn ' t expect to create the world ' s next leading energy trading company by merging enron into another company . " enron officials said they were continuing their internal investigations of its accounting practices . " we have disclosed anything and everything we have found so far , " lay said . enron president and chief operating officer greg whalley , who will remain with dynegy after the merger as an executive vice president , said enron will host a conference call " later this week " to further discuss recent events at the company . the call will likely be held on wednesday , he said . in light of the uncertainty surrounding enron ' s financial dealings , it is not surprising that quite a number of questions during the conference call focused on the company ' s liquidity and the potential liabilities dynegy would assume in the transaction . dynegy ' s acquisition agreement allows the company to walk away if enron ' s additional legal and financial liabilities exceed $ 3 . 5 billion . there also are other " material adverse change , " or mac , provisions , officials said . upon the closing of the acquisition , dynegy expects to post reserves to cover the cost of outstanding litigation , said dynegy ' s doty . " we believe we have adequately bracketed the downside , " said dynegy ' s watson . " there has to be a substantial , substantial material change in what we already know . . . i don ' t want to minimize the impact . that ' s why we have mac outs . " according to dynegy ' s bergstrom , the economics of the transaction assumed the potential risk from outstanding lawsuits . " even in that worst - case there is a substantial amount of economic value here , " watson said . dynegy expects to continue its due diligence in the months leading up to the deal ' s close , bergstrom said . dynegy ' s examination of the business so far has turned up " no surprises " in enron ' s core energy trading business , bergstrom said . however , the merger agreement has provisions in case the company ' s examination does reveal any , bergstrom said . " we don ' t expect to find anything material , " he said , adding that enron ' s core energy business is " very , very strong . " based on its current information , dynegy expects the acquisition to increase earnings by 35 % , or between 90 cents to 95 cents a share , before taking into account expected merger cost savings . as a result , dynegy now expects its full year pro forma earnings for 2002 to be in the range of $ 3 . 40 to $ 3 . 50 a share . according to thomson financial / first call , analysts were expecting dynegy to earn $ 2 . 57 a share next year . in 2000 , the company earned $ 1 . 43 a share before items . dynegy has estimated cost savings from the acquisition at between $ 400 million to $ 500 million . the ratio of stock enron shareholders will be paid is fixed and there is no collar to limit its range , said a dynegy spokeswoman . there isn ' t a walkaway provision , but if the deal is terminated , dynegy will own rights to enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline because of the $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion it will provide to the company immediately . dynegy able to give enron the cash infusion immediately because chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) , which owns slightly more than a fourth of dynegy , will invest $ 2 . 5 billion in dynegy . the deal has a $ 350 million " topping fee , " a dynegy spokeswoman said . she explained that if either party decided to terminated the transaction , that party would owe the other the " topping fee " if it were acquired by another party . dynegy ' s bergstrom said he expects the acquisition of enron will receive the needed regulatory approvals and close within the next six to nine months . in addition to approval by the securities and exchange commission , the deal must be approved by the federal energy regulatory commission . " we expect ferc to be the pacesetter , " bergstrom said . until the deal closes , dynegy expects enron will have " sufficient interim liquidity , " doty said . " ( the cash infusion ) should immediately put to rest the liquidity concerns . " based on conversations dynegy had with the leading credit rating agencies management expects enron ' s ratings to remain investment grade , doty said . meanwhile , dynegy ' s ratings are expected to be affirmed at their current ratings , but be placed on watch for a downgrade until the transaction is completed , he said . according to doty , dynegy expects its debt - to - capital ratio will be below 40 % after the acquisition closes . enron said it wouldn ' t comment on reports published in the wall street journal monday that said its bankers , j . p . morgan chase 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron advisors seen mulling investment - wsj . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 12 ( reuters ) - enron corp . advisors j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . are considering investments of $ 250 million each in the troubled energy trading giant , the wall street journal said on monday . citing people familiar with the matter , the newspaper said word of the possible investment helped bolster enron ' s financial outlook while it negotiated the $ 9 billion merger with dynegy inc . announced late on friday . such a move would be unusual , as investment bankers traditionally don ' t put money into takeover deals they help negotiate , the journal said . but it quoted its sources as saying word of the possible investments may have helped fend off a possible deal - breaking downgrade of enron ' s debt by moody ' s investor services . on potential stumbling block to the dynegy deal is the concern of credit - rating agencies , particularly moody ' s , about the worsening financial condition of enron , the journal said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . duke is owed about $ 100 mln by enron , executive says ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 12 17 : 07 ( new york ) duke is owed about $ 100 mln by enron , executive says ( update 2 ) ( adds duke ' s off - balance sheet debt in sixth paragraph . ) charlotte , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - duke energy corp . , the largest u . s . utility owner , said it is owed about $ 100 million from energy trading with enron corp . ` ` exposure that duke has to enron is not material , ' ' jim donnell , chief executive of duke ' s u . s . trading unit , duke energy north america , said on a conference call . ` ` the vast majority of our transactions ' ' are backed by cash or a bank , he said . ` ` for those that aren ' t , our maximum exposure is no more than $ 100 million . we continue to trade with enron today as we have in the past . ' ' duke said last month third - quarter earnings before interest and tax from trading and power generation more than doubled to $ 618 million from the same time a year earlier . shares of charlotte - based duke rose 39 cents to $ 40 . 05 . they ' ve fallen 6 percent this year . rivals including mirant corp . and aquila inc . have said they ' ve shifted transactions away from enron , the biggest energy trader . enron agreed friday to be purchased by dynegy for $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt after concerns about losses in affiliated partnerships helped drive enron ' s shares down 75 percent since oct . 16 . duke has about $ 621 million of debt in three joint ventures that isn ' t on its balance sheet , chief financial officer robert brace said . it hasn ' t created partnerships to take debt off its books , he said . duke expects ` ` minimal ' ' affect on its trading business from dynegy ' s acquisition of enron , which the companies expect to complete in the third quarter of next year , donnell said on the call . ` ` there are other trading platforms out there , ' ' he said , ` ` it doesn ' t concern us them getting together . ' ' shares of dynegy surged $ 5 . 55 , or 14 percent , to $ 44 . 31 . enron rose 61 cents to $ 9 . 24 . both companies are based in houston . dynegy shares surge after it agrees to buy enron ( update 3 ) 2001 - 11 - 12 17 : 05 ( new york ) dynegy shares surge after it agrees to buy enron ( update 3 ) ( adds watson comment on importance of chevrontexaco in 10 th paragraph . ) houston , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . shares rose 14 percent as chief executive officer chuck watson told investors the company ' s planned $ 23 billion purchase of enron corp . will boost earnings by 35 percent next year . shares of dynegy rose $ 5 . 55 to $ 44 . 35 . enron rose 61 cents , or 7 . 1 percent , to $ 9 . 24 . the companies announced after the stock market closed friday that enron , the largest energy trader , had agreed to be acquired by smaller rival dynegy for $ 8 billion in stock and $ 15 billion in assumed debt . ` ` if this deal is consummated , 2003 could be a banner earnings year for dynegy , ' ' said gordon howald , a credit lyonnais securities analyst who raised his rating on dynegy to ` ` buy ' ' from ` ` add ' ' and doesn ' t own the shares . ` ` it could significantly set it apart from its peers and solidify its position as the energy merchant market leader . ' ' the purchase will add 90 to 95 cents a share to earnings in 2002 , dynegy predicted friday . dynegy , which had been expected to earn $ 2 . 57 next year , now expects 2002 earnings of $ 3 . 40 to $ 3 . 50 . dynegy will have net income of more than $ 2 billion in 2003 if the merger closes , chris ellinghaus , an energy analyst at williams capital group , said in a report . dynegy ' s 2000 net income was $ 501 million . chevrontexaco backing robert doty , dynegy ' s chief financial officer , today predicted enron will keep its investment - grade rating until the acquisition is completed . doty said he expects a mid - ` bbb ' credit rating for the combined company , near the lowest investment grade . if the rating falls below investment grade , enron could be forced to buy back bonds early from partnerships for as much as $ 3 . 3 billion . a key element to moody ' s maintaining its rating and backing the buyout was chevrontexaco corp . ' s support , watson said . chevrontexaco will provide $ 1 . 5 billion to enron immediately and $ 1 billion to dynegy after the merger closes . chevrontexaco , the second - biggest u . s . oil company , owns 26 percent of dynegy . by stepping in , it reassured investors that dynegy would have enough money to operate after the merger , even if all the problems with enron ' s partnerships have not been disclosed , analysts and company officials said . ` ` i can ' t emphasize enough how important our relationship with chevron is to this company , ' ' watson said . enron has been battling a cash crunch and a loss of investor confidence because of questions about partnerships it started and put under the control of its senior executives . investors feared the company was using the partnerships to hide losses and debt . before today , its stock had plunged 90 percent this year . ` financial noise ' last week , enron restated earnings for four years to include losses from affiliated partnerships , reducing earnings by $ 586 million . in an interview after the merger was announced , watson said he ' s convinced enron ' s trading operations are sound and described disclosures about affiliated partnerships as ` ` financial noise . ' ' enron ' s trading provides 97 percent of its revenue . ` ` all the financial noise about the partnerships , maybe it has damaged the enron brand a bit , ' ' watson said . ` ` but i ' ll tell you what it hasn ' t impacted , and that ' s the high regard that the industry places on ' ' enron ' s trading business , he said . if the acquisition is completed , dynegy will get enron ' s energy - advising business , which helps other companies find ways to cut electricity and natural - gas costs . dynegy has been trying to develop that business on its own , said jim walline , a fund manager with lutheran brotherhood , which owned about 306 , 000 dynegy shares and 93 , 000 enron shares on sept . 30 . the rise in dynegy ' s share price increased the offer ' s value to $ 11 . 85 , one - fourth enron ' s average stock price over the last 12 months . ` ` for dynegy it looks like a steal , ' ' walline said . dynegy can cancel the acquisition if enron ' s legal liabilities exceed $ 3 . 5 billion , doty said . that amount includes possible awards against enron because of shareholder lawsuits . shareholders have accused enron executives of improperly profiting from the partnerships , and of not disclosing the effects on the company ' s earnings . protecting shareholders ` ` i fully believe management has thought of every downside scenario to protect dynegy shareholders , ' ' said james yannello , an analyst at ubs warburg . he rates dynegy ` ` strong buy ' ' and doesn ' t own its shares . ` ` i think the odds of exhausting that $ 3 . 5 billion cushion are very low . ' ' dynegy officials said they don ' t plan to form limited partnerships similar to those formed by enron . ` ` we will run this company much more conservatively from a financial point of view and wouldn ' t expect anything like this to happen in the future , ' ' doty said . enron doesn ' t expect to find more losses from the partnerships or affiliated companies it already has in place , enron chief financial officer jeffrey mcmahon said . ` ` could there be more ? possibly , ' ' mcmahon said . ` ` do we expect more ? no . we ' ve done an awful lot of work , but it ' s fair to say the investigation remains ongoing . ' ' moody ' s investors service on friday lowered its rating on enron ' s long - term debt to ` ` baa 3 , ' ' one notch above junk . the credit - ratings company today placed dynegy and its illinova utility units under review for a possible downgrade because of the enron buyout . energy traders began limiting trade with enron last month because its plunging stock price prompted concerns about creditworthiness . some said today that they haven ' t resumed normal dealings . ` ` we ' re continuing to trade with them on a very limited basis , and we ' ll continue to do so until the proposed dynegy buyout develops further , ' ' said james peters , a spokesman for atlanta - based energy trader mirant corp . , an enron and dynegy competitor . asset sales dynegy officials said they intend to sell enron ' s non - trading assets , though they haven ' t set a timeline for the sales . the company said it expects to get regulator approval of the deal in six to nine months . dynegy chief operating officer stephen bergstrom said he expects u . s . federal energy regulatory commission approval to come last . ` ` the market ' s a lot bigger than enron , ' ' mirant ' s peters said . on friday , dynegy said it will have annual revenue of more than $ 200 billion , more than 22 , 000 megawatts of electric generating capacity and 25 , 000 miles of pipeline after the merger . the company will save as much as $ 500 million a year before tax by ` ` winding down ' ' enron ' s business outside of trading and pipelines and cutting costs , dynegy said . ` ` if ( the buyout happens ) , you ' d have one of the most attractive energy - related companies in the world , ' ' said donald coxe , who manages 78 , 000 enron shares in the harris insight equity fund . dynegy ' s charles watson ( transcript of interview ) 2001 - 11 - 12 16 : 30 ( new york ) * * * * the following is an unofficial transcript . * * * * bloomberg l . p . does not guarantee the accuracy of this transcript . new york , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - the following is a transcript of a bloomberg interview with charles watson , chief executive officer of dynegy inc . the reporter is dean shepherd . shepherd : back to what would have been our top story , before news of that plane crash . dynegy says it is convinced that enron ' s trading operations are sound . the company agreed late friday , as you know , to buy its rival for $ 23 billion in stock and debt . the terms of the deal break down like this : dynegy investors will get about 10 . 40 a share for each enron share . that ' s a 21 percent premium , based on friday ' s closing price . last week , enron restated its earnings for four years - actually , a bit more than that , to include losses from three affiliated partnerships . and taking a look at how enron shares are trading right now , there you see enron continuing to rally , picking up another 99 cents to 9 . 62 . dynegy up sharply - up 5 . 24 to $ 44 even . and joining us here in the studio is chuck watson , the chairman and ceo of dynegy . chuck , good morning . watson : good morning . shepherd : good to see you again . watson : good to see you . shepherd : why buy enron ? why buy into what , from all appearances over the last month , has been a mess ? watson : well , i think it ' s important to understand that the mess that everybody is talking about was not in their core business . the mess is on the partnerships and the litigation surrounding those partnerships . the core business has really not been materially impacted . and we knew that , being in the business and being counterparties to enron for some time . so we had a little bit of a competitive advantage , in terms of looking at this , because we ' re in a unique position . i mean , we know the people . we ' re right there in houston . they ' re right across the street from us . we know a lot of the people . we didn ' t think the core business was affected . they have a tremendous pipeline operation that ' s been an outstanding leader for years . and they ' ve got this market trading organization in north america and in europe . and what we viewed was the core business , which we would retain , was very sound and pristine and , in fact , it is and it ' s the investments outside - some inside the u . s . and outside of the u . s . that have not been stellar . shepherd : i wondered , as i ' ve sat in this very chair last week and reported that enron was restating its earnings , i wondered out loud whether they were restating as a result of you going in and - with your team and taking a look at their books ? watson : no , that ' s not true . actually , they ' ve got a - had an internal investigation going on for some time , which provided us a lot of comfort , as well , because we have the benefit of that , that had been going on for weeks , before we even got in there . so it had clearly been something that they were doing on their own . i think they ' ve been as forthcoming as they can . as soon as they know the facts , they ' ve been reporting them . and we had - and we actually wanted to get that information out because all that has been , you know , boiled into the economics of this transaction . shepherd : what portions of the business do you expect to shed ? watson : well , obviously , they ' ve already had about $ 4 billion of assets up for sale , including portland general , it ' s about 3 billion of that . shepherd : right . watson : and then most of the international assets , we ' ll take a hard look at . it ' s not really core to dynegy and , really , to this transaction . but one of the things that we ' ve done by inserting with the chevron texaco and chevron ' s $ 2 . 5 billion and $ 1 . 5 billion up front with the other money that enron ' s being able to raise , that will give us some time . we don ' t have to have a fire sale or anything , but fundamentally , the assets outside the u . s . are something that were - are not core to our business . shepherd : are you satisfied that all of the bad news is out ? are you satisfied there ' s not something they ' re hiding in there that ' s going to throw a curve at you ? watson : well , i ' ll tell you , as i said , they ' ve had internal investigation going on for a while . we ' ve had some of the smartest attorneys we know in there and accountants , and there ' s been an awful lot of work done in this . and everything that they ' ve found has been disclosed . we , obviously , don ' t expect anything else , but to protect our shareholders , of course , we ' ve got some material adverse changes conditions that , you know , could get us out of the transaction if we do , you know , find something . shepherd : so you can walk away , if you see something that . watson : sure . shepherd : how tough is it going to be to win regulatory approval ? there ' s a lot of speculation that you ' re really going to have your hands full convincing regulators that this is a doable deal . watson : well , you know , there ' s several different regulatory groups . but if you think about it , the - from an asset standpoint , their pipeline operation , interstate pipeline operation , we don ' t have one of those , so there ' s really not any overlap of assets . so the discussion really would be around the size of their marketing group and ours . but if you look at the percentage of the market , which is somewhat difficult to determine , this is going to be a formidable competitor , but there ' s a bunch of competitors out there . there ' s a very liquid market . there ' s no one company that ' s ever going to have any particular grasp or control of energy markets . shepherd : how long do you figure it ' ll take you to get the deal done ? watson : well , we ' re hoping that about six months , maybe nine . but you know , we ' re not taking lightly the regulatory approvals that we have . we just think we can work through the issues and , hopefully , we ' ll get it done in six to nine months . shepherd : all right . chuck watson , thanks so much for joining us today . watson : thank you . shepherd : we appreciate your time . watson : appreciate it . dynegy sees enron rating remaining investment grade ( update 5 ) 2001 - 11 - 12 11 : 57 ( new york ) dynegy sees enron rating remaining investment grade ( update 5 ) ( adds dynegy expects mid - bbb rating for combined company in third paragraph and moody ' s reviews dynegy for downgrade in last . ) houston , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which is being bought by rival energy trader dynegy inc . , will keep its investment grade rating until the acquisition is completed , dynegy ' s chief financial officer predicted . enron ' s stock rose as much as 20 percent , and dynegy gained as much as 16 percent . ` ` from now until closing , we believe enron will maintain its investment grade ratings , although on the weak end of investment grade , ' ' dynegy cfo robert doty said on a conference call with analysts and investors . doty said he expects a mid - ` bbb ' credit rating for the combined company . dynegy agreed friday to buy enron for at least $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt , ending a financial crisis that threatened to bankrupt enron , the largest energy trader . dynegy will pay more than $ 8 billion in stock and assume $ 15 billion in debt . ` ` if ( the buyout happens ) , you ' d have one of the most attractive energy - related companies in the world , ' ' said donald coxe , who manages 78 , 000 enron shares in the harris insight equity fund . a federal investigation of enron ' s accounting limited its ability to finance its daily trading business . dynegy can cancel its purchase if it determines enron ' s legal liabilities exceed $ 3 . 5 billion , doty said . that amount includes possible shareholder lawsuits . ` every downside scenario ' ` ` i fully believe management has thought of every downside scenario to protect dynegy shareholders , ' ' said jay yannello , an analyst at ubs warburg . he rates dynegy ` ` strong buy ' ' and doesn ' t own its shares . ` ` i think the odds of exhausting that $ 3 . 5 billion cushion are very low . ' ' chevrontexaco corp . , the second - biggest u . s . oil company and owner of 26 percent of dynegy , will provide enron with $ 1 . 5 billion immediately . chevrontexaco will give dynegy $ 1 billion after the merger closes . shares of enron rose 93 cents , or 11 percent , to $ 9 . 56 in midday trading . earlier , they reached $ 10 . 38 . dynegy gained $ 4 . 93 , or 13 percent , to $ 43 . 69 . earlier , the stock reached $ 45 . both companies are based in houston . shares of chevrontexaco , based in san francisco , fell $ 1 . 04 to $ 88 . 45 . dynegy officials said they intend to sell enron ' s non - trading assets , though they haven ' t set a timeline for the sales . ` ` we don ' t necessarily feel like our backs are pinned against the wall in these asset dispositions , ' ' dynegy chief executive officer chuck watson said . ` ` it ' s important we get the greatest value for shareholders . ' ' officials also said dynegy doesn ' t plan to form limited partnerships similar to those formed by enron , which brought increased scrutiny to the company ' s finances and helped push its stock down 75 percent since oct . 16 . ` more conservatively ' ` ` we will run this company much more conservatively from a financial point of view and wouldn ' t expect anything like this to happen in the future , ' ' doty said . enron doesn ' t expect to find more losses from other such partnerships or affiliated companies , enron chief financial officer jeffrey mcmahon said . ` ` could there be more , possibly , ' ' mcmahon said . ` ` do we expect more , no . we ' ve done an awful lot of work , but it ' s fair to say the investigation remains ongoing . ' ' dynegy expects to get regulator approval of the deal in six to nine months . chief operating officer stephen bergstrom said he expects u . s . federal energy regulatory commission approval to come last . moody ' s investors service placed dynegy and its illinova utility units under review for a possible credit - rating downgrade today because of the enron buyout . dynegy calls sec ' s probe of enron ` financial noise ' ( update 5 ) 2001 - 11 - 12 11 : 03 ( new york ) dynegy calls sec ' s probe of enron ` financial noise ' ( update 5 ) ( updates share prices in 14 th paragraph . ) houston , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . chairman chuck watson said he ' s convinced enron corp . ' s trading operations are sound and described disclosures about affiliated partnerships that helped drive enron ' s stock down 67 percent in three weeks as ` ` financial noise . ' ' dynegy agreed friday to buy enron for at least $ 23 billion , including at least $ 8 billion in stock and $ 15 billion in assumed debt . dynegy shares rose as much as 16 percent today . enron rose as much as 20 percent . in an interview after the merger announcement , watson and enron chairman kenneth lay discussed how the houston - based companies reached agreement less than three weeks after enron ' s shares began plunging . ` ` all the financial noise about the partnerships , maybe it has damaged the enron brand a bit , ' ' watson said . ` ` but i ' ll tell you what it hasn ' t impacted , and that ' s the high regard that the industry places on ' ' enron ' s trading business , he said . enron last week restated earnings for four years to include losses from three affiliated partnerships , reducing earnings by $ 586 million . six employees , out of enron ' s 20 , 000 , may have improperly benefited from the partnerships , lay said . ` ` i ' m sorry those six people seem to have gone somewhat over the edge in their dealings or transactions , but you can ' t be absolutely protected from that in any business , ' ' he said . lost effectiveness lay didn ' t specify which six people he was referring to . he removed andrew fastow , who helped set up and ran many of the affiliated partnerships , as chief financial officer on oct . 24 . an enron securities filing says fastow made more than $ 30 million off two of the partnerships . fastow ` ` had lost his effectiveness because of all the press coverage ' ' on the affiliates , lay said . treasurer ben glisan and kristina mordaunt , a managing director and a corporate counsel for an enron division , also were fired , enron said in a corporate filing on thursday . former employees michael kopper , kathy lynn and anne yeager were in a position to profit from partnerships , the filing said . ` ` you trust people , you accept their representations and proposals , ' ' lay said . ` ` sometimes when you do that , you get surprised and disappointed . ' ' both executives said they expect antitrust regulators to approve the merger because the two companies own different types of assets and won ' t dominate any market . ` ` there really isn ' t anything that lays on top of each other , ' ' watson said friday night . ` ` we ' re not in the pipeline business and they are . we ' re in the generation business , and they ' re really not . ' ' dynegy shares rose 6 . 2 percent on friday after terms of the enron purchase leaked to the press . watson expects the acquisition to add 90 cents to 95 cents a share , or 35 percent , to dynegy ' s 2002 earnings . enron is selling for $ 10 . 41 a share , one - fifth the average price over the past 12 months . enron stock climbed 97 cents , or 11 percent , to $ 9 . 60 in late morning trading . earlier , they touched $ 10 . 38 . dynegy rose $ 4 . 54 , or 12 percent , to $ 43 . 30 after touching $ 45 . cash crunch the rapid decline of enron threatened to bankrupt the company and disrupt energy markets . enron handles an estimated one - quarter of u . s . electricity and natural - gas trades . a falling credit rating made it difficult for the company to raise capital needed to back trades . as part of the purchase , chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , agreed to provide enron with $ 2 . 5 billion . ` ` what we found when looked under the hood is that the core of enron was still there and working as well as ever , ' ' watson said . ` ` that business was pristine and had nothing to do with the partnerships . ' ' dynegy began taking steps toward the acquisition in late october , when watson called lay to offer assistance with enron ' s growing financial crisis , the two men said . that led to a saturday morning meeting in lay ' s kitchen . ` ` he even made me a breakfast roll , ' ' watson said . ` ` he didn ' t eat it , ' ' lay said . lay said he won ' t be an active manager in the new company . watson said friday that he and lay hadn ' t discussed a severance package . as head of enron , lay had refocused the houston operator of u . s . natural - gas pipelines on trading and international expansion , boosting reported revenue 20 - fold since 1995 to $ 100 . 8 billion last year . he said he doesn ' t regret the strategy . ` ` clearly , enron has gotten involved in business that hasn ' t turned out well , ' ' lay said , pointing to money - losers azurix inc . , created to supply water and build related projects around the world , and newpower holdings inc . , a seller of electricity to homes and small businesses . ` ` but you have to keep in mind , too , that 12 years ago we weren ' t in the wholesale merchant ( trading ) business . today that ' s an incredibly valuable franchise . ' ' the trading business , which accounts for about 97 percent of enron ' s revenue , buys electricity , gas and other commodities from producers and sells them to end users such as utilities and industrial customers . it also advises big business customers on energy use and sells them gas and electricity . reassessing steel , lumber watson said the new company will keep trading coal , gas , power and petroleum products , and plans to expand by buying assets and using them to develop trading . ` ` we ' ll just have to reassess over time whether we stay in ' ' trading of steel , lumber and other non - energy commodities , he said . enron wants to shed its 65 percent stake in dabhol power co . in india , which is owed $ 64 million in overdue bills from a state government agency that has refused to pay the power prices enron was promised in contracts . ` ` we have strong legal remedies and we ' re heading down the path toward arbitration , but we ' d still very much like to work out a settlement with the government , ' ' lay said . potential buyers have balked at enron ' s $ 1 billion asking price for dabhol . neither man would comment on whether dynegy plans to cut jobs after the merger , or what will happen to the naming rights to enron field . the major league baseball stadium is home to the houston astros , and enron paid $ 100 million to have its name on the ballpark . ` ` the name of the company is now dynegy , ' ' watson said . dynegy ' s acquisition requires approval from u . s . securities , antitrust and energy regulators . watson expects soon to share details of the new dynegy with regulators from the european union and u . k . , where enron operates a trading desk and owns a water company and two power plants . ` ` i don ' t know if we are required to do so , but we will talk to them anyway , ' ' watson said . ` ` we don ' t think there are going to be any problems , ' ' lay said . 
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / www . bhex . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . bhex . com / z . php  
2	Subject: enron mentions enron seeks cash infusion of $ 2 billion the wall street journal , 11 / 06 / 01 companies & finance - international - fitch lowers enron rating . financial times , 11 / 06 / 01 in brief / energy enron debt ratings are lowered by fitch los angeles times , 11 / 06 / 01 fitch downgrades enron ' s debt rating houston chronicle , 11 / 06 / 01 enron seeks investors to raise $ 2 billion in cash , wsj says bloomberg , 11 / 06 / 01 enron ' s german shares drop after wsj says it seeks $ 2 billion bloomberg , 11 / 06 / 01 usa : enron seeks $ 2 bln infusion from buyout firms - wsj . reuters english news service , 11 / 06 / 01 enron seeks $ 2 billion cash infusion as it faces an escalating fiscal crisis dow jones business news , 11 / 06 / 01 enron seeks 2 bln usd cash injection in exchange for equity stake - report afx news , 11 / 06 / 01 enron long - term debt rating may be cut to junk status by fitch bloomberg , 11 / 06 / 01 companies & finance the americas - lower power prices aid pg & e corp . financial times , 11 / 06 / 01 asia - pacific - enron unit set to quit project . financial times , 11 / 06 / 01 world business briefing asia : india : utility transfer notice the new york times , 11 / 06 / 01 dabhol serves asset transfer notice on mseb business standard , 11 / 06 / 01 enron to bring curtains down on india power project agence france - presse , 11 / 06 / 01 enron unit dpc serves notice to close india power project afx news , 11 / 06 / 01 shell : enron india oil , gas assets buy talk " speculative " dow jones energy service , 11 / 06 / 01 enron plans to sell 50 % of s korean jv with sk corp dow jones international news , 11 / 06 / 01 tractebel , enron in 245 mw mexican cogeneration project dow jones international news , 11 / 06 / 01 seven oil - services , drilling firms record 10 % share - price hit last week . the oil daily , 11 / 06 / 01 gas prices plunge on weather forecasts , enron - linked market maneuvers . the oil daily , 11 / 06 / 01 enron credit web site lists no rating for enron corp . dow jones news service , 11 / 05 / 01 enron seeks cash infusion of $ 2 billion by wall street journal staff reporters robin sidel and kara scannell in new york and rebecca smith in los angeles 11 / 06 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . , looking to convince wall street that it can cope with an escalating financial crisis , has held initial discussions with private - equity firms and power - trading companies for a capital infusion of at least $ 2 billion , people familiar with the matter say . the houston energy concern , unable to tap the public capital markets at a time when it needs to shore up its balance sheet , has approached such big - name buyout firms as blackstone group and clayton , dubilier & rice to gauge their interest . enron seeks a cash infusion in exchange for an equity stake in enron , among other terms . in addition , a number of companies involved in power trading , a core business for enron , have expressed an interest in making an investment . the identity of the companies making overtures couldn ' t be determined . prominent energy companies with power - trading operations include anglo - dutch oil concern royal dutch / shell group , dynegy inc . , duke energy corp . , of charlotte , n . c . , reliant energy inc . , of houston , and el paso corp . , also of houston . another well - known investor from outside the industry was approached but declined enron ' s offer . enron needs the infusion in part because its previously announced plans to raise cash through the sale of power assets is going more slowly than expected . mostly , though , it needs to restore its credibility with wall street at a time when its access to the financing markets is drying up . one potential financier is general electric co . ' s ge capital unit , which also has been approached by enron . ge , of fairfield , conn . , has no interest in an outright takeover of enron , but it could take on a small stake or make a financing commitment and it has had discussions to that effect , according to one person familiar with the matter . ge declined comment . " you would expect everybody that is in the business and understands power trading would make a phone call , " one person familiar with the matter said . a capital infusion would be one way to help restore enron ' s credibility with wall street , as it would show that the so - called smart money is willing to bet on a turnaround . enron chairman kenneth lay is eager to secure a deal as early as this week , these people say . an enron representative declined to comment , as did a spokesman for dynegy . spokesmen for blackstone and clayton , dubilier & rice declined comment . enron has been rocked by last month ' s disclosure of a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in its equity base partly tied to financial dealings with company partnerships headed by enron ' s former chief financial officer . last month , it reported a third - quarter loss of $ 618 million . the securities and exchange commission has launched a formal investigation into the matter . last week , enron secured $ 1 billion in new credit lines , using gas - pipeline assets as collateral . enron ' s stock price has tumbled in line with the developments , falling more than 60 % since mid - october . at 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading , enron was down 13 cents at $ 11 . 17 . yesterday , ratings concern fitch inc . downgraded enron ' s senior unsecured debt to triple - b - minus from triple - b - plus . enron ' s senior unsecured debt now is rated just a notch above junk bond , or high - yield , status . last week , standard & poor ' s corp . lowered its credit rating on enron to triple - b , while moody ' s investors service lowered its rating to baa 2 . given such high - profile problems , the declining stock price and potential for further sec action , any investors likely would insist on a close scrutiny of enron ' s finances and may seek board seats in exchange for a stake . one potential investor said his firm was unlikely to make a commitment unless enron offered terms that were too good to pass up . " it is inherently risky to invest in a company that is under investigation , when the outcome of that investigation is unknown , " said joel papernick , a partner in new york at mintz , levin , cohn , ferris , glovsky and popeo , a law firm that isn ' t involved in the matter . any transaction likely would take the form of a convertible - preferred stake , in which an investor receives a safe , bond - like interest payment and then can convert that holding into common stock after the share price rises to a specified level . it also is possible that enron would enter such transactions with more than one party . for instance , a $ 2 billion investment may be too big for one private - equity firm , so enron may need to get a couple of potential investors on board . another way to shield an investor ' s risk could be for a private - equity firm to invest in an asset owned by enron instead of investing in the parent company . analysts are divided as to whether enron will seek an investment from a private equity firm or a company that already is in the power - trading business . some analysts say the most logical investor would be someone who already understands the deregulated energy markets that enron helped pioneer . there also are social factors that could influence whose infusion of cash , ultimately , is accepted . dynegy long has been regarded as an enron " wannabe , " because it has a history of following moves that enron has made . after enron purchased the portland general electric utility in 1997 , dynegy made a successful bid to buy illinova corp . which it acquired in february 2000 . after enron launched its successful internet - based commodities trading platform , enrononline , in november 1999 , dynegy developed its rival dynegydirect platform . one big difference between the two companies is that enron has pursued an " asset light " strategy in recent years , trying to control the output of gas fields and power plants without actually owning them . dynegy has been much more comfortable owning hard assets and was a big purchaser of power plants in california in 1998 , for example . the two companies , with headquarters in downtown houston , are seen as die - hard rivals . that could make it difficult for mr . lay to accept any overture from dynegy chairman chuck watson . dynegy ' s largest single investor is chevrontexaco corp . , of san francisco , which has profited handsomely from a 28 % equity stake in dynegy . an overture from coral energy , royal dutch shell ' s marketing and trading unit , might receive a more receptive response from enron , some onlookers say . coral isn ' t one of the biggest energy traders , but it carries a triple - a rating that is unusual for an energy - trading concern . coral acts as the exclusive marketer of shell ' s north american natural - gas production , as well as for the power generation , gas pipeline and gas - storage assets controlled by intergen , a joint venture of shell and bechtel group inc . , the big san francisco engineering and consulting firm . - - - matt murray contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance - international - fitch lowers enron rating . by sheila mcnulty and jenny wiggins . 11 / 06 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved fitch yesterday pushed enron ' s main debt rating to the bottom rung of the investment - grade category , while lowering its subordinated debt to " junk " status . fitch , therefore , became the first major rating agency to lower at least some of the debt of the embattled energy trading company to below investment grade . moody ' s and standard subordinated debt to bb from bbb ; and preferred stock to b + from bbb - . it also downgraded enron ' s commercial paper to f 3 from f 2 , and lowered the senior unsecured debt ratings of its pipeline subsidiaries to bbb - from a - . " while its current cash position appears adequate , securing additional capital sources through asset sales or raising additional capital would be a favourable development , " fitch said . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk in brief / energy enron debt ratings are lowered by fitch reuters 11 / 06 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 4 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company fitch cut its ratings on the debt of enron corp . and warned it may cut ratings again if the energy trader does not reduce its debts , if its trading business deteriorates or if charges exceed present estimates . fitch cut enron ' s senior unsecured debt to " bbb - minus , " one notch above junk , from " bbb - plus , " its subordinated debt to " bb " from " bbb , " and its commercial paper to " f 3 " from " f 2 . " the rating agency also downgraded its preferred stock to " b - plus " from " bbb - minus . " fitch said reducing debt and exiting problem businesses are a management priority , and if enron is successful , the company ' s credit profile will improve . fitch ' s cut follows downgrades last week by moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s . houston - based enron lined up $ 1 billion of new credit last week but may have to sell assets to head off a credit squeeze and restore investor confidence , according to investment bankers . shares of enron were down 13 cents to close at $ 11 . 17 apiece on the new york stock exchange . copyright ? 2000 dow jones its subordinated debt to bb from bbb ; and its commercial paper to f 3 from f 2 . the rating agency also downgraded enron ' s preferred stock to b - plus from bbb - minus . fitch said reducing debt and exiting problem businesses are a priority , and if enron is successful , the company ' s credit profile will improve . fitch ' s cut follows downgrades last week by moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s . enron ' s shares have lost more than 65 percent in less than a month amid concerns about financial practices that triggered an investigation by the securities and exchange commission . also monday : ? enron ' s dabhol power project has served an asset transfer notice to its sole customer , the maharashtra state electricity board , the first formal step toward the u . s . energy company ' s exit from the $ 2 . 3 billion project in india . ? enron is in talks to sell its half stake in a natural gas venture with sk corp . , an official of korea ' s top oil refiner said . enron seeks investors to raise $ 2 billion in cash , wsj says 2001 - 11 - 06 02 : 31 ( new york ) houston , nov . 6 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader which has lost 86 percent of its market value this year , is striving to raise at least $ 2 billion in cash by asking private - equity firms and power - trading companies to buy stakes , the wall street journal said , citing unidentified people familiar with the matter . enron held preliminary talks with blackstone group lp and clayton , dubilier & rice inc . to discuss a cash infusion , the paper said . additionally , a number of unidentified power - trading companies have expressed an interest in investing in enron , the journal said . the fitch rating agency said it may cut enron corp . ' s credit rating to below investment grade if enron fails to cut debt or if its business slows further . enron is struggling to borrow money after the u . s . securities and exchange commission started investigating partnerships run by former chief financial officer . the partnerships bought and sold enron shares and assets , with the trades costing enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . enron chairman kenneth lay wants to secure an investment as early as this week , the journal said . the company has also talked with general electric co . ' s ge capital unit , which might be interested in taking a small stake in enron or in making a financial commitment , the paper said , citing an unidentified person familiar with the matter . enron approached the private - equity firms because previously announced plans to raise cash by selling assets have slowed , the paper said . an investment by a private - equity firm could restore the company ' s credibility with wall street , the paper reported . an investment in a company under investigation is risky and enron may need more than one investor to secure the $ 2 billion it wants , the journal said . investors are likely to prefer a convertible - preferred stake that would pay them interest , like a bond , and yet could still be traded for stock once the share price rises to an agreed target , the journal said . analysts are split between those that think enron want a private equity firm to invest and those that say enron will opt for a company in the same business , the journal reported . enron ' s german shares drop after wsj says it seeks $ 2 billion 2001 - 11 - 06 06 : 53 ( new york ) houston , nov . 6 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s german shares fell as much as 6 percent after the wall street journal reported the no . 1 energy trader is seeking to raise at least $ 2 billion by selling stakes to private equity firms and power traders . enron held talks with blackstone group lp and clayton , dubilier & rice inc . the paper said . a number of unidentified power - trading companies also are interested in investing , the journal said , naming dynergy corp . , duke energy corp . and reliant energy inc . as potential stakeholders . houston , texas - based enron is seeking investors because its plan to sell assets has slowed , the paper said . an investment by a private equity firm may bolster the company ' s reputation as fund raising in falling stock markets gets harder , the journal said . investing in a company under investigation is risky , though , and enron may need more than one investor to secure the cash , the paper said . investors will prefer a convertible - preferred stake that will pay interest , like a bond , and yet may still be traded for stock if the shares rise to an agreed target . the company ' s shares in germany fell as much as 78 cents to 12 . 10 euros . the stock declined 86 percent this year . chairman kenneth lay wants to secure an investment as early as this week , the journal reported . enron also talked with general electric co . ' s ge capital unit , which may be interested in taking a small stake , the paper said , citing an unidentified person familiar with the matter . analysts split analysts are split between those who think enron wants a private equity partner and those who say enron will opt for a company in the same business , the journal reported . the fitch rating agency said it may cut enron corp . ' s credit rating to below investment grade if it fails to cut debt or if its business slows further . enron is struggling to borrow money after the u . s . securities and exchange commission started investigating partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . the partnerships bought and sold enron shares and assets . those trades cost enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . concern over enron ' s dealings with the partnerships have shut it out of commercial - paper markets , where most large corporations go to find low - interest , short - term debt . usa : enron seeks $ 2 bln infusion from buyout firms - wsj . 11 / 06 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 6 ( reuters ) - struggling energy giant enron has held initial discussions with private - equity firms and power - trading companies for a capital infusion of at least $ 2 billion , the wall street journal reported on tuesday . the company has approached such big - name buyout firms as blackstone group and clayton , dubilier & rice to gauge their interest , the journal reported in its online edition , citing people familiar with the situation . the journal said enron and the buyout firm declined comment . the report also said a number of companies involved in enron ' s core business , power trading , had expressed an interest in making an investment . but it said it could not determine who the companies were . british newspaper , the independent on sunday , reported that energy giant royal dutch / shell group was believed to be about to mount an $ 11 - billion bid for enron . one potential financier is general electric co ' s ge capital unit , which also has been approached by enron , the journal said in its report . ge is not interested in an outright takeover of enron , but has had discussions on taking a small stake in the company or making a financing commitment , the journal said . on monday enron corp took another hit when its credit rating was cut to near junk status as an uproar continued over business deals that were being questioned . the company has been under attack from wall street for failing to explain off - the - balance sheet transactions that led to a $ 1 billion charge and a $ 1 . 2 billion write - down of shareholder equity three weeks ago . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron seeks $ 2 billion cash infusion as it faces an escalating fiscal crisis 11 / 06 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . , looking to convince wall street that it can cope with an escalating financial crisis , has held initial discussions with private - equity firms and power - trading companies for a capital infusion of at least $ 2 billion , people familiar with the matter told the wall street journal . the houston energy concern , unable to tap the public capital markets at a time when it needs to shore up its balance sheet , has approached such big - name buyout firms as blackstone group and clayton , dubilier & rice to gauge their interest . enron ( ene ) seeks a cash infusion in exchange for an equity stake in enron , among other terms . in addition , a number of companies involved in power trading , a core business for enron , have expressed an interest in making an investment . the identity of the companies making overtures couldn ' t be determined . prominent energy companies with power - trading operations include anglo - dutch oil concern royal dutch / shell group , dynegy inc . , duke energy corp . , of charlotte , n . c . , reliant energy inc . , of houston , and el paso corp . , also of houston . another well - known investor from outside the industry was approached but declined enron ' s offer . enron needs the infusion in part because its previously announced plans to raise cash through the sale of power assets is going more slowly than expected . mostly , though , it needs to restore its credibility with wall street at a time when its access to the financing markets is drying up . one potential financier is general electric co . ' s ge capital unit , which also has been approached by enron . ge , of fairfield , conn . , has no interest in an outright takeover of enron , but it could take on a small stake or make a financing commitment and it has had discussions to that effect , according to one person familiar with the matter . ge declined comment . a capital infusion would be one way to help restore enron ' s credibility with wall street , as it would show that the so - called smart money is willing to bet on a turnaround . enron chairman kenneth lay is eager to secure a deal as early as this week , these people say . an enron representative declined to comment , as did a spokesman for dynegy . spokesmen for blackstone and clayton , dubilier & rice declined comment . enron has been rocked by last month ' s disclosure of a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in its equity base partly tied to financial dealings with company partnerships headed by enron ' s former chief financial officer . last month , it reported a third - quarter loss of $ 618 million . the securities and exchange commission has launched a formal investigation into the matter . last week , enron secured $ 1 billion in new credit lines , using gas - pipeline assets as collateral . enron ' s stock price has tumbled in line with the developments , falling more than 60 % since mid - october . at 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading , enron was down 13 cents at $ 11 . 17 . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron seeks 2 bln usd cash injection in exchange for equity stake - report 11 / 06 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd washington ( afx ) - enron corp has held initial discussions with private equity firms and power - trading companies for a capital infusion of at least 2 bln usd , people familiar with the matter were quoted as telling the wall street journal . enron seeks a cash infusion in exchange for an equity stake , among other terms . the buyout firms approached include blackstone group and clayton , dubilier & rice , the newspaper reported . in addition , a number of companies involved in power trading , a core business for enron , have expressed an interest in making an investment . prominent energy companies with power - trading operations include royal dutch / shell group . shares of royal dutch and shell rose yesterday after uk press reports that the anglo - dutch combine may be lining up an 11 bln usd bid for enron . the journal said enron needs the cash infusion to restore its credibility with wall street and because its previously announced plans to raise cash through the sale of power assets is going more slowly than expected . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron long - term debt rating may be cut to junk status by fitch 2001 - 11 - 06 01 : 11 ( new york ) enron long - term debt rating may be cut to junk status by fitch houston , nov . 6 ( bloomberg ) - - the fitch rating agency said it may cut enron corp . ' s credit rating to below investment grade if the world ' s biggest energy trader fails to cut debt or if its business slows further . fitch yesterday cut enron ' s long - term credit rating two notches to the lowest investment grade , or ` ` bbb - , ' ' from ` ` bbb + . ' ' on friday , standard & poor ' s cut enron ' s rating one notch to s & p ' s second - lowest investment grade , or ` ` bbb , ' ' from ` ` bbb + . ' ' enron , which has lost more than 86 percent of its market value this year , is struggling to borrow money after the u . s . securities and exchange commission started investigating partnerships run by its former chief financial officer . the partnerships bought and sold enron shares and assets , with the trades costing enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . fitch said in a statement that its downgrade reflects ` ` the difficulties enron faces in managing its liquidity position in the face of an erosion in investor confidence . ' ' talks enron has held preliminary talks with private - equity firms and power - trading companies to raise at least $ 2 billion , the wall street journal reported today , citing unidentified people familiar the matter . enron has approached blackstone group lp and clayton , dubilier & rice inc . to discuss a cash infusion in exchange for a stake in the company , the paper said . additionally , a number of unidentified power - trading companies have expressed an interest in making an investment in enron , the journal said . questions about enron ' s dealings with the partnerships have shut it out of commercial - paper markets , where most large corporations go to find low - interest , short - term debt . goldman sachs group inc . refused to participate in a $ 1 billion loan to enron because it was unwilling to risk its capital on a client with falling credit ratings that has been using its investment - banking services less often , according to people familiar with the matter . still , enron secured a $ 1 billion loan from j . p . morgan chase & co . and salomon smith barney inc . after agreeing to use the company ' s natural - gas pipelines as collateral . cash ` ` while its ( enron ' s ) current cash position appears adequate , securing additional capital sources through asset sales or raising additional capital would be a favorable development , ' ' fitch said . enron corp . is in talks to sell its half stake in a natural gas joint venture with sk corp . , an official of korea ' s top oil refiner said yesterday . enron said in 1998 the gas distribution venture with sk would have a capitalization of about $ 450 million . ` ` enron will probably sell its korean operations at a loss because of its financial problems , ' ' lee kwang hoon , an analyst at good morning securities co . in seoul , said yesterday . enron ' s difficulties raising funds may prompt it to pull out of all of its overseas ventures except for china , he said . fitch also cut its rating on enron ' s subordinated debt to ` ` bb , ' ' or below investment grade status . - - reinie booysen in singapore ( 65 ) 212 1154 companies & finance the americas - lower power prices aid pg & e corp . by julie earle . 11 / 06 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved pg & e corp , the owner of pacific gas & electric , yesterday said that wholesale power prices had stabilised in california , and its reorganisation was progressing well . this suggests the worst might be over in the state ' s power crisis , which sent prices soaring and dragged pg & e into bankruptcy . enron , the us energy trader , which is among pg & e ' s 30 , 000 creditors and is owed $ 500 m , also said recently that the california situation was improving . pg & e filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in april after it amassed nearly $ 9 bn in debt by buying power on the open market at sharply higher prices that it could not pass on to customers . pg & e corp yesterday said that the cost of buying electricity for pg & e dropped 69 per cent to $ 697 m in the third quarter , from $ 2 . 23 bn a year ago . the average price of power in california is 75 per cent lower than in the year - ago quarter . " prices have stabilised as we predicted they would . if customers can see the true cost of power then they will regulate themselves , " said a pg & e corp spokesman . " now , usage is down and prices have come down , " he added . the lower electricity costs helped pg & e corp to more than treble its third - quarter net income to $ 771 m , or $ 2 . 12 a share , from $ 225 m , or 62 cents a share a year ago . sales fell 16 per cent to $ 6 . 3 bn , from $ 7 . 5 bn . peter rigby , utilities analyst at standard & poor ' s , the credit rating agency , yesterday said that there was " guarded optimism " that the trend of lower wholesale prices would continue . pg & e corp said it hoped to learn before the year - end that its restructuring plan filed in september was " reasonable " . the plan is to split the parent and the utility into stand - alone companies , with the transfer of some assets to pg & e ' s unregulated units . ratepayers , however , fear that such a move would take pg & e as well as another utility , southern california edison , out of the oversight of the state regulatory body , the california public utilities commission ( cpuc ) . kenneth lay , chairman of enron , said recently that a settlement with the cpuc to keep edison out of bankruptcy was good news for the california power situation . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . asia - pacific - enron unit set to quit project . by khozem merchant . 11 / 06 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved dabhol power company , the indian arm of the troubled enron energy group , yesterday moved closer to abandoning its role in a controversial $ 2 . 9 bn power project near bombay . dpc said it was preparing to hand over the 2 , 184 mw asset to its sole customer , maharashtra state electricity board , and would demand compensation based on an independent valuation . bankers said that , under the terms of the contract , mseb was obliged to buy the distressed asset because it had defaulted on payments , the cause of a breakdown in relations between the two parties . yesterday mseb said it refused to take " cognisance " of dpc ' s issue of a " notice of asset transfer " because the indian company had withdrawn from the contract six months ago , an act of defiance which dpc says was invalid . mseb ceased taking power from the plant in may , alleging contractual misrepresentation . phase one of the complex is complete and the second stage was approaching completion before the dispute effectively killed off work . " this notice formally sets in motion the valuation process of dabhol ' s assets in connection with the termination of the power purchasing agreement , " dpc said yesterday . the us company ' s initiative yesterday comes days before it can legally issue a final termination notice on the $ 2 . 9 bn power project and amid a flurry of financial diplomacy by the project ' s indian and foreign lenders to salvage the country ' s biggest foreign direct investment . indian financial institutions , which carry a large exposure to the project as lenders and as guarantors of foreign loans , are under pressure to find a solution ahead of the visit by atal behari vajpayee , indian prime minister , to washington this week . enron ' s move runs parallel to efforts by kenneth lay , chairman of the houston - based company , to seek full compensation of about $ 1 bn for itself and two smaller us equity holders , general electric and bechtel . the fourth and final equity holder is mseb , which holds a 15 per cent stake . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section w world business briefing asia : india : utility transfer notice by saritha rai ( nyt ) 11 / 06 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 3 c . 2001 new york times company dabhol power , the indian unit of the enron corporation , served an asset transfer notice yesterday to the utility of the western indian state of maharashtra . this takes dabhol a step closer to terminating its agreement to sell power to the state utility , its only customer . dabhol and maharashtra have been involved in a payment dispute . dabhol said the notice was necessary to protect the interests of its sponsors , lenders and other stakeholders . the company will probably serve the final termination notice soon to continue the legal process against the state utility , a company statement said . saritha rai ( nyt ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dabhol serves asset transfer notice on mseb our corporate bureau mumbai 11 / 06 / 2001 business standard 1 copyright ( c ) business standard the enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) today served a notice of asset transfer on the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . this notice is a precursor to issuing a final termination notice ( ftn ) to the board and formally kicks off the process of valuation of dpc ' s assets , a statement issued by the company said . dpc had secured the permission of its lenders for serving the transfer notice in early october . the transfer notice is yet another step in the enron saga following its payments dispute with mseb . dpc had served a preliminary termination notice in may , 2001 and mseb had retaliated by rescinding the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) and refusing to buy power . after the serving of the preliminary notice , there was a cooling off period of six months . this was to give the two sides enough time to arrive at an amicable solution , failing which a ftn has to be served . " dpc would still prefer to resolve this dispute amicably through negotiated purchase by the indian government and financial institutions of the foreign sponsors ' equity , including offshore lenders ' debt . however , ongoing discussions between dpc , the indian government and fis are yielding no significant progress toward a fair and reasonable solution . consequently , dpc is left with little choice other than to serve the transfer notice to mseb , which draws us closer to final termination of the ppa , " the dpc statement added . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron to bring curtains down on india power project 11 / 06 / 2001 agence france - presse ( copyright 2001 ) bombay , nov 6 ( afp ) - united states - based enron corp ' s indian subsidiary said tuesday it will serve a final termination notice to officially close a controversial power project in india ' s western maharashtra state . the dabhol power company ltd . ( dpc ) , will serve the notice to the mahrashtra state ' s electricity board ( mseb ) after november 19 when the six - month deadline for resolving a payment dispute ends , an enron official told afp . enron holds a 65 - percent stake in dpc , which set up the 2 . 9 billion dollar power project - - the single largest us investment in india . the mseb is a stakeholder in dabhol power company . the 2 , 1984 - megawatt plant stopped generating electricity in the middle of last year after the mseb , its sole client , failed to clear its long - overdue bills . mseb also later refused to buy any more power following a dispute over tariffs . enron served on monday an " asset transfer notice " to mseb for the valuation of company ' s plant and machinery , in order to sell these off . " we will now appoint a valuer to value the assets and then transfer them to mseb for the price that the valuer arrives at . " it ( enron ) was left with no choice other than to serve the transfer notice as the ongoing discussions with the government of india , indian financial institutions are yielding no significant progress toward a fair and reasonable solution , " he added . in a statement dabhol power said the asset transfer notice follows more than two years of late payments and defaults in payments from the electricity board and a repudiation of the power purchase agreement by the board . it said : " following the transfer notice , the final termination notice is likely to be served in the near future to continue the legal process against the board . " enron and the government are in talks to sell dabhol power to the government . indian state - owned financial institutions have lent 1 . 4 billion dollars to the project , while foreign lenders have an exposure of 600 million dollars . loans by foreign lenders are guaranteed by the federal government , but the indian lenders do not have the same cover . foreign lenders in may this year authorised the power company to issue a preliminary termination notice to mseb after payment defaults . jds / bm / an / dv copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron unit dpc serves notice to close india power project 11 / 06 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd bombay ( afx - asia ) - enron corp unit dabhol power company ltd said it will serve a final termination notice to officially close its power project in western maharashtra state . dpc will serve the notice to the maharashtra state ' s electricity board ( mseb ) after november 19 when the six - month deadline for resolving a payment dispute ends , an enron official told agence france - presse . enron holds a 65 pct stake in dpc , which set up the 2 . 9 bln usd power project , the single largest us investment in india . the mseb is a stakeholder in dabhol power company . the plant stopped generating electricity in the middle of last year after the mseb , its sole client , failed to clear its long - overdue bills . mseb also later refused to buy any more power following a dispute over tariffs . enron served on monday an " asset transfer notice " to mseb for the valuation of company ' s plant and machinery , in order to sell these off . " we will now appoint a valuer to value the assets and then transfer them to mseb for the price that the valuer arrives at , " the official said . " it ( enron ) was left with no choice other than to serve the transfer notice as the ongoing discussions with the government of india , indian financial institutions are yielding no significant progress toward a fair and reasonable solution . " in a statement , dabhol power said the asset transfer notice follows more than two years of late payments and defaults in payments from the electricity board and a repudiation of the power purchase agreement by the board . it said : " following the transfer notice , the final termination notice is likely to be served in the near future to continue the legal process against the board . " / pb for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . shell : enron india oil , gas assets buy talk " speculative " 11 / 06 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) singapore - ( dow jones ) - the royal dutch / shell group ' s ( rd ) unit in india tuesday described as " speculative " industry talk that it was interested in acquiring enron corp . ' s ( ene ) indian upstream assets , if bg group plc ' s ( brg ) acquisition of the assets collapses . " we wouldn ' t comment on market speculation , " said s . ravi , shell ' s corporate spokesman in india . the new delhi - based managing director of shell india production development bv - shell ' s oil and gas exploration division in the country - also declined to comment on the matter when contacted by dow jones newswires . he reiterated that the industry talk was " speculative . " industry sources have said shell has expressed an interest in acquiring enron india ' s upstream assets and held informal talks with bg ' s unit in new delhi at the end of october to discuss the matter . bg paid us $ 388 million for enron ' s 30 % stake in oil and gas fields offshore western india in october , but the sale is subject to a number of consents and conditions including confirmation from enron and gas india ' s joint venture partners - oil 65 - 415 - 4066 ; sri . jegarajah @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron plans to sell 50 % of s korean jv with sk corp 11 / 06 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 822 - 732 - 2165 ; jung - won . shin @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . tractebel , enron in 245 mw mexican cogeneration project 11 / 06 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 322 - 285 - 0137 ; stefaan . lust @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . seven oil - services , drilling firms record 10 % share - price hit last week . 11 / 06 / 2001 the oil daily ( c ) 2001 energy intelligence group . all rights reserved . shares of many leading energy companies suffered sharp share - price declines last week amid a drop in the broader equity market and falling crude oil prices . the dow jones industrial average fell 2 . 3 % to close at 9 , 323 on friday , following a gloomy week for broad economic fundamentals . the us department of commerce announced that the us economy shrank by 0 . 4 % in the third quarter - the first quarterly drop in economic growth since first - quarter 1993 - and the department of labor reported that us unemployment soared to 5 . 4 % last month , up from 4 . 9 % in september . concerns about the faltering economy created anxiety about crude oil demand . the price of front - month light , sweet crude on the new york mercantile exchange ( nymex ) closed at $ 20 . 18 / barrel on friday , down nearly $ 2 / bbl on the week ( od nov . 5 , p 3 ) . us natural gas prices continued to firm , with front - month henry hub prices on the nymex closing at $ 3 . 24 / million btu , up 20 ? on the week . although gas prices rose , the drop in oil prices caused some oil - services and drilling companies to give back some of the big gains they had recorded the prior week ( od oct . 30 , p 6 ) . halliburton , pride international , noble drilling , petroleum geo - services , ensco international , schlumberger , transocean sedco forex , and global marine each saw their shares fall by 10 % or more last week ( see table ) . still , corporate news was the catalyst for the biggest share - price losers . houston - based genesis energy , which operates crude oil pipelines and is an independent gatherer and marketer of crude , suffered the worst drop , at 37 . 5 % . the sharp decline was precipitated by news that the limited partnership would reduce quarterly distributions from 20 ? to 10 ? due to a credit crunch . unsurprisingly , houston - based energy trading giant enron was near the top of share - price losers list for last week . the stock has been in a free - fall since early october due to a rash of news that included the departure of two top executives and the revelation of serious balance sheet problems . last week , enron shares plunged by nearly 27 % after credit ratings agency moody ' s downgraded the company ' s corporate credit rating and provided a gloomy outlook for its future ( od nov . 5 , pl ) . among last week ' s stock winners , troubled norwegian service firm kvaerner topped the list with a gain of about 24 % . kvaerner shares jumped after the company agreed to a financial reorganization plan with its biggest shareholder , russian major yukos , and its top creditors ( od oct . 31 , p 6 ) . cms energy saw its shares rise by about 7 % on the back of higher gas prices and the sale of its gas operations in equatorial guinea to marathon for nearly $ 1 billion in cash ( od nov . 5 , pl ) . paul merolli . ( c ) copyright 2001 . the oil daily co . for more infomation , call 800 - 999 - 2718 ( in u . s . ) or 202 - 662 - 0700 ( outside u . s . ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones we expect at least one more leg down to test $ 2 . 80 [ per million btu ] in the next few weeks . " andrew h . ware . ( c ) copyright 2001 . the oil daily co . for more infomation , call 800 - 999 - 2718 ( in u . s . ) or 202 - 662 - 0700 ( outside u . s . ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron credit web site lists no rating for enron corp . by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 05 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - enron credit is a web site created by enron corp . ( ene ) to help provide traders with tools to hedge against credit exposure - except , it seems , when it comes to trading in enron . the enron - operated site tracks more than 10 , 000 companies , giving each a rating known as the " enron cost of credit . " the rating is expressed as an interest rate , and a higher rate indicates increased credit exposure . previously , enron ranked itself among the companies for which it provides data , but a recent trip to the site showed that when asked for enron ' s own cost of credit , the site was " temporarily not showing prices for this company . " why no listing for enron ? " the situation is too fluid , " said an enron spokeswoman . she said it was common for enron credit analysts to stop listing a company when its credit situation is " volatile . " other companies currently not listed by the service include pg & e corp . ( pcg ) , the parent of bankrupt california utility pacific gas & electric co . , and compaq computer corp . ( cpq ) , which is being acquired by hewlett - packard co . ( hwp ) . the spokeswoman said she didn ' t know when enron ' s listing had been pulled from the site , or what its last posted rating was . however , not all references to enron were pulled . according to the web site ' s graphing section , which charts the cost of credit for companies over time , the average cost of credit for companies in the gas sector is 1 . 07 , but enron ' s own cost of credit is listed at 8 . 51 for the same period . this is based on a three - year liability . by comparison , enron ' s rivals in the merchant energy marketing and trading arena have sharply lower rankings . for example , dynegy inc . ( dyn ) weighs in at 1 . 26 , while el paso corp . ( epg ) is at 1 . 90 , and williams cos . ( wmb ) at 1 . 38 . the enron spokeswoman was surprised to discover the listing and said it was appearing " by mistake . " she confirmed the information was accurate . enron is updating its rating internally . enron credit under microscope enron ' s credit has been under the microscope since the company posted a third - quarter charge of more than $ 1 billion to write off some failed investments . the company also later disclosed an additional $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholders ' equity caused by the early termination of controversial outside partnerships run by its former chief financial officer andy fastow . in the weeks that followed the disclosure , enron ' s credit rating was first downgraded by moody ' s investor service , and then by standard 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: graduate college from home sm o n l i n e u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s d e g r e e s obtain diploma , degree , master we send the certificate to all countries ( worldwide ) consider a prosperous future , money earning power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews required . discrete and affordable . everyone eligible . to be removed from future contact : dab song bosom federate cavernous patrician blythe ahmedabad penn exothermic cortland nasty annuity admiral annoyance parliamentarian practicable urine caliper drew cobol phosphate ash literacy cushman parrot embedder nondescript armstrong wrestle profound spongy informal rowley dwelt bilinear argonne rafael yarmulke portray crunch cavemen oath sunk habitant bayport pig induce cranky irishman sigh barnyard furtive headstone herd sus strenuous culpa ellen chug manganese argument divergent specific chuck zeta wallop pinnate rodney councilwomen flocculate swallow muck addressograph bass poignant dowry alcoholic housewives signpost revocable bad pungent safety chrysanthemum dress bonaventure apollo bleeker mt eigenvalue mythic fluvial cinder carboy concretion markham author caliph purgatory depositor wolff takeoff option tweeze bedspring solvent calumniate confectionery dominick drake buttress bayonet cuprous behave cryptanalyze tacoma levee clime crossway felicity heuser agglomerate colorate backfill persistent dorothy granite primary deprecate arraign burden deregulatory stolen pacifism polis inasmuch quarrelsome temptress gigawatt timeout grackle doneck whittier bolt compromise patriarchal bulky avuncular gluing reedy cloak agriculture commentator psycho augment ginseng cabana h ' s fob persecutory medallion introduction itch polity berra asuncion bethought give lazy grosset neapolitan drum desorption infirmary frontier delicti future aster batik bahrein event temptation fungus bennett allyn rump guildhall heterodyne drop broglie irregular rostrum acrimonious contravene embargoes instable analyst benedictine infernal luminance trout ferromagnetism coleman brookline glitter sarasota gossip pacesetting tina blocky hoagie busy pasteup patrimony invective barracuda principal calamity concede barbecue nutcrack resolve fay dialysis lark panorama burlap deem separate they ' re pakistan traversable scimitar include geese huzzah altogether appall analogue winchester chantry ellis dapple science buck sierra petite petri chesapeake insert hendrick methodology bulldog museum earthmover pushout upright valent douglass said osiris earthen assimilable mana pidgin panic acquire epidemic rejoinder eagan emma broach carbonate downtown runneth epitaxial gallows nighttime jockstrap franca treadmill celestial coplanar bloodroot parody transferral maze chronic melcher agony battery hymn shortish churchill backdrop pose edition commemorate stormbound eel hut witch orchard selwyn merritt cossack nassau competition gyrocompass bridgehead trammel confide allergy ebb hollywood coccidiosis authenticate compartment garibaldi caldwell bricklay silk muir patrician diffractometer squad congestion bleary skyjack indiscretion birgit dumb delia compensatory leaden summertime sawdust titrate quasicontinuous errantry terramycin trollop serpens birmingham nh walsh face oman party dockside snuffer additive periphery erasmus consignee emigrate parent einsteinian hackle sixteenth basketball misanthropic attribute existent jennie elope bipartisan fleabane serfdom factorial ponderous bathe sophoclean systemwide transduction nebulae tirade chastity cream blown horology adriatic dorothea ridiculous chairperson stratford monster luge my choice sioux visceral drink rhodesia desk kohlrabi moliere boat eigenvalue dally embellish assonant superfluity chew ruben laszlo simplify gemini boast courtier herd whelm slavish spook weller bonnet cornerstone pathogen leone shako buchenwald pliancy excessive oneupmanship camilla darrell elicit boardinghouse battelle rumen cesare brevet ellipsoid aftereffect venus katz roast wavenumber biddy kankakee louis attache convulse castor wobble delectable credulous doublet ed decipher apace elton nat richardson alderman bookcase jon quartet american subsume advisee downs imposition pusan drowse darkle cannery phenomenal ct tradesmen nazareth heroes chapman largesse broglie populate advert seventeen butler aborigine inkling rabat whitehead bark venal deere permeate auckland particulate wop assassinate booby owens bureau grantor blindfold paleozoic committeewomen industrious runyon dunbar ringside orange  
2	Subject: weather trading prize draw dear michelle : thank you for registering for the weather trading europe prize draw sponsored by corporate insurance and risk . we ' re pleased to let you know that your name has been drawn as one of the winners . in order to confirm your free delegate pass for the event , please respond to this email with all your contact details . we will then register you for the event and send out information about booking your hotel room . we suggest that you do this as soon as possible as we are quickly running out of space at the hotel . if you are going to be unable to make the event , please let us know , as we will pass on the ticket to another prize draw entrant . your place is transferable to one of your colleagues , so if you can ' t make it feel free to pass on the ticket to one of your colleagues and simply let us know . we look forward to seeing you in amsterdam . regards , allison allison robertshaw director [ p ] + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7375 7570 [ f ] + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7375 7511 [ e ] arobertshaw @ eyeforenergy . com  
2	Subject: tw imbalance summary line pack was increased by an estimated 334 , 095 mmbtus due to imbalances - see the monthly tab for details by operator 
2	Subject: feel the need to succeed one ' s own successful business . court awards processor . your office and be anywhere . flex hours . many earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo . excellent training and support . more information here , or to un - subscribe or to see our address . while considering this suggestion rob remembered how at one time five pirates had clung to his left leg and been carried some distance through the air have you a rope ? he askedno , was the answer ; but there are plenty of long , tough vines growing on the island that are just as strong and pliable as ropes then , if you are willing to run the chances , decided the boy , i will make the attempt to save youbut i must warn you that in case i find i can not support the weight of your bodies i shall drop one or both of you into the sea they looked grave at this prospect , but the biggest one said : we would soon meet death from starvation if you left us here on the island ; so , as there is at least a chance of our being able to escape in your company i , for one , am willing to risk being drownedit is easier and quicker than being starved  
2	Subject: the houston expl dec 2000 daren : i ' m not sure if you can help me , but i have a danny conner deal from december 2000 that has a price issue . we were buying gas from the houston exploration company on black marlin , high island 138 / hpl meter 98663 , deal 508426 . the deal was priced at hsc - 0 . 14 . in december , a new platform came on , high island 115 / hpl meter 986431 . it did not start flowing until the 20 th . danny did not put a new deal in for this meter , so we combined the gas on deal 508426 . the houston exploration thinks that the gas at hi 115 should be kept separate and priced at hsc gd - 0 . 14 since it did not begin flowing until the 20 th . we agree that we received the gas . we have the pipeline statement from black marlin . we just don ' t have the same pricing . the houston exploration shows that we owe them an additional $ 222 k due to this price difference . we only purchased this gas in dec 2000 and jan 2001 . the deal for jan , 547063 , was priced at gd - 0 . 14 . can you verify how this deal should be priced ? i sent this issue to danny back in january and he said the if price was correct , but the houston exploration is sticking to their price . if you need to talk to their trader , his name is lester lipperdt 713 - 830 - 6960 . megan 
2	Subject: hello friend from mr . michael siisi , greetings to you , before i introduce myself , i wish to inform you that this letter is not a hoax mail and i urge you to treat it serious . this letter must come to you as a big surprise , but i believe it is only a day that people meet and become great friends and business partners . my name is mr . michael siisi , the present branch manager of a bank here in ghana . i write you this proposal in good faith , believing that i can trust you with the information i am about to reveal to you . like i said , i have a transaction that will benefit both of us , as your assistance is required as a foreigner . i use to head the accounts department in my bank head office , but last december i was asked to take position of a manager of our branch in kumasi who passed on , so that was how i became the present manager and discovered a fortune . as i resumed duty , i discovered an account with total sum of $ 12 , 500 , 000 million that has not been operated on for the past 4 years . from my investigation , i found out that this account belongs to one late mr . morris thompson an american great industrialist and a resident of alaska , who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read more news about the crash on visiting this site which i got during my investigation ; http : / / www . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines . list / and http : / / www . nativefederation . org / history / people / mthompson . html the account is escrow call account , a secret type of account in my bank and no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary . i have kept a close monitoring of the account since then and nobody has come forward to ask about the money as next of kin to the late mr . morris thompson , meaning that no one is aware of the account . i cannot directly take out this money without the help of a foreigner and that is why i am contacting you for an assistance to claim the funds and share it with me . as the manager of my bank branch , i have the power to influence the release of the funds to any foreigner that comes up as the next of kin to the account , with the correct information concerning the account , which i shall give you . i am seeking your co - operation to present you as the next of kin to the account , so that my bank head quarters will release the funds to you . there is practically no risk involved , the transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of law . if you accept to work with me , i want you to state how you wish us to share the funds in percentage , so that both parties will be satisfied . contact me as soon as you receive this message if you feel we can work together , so we can go over the details . thanking you in advance and may god bless you . please , treat with utmost confidentiality . i wait your urgent response . you can as well contact me by fax , + 233 27621073 and my phone number is + 233208216645 . regards , mr . michael siisi . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ crea la tshirt con il tuo nick ! http : / / www . mediasetshop . it / jumpychat / 
2	Subject: greetings mr . joseph ayo financial trust bank no : 17 cole street , victoria - island lagos - nigeria dear friend , my name is mr . joseph ayo a staff financial trust bank . i have this urgent deal to transact with you if you can do it . there is an unclaimed deposited fund of $ 15 million in the name of jame johnson with no traceable address . this fund has stayed over 10 years in the bank without a claimant . professionally , any unclaimed money for a period exceeding 10 years is recovered by the bank . i being in the position of the file . i wants any foreign partner to assume the next of kin of the late james johnson and write to the financial trust bank for claims . i will advice you adequately on how to do it when i hear from you . bear in mind that i will stand as a neutral body to the whole transaction . you will only be dealing with any attorney we choose . your compensation has been taken into consideration as the account provider . to be precise , your share is 20 % of the total amount . any financial assistance we receive from you will be re - inbursed immediately the fund gets into your account . i am willing to give you the details of the money and the way we can execute the deal successfully but let me see the desire from you first . please observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assitance to invest my share in your country . please upon the reciept of this mail message , send to me the following , to enable start the process of the fund into your bank account : 1 . your full name and address . 2 . your private telephone and fax numbers awaiting your urgent reply via my alternative email : ayojjl 2 @ yahoo . it thank you , sinderely . mr . joseph ayo . mail sent from webmail service at bogor linux - http : / / bogor . linux . or . id 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software ( exim ) . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : info @ markenweine . info smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : : host a . mx . markenweine . info [ 194 . 180 . 104 . 146 ] : 554 : relay access denied - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from aji 232 . neoplus . adsl . tpnet . pl ( [ 83 . 25 . 242 . 232 ] helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by mail . work . de with smtp ( exim 3 . 35 # 1 ( debian ) ) id ldupje - 0006 gu - 00 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 54 : 03 + 0200 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360200 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ markenweine . info user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: schedules , maps , etc . gentlemen : attached is a schedule of activities as well as maps and driving instructions for those who are driving to campus friday morning . the dress for friday is casual ( no ties , sport shirts and jackets if you wish ) . for those of you who have asked about thursday night ' s dinner please note that we have pushed it up to 6 - 8 pm at ninfa ' s mexican restaurant . at this point i plan to pick up bennett s . and don c . from the marriott before 6 and will do the same for anyone else ( let me know ) . the restaurant is in easy walking distance of the hilton and marriott . please note the times for your individual interviews / video taping on friday . some of you are leaving early so we are taping you from 11 - 12 friday morning while others are being taped after the program is over . i ' m sure i ' ve forgotten something so you ' ll probably get more e - mails . however , this should take care of the primary stuff . i ' m really looking forward to seeing all of you and to hearing your thoughts in the workshops . more later , john - schedule _ map . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: kingwood cove golf specials ! ! welcome & enjoy kingwood cove golf specials . please take advantage of the special offers . you will receive notices weekly or bi - weekly . if you no longer wish to receive these messages , simply reply with your request . keep it in the fairway . * * april e - mail specials * * * * 3 pay & 4 play * * 4 play for the price of 3 anytime - monday thru friday after 12 pm - saturday , sunday & holidays ( offer valid with purchase of cart & green fee per player ) must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with sr / jr rates or other offers . expires 05 / 02 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . or * * pick your partner / price * * weekday - anytime weekends after 12 pm 2 play for $ 22 ea . 2 play for $ 24 ea . 3 play for $ 20 ea . 3 play for $ 22 ea . 4 play for $ 18 ea . 4 play for $ 20 ea . ( monday thru friday ) ( saturday , sunday & holidays ) ( offer includes cart & green fee ) must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with sr / jr rates , tournaments or other offers . expires 05 / 02 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . or * * xl 2000 special * * monday thru friday - anytime $ 20 per player saturday , sunday & holidays - after 12 pm $ 30 per player golf invitation good for up to 4 players . receive 1 / 2 cart , green fee , range balls plus a sleeve of xl 2000 golf balls . must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with other offers or tournaments . expires 05 / 02 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * * golf lesson special * * lessons save $ 15 buy two or more lessons and save $ 15 per lesson fine tune your swing now . expires 05 / 02 / 00 . - may spring clinics - ( 6 hours of instruction for $ 75 ) what ' s happening ? - senior tournament every monday morning - ladies league starting tuesday mornings - skins game every wednesday afternoon @ 1 : 00 pm - kingwood cove golf association monthly tournaments 
2	Subject: ( no subject ) request for urgent business assistance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - i stumbled into your contact by stroke of luck after a long search for an honest and trust worthy person who could handle issue with high confidentiality . i was so dilghted when i got your contact and i decided to contact you and solicite for your kind assistance . i hope you will let this issue to remain confidential even if you are not interested because of my status . i am laurent mpeti kabila ( jnr ) the second son of late president laurent desire kabila the immediate past president of the democratic republic of congo in africa who was murdered by his opposition through his personal bodyguards in his bedroom on tuesday 16 th january , 2001 . i have the privilege of being mandated by my father , s colleagues to seek your immediate and urgent co - operation to receive into your bank account the sum of us $ 25 m . ( twenty - five million dollars ) and some thousands carats of diamond . this money and treasures was lodged in a vault with a security firm in europe and south - africa . sources of diamonds and fund in august 2000 , my father as a defence minister and president has a meeting with his cabinet and armychief about the defence budget for 2000 to 2001 which was us $ 700 m . so he directed one of his best friend . frederic kibasa maliba who was a minister of mines and a political party leader known as the union sacree de , opposition radicale et ses allies ( usoral ) to buy arms with us $ 200 m on 5 th january 2001 ; for him to finalize the arms deal , my father was murdered . f . k . maliba ( fkm ) and i have decided to keep the money with a foreigner after which he will use it to contest for the political election . inspite of all this we have resolved to present you or your company for the firm to pay it into your nominated account the above sum and diamonds . this transaction should be finalized within seven ( 7 ) working days and for your co - operation and partnership , we have unanimously agreed that you will be entitled to 5 . 5 % of the money when successfully receive it in your account . the nature of your business is not relevant to the successful execution of this transaction what we require is your total co - operation and commitment to ensure 100 % risk - free transaction at both ends and to protect the persons involved in this transaction strict confidence and utmost secrecy is required even after the uccessful conclusion of this transaction . if this proposal is acceptable to you , kindly provide me with your personal telephone and fax through my e - mail box for immediate commencement of the transaction . i count on your honour to keep my secret , secret . looking forward for your urgent reply thanks . best regards mpeti l . kabila ( jnr ) http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject:  ( envelope - from 20040929124340 . cca 972659112757918286 . 39382 qi @ earthlink . com ) message - id : 20040929124340 . cca . 71866 qi @ earthlink . com notification : no reply - to : matilda cox qi @ earthlink . com date : thu , 10 feb 2005 03 : 13 : 03 + 0200 from : matilda cox qi @ earthlink . com to : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr subject : paliourg mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit x - mailer : accucast ( http : / / www . accucast . com ) html brbr micros 0 ft for pennies brbr a href  http : / / degassing . jnalfjledi . info / ? ' em out / abrbr br br br clergymen archaic waddle duress hate gun salem buckboard sarasota blustery transposable willowy wadi appointe philology require saxon gmt palmolive agnes it numeral burgundy armoire insensitive cranny gnu polio incommensurable redact gamble hard pennsylvania marriott ubiquitous / html  
2	Subject: salaam / greetings dear , i am mrs . suha arafat , the wife of yasser arafat , the palestinian leader who died recently in paris . since his death and even prior to the announcement , i have been thrown into a state of antagonism , confusion , humiliation , frustration and hopelessness by the present leadership of the palestinian liberation organization and the new prime minister . i have even been subjected to physical and psychological torture . as a widow that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with everybody in the country at the moment . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the discovery of some fund in my husband secret bank account and companies and the allegations of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in my name of which i have refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt palestine government . in fact the total sum allegedly discovered by the government so far is in the tune of about $ 6 . 5 billion dollars . and they are not relenting on their effort to make me poor for life . i have deposited the sum of 21 million dollars with a security financial firm in whose name is withheld for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safe keeping and investment opportunity . this arrangement will be known to you and i alone and all our correspondence should be strictly on email alone because our government has tapped all my lines and are monitoring all my moves . in view of the above , if you are willing to assist for our mutual benefits , we will have to negotiate on your percentage share of the $ 21 , 000 , 000 that will be kept in your position for a while pending when my daughter , zahwa , will come off age and take full responsibility of her family estate / inheritance . please , if you are honest , i am going to entrust more funds in your care as this is one of the legacy we keep for our children . in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security and international media as i am giving you this information in total trust and confidence i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith and send to me your complete personal contact information . may god bless you and your household . yours sincerely , madam suha . reply to : shh _ 43 @ yahoo . it 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 22 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 322 . xls ) - hplno 322 . xls 
2	Subject: urgent ! ! i have a question about your website ? hello , my name is steve scott and i ' m president and ceo of seizecars . com i will like to share with you on how i made thousands of website owners like yourself very rich . yes , i mean filthy rich . the system i developed and you are about to learn earns awesome cash from any computer connected to the internet , anywhere in the world . in one month you can earned more than an entire years work ! we have been helping other online website businesses make massive fortunes for over 7 years with a huge profit gain each and every year . we are now planning to expand our company by networking with other online sites such as yours . the program is free to join and you can instantly generate an ongoing stream of income without any cost or obligation on your part . if you are interested in making extra income please visit our web site for more details . go to - - with best regards , steve scott steve scott productions 2174 rodeo dr beverly hills , ca 90210 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : iris mack molly , this is the list of people we can ask to interview iris . i would include one ( or possibly more ) people from each group below , depending on availability . 1 . debbie brackett or bill bradford 2 . ted murphy , bjorn hagelman or david port 3 . mark tawney or joe hrgovcic 4 . greg whalley or louise kitchen i shall send a message to them explaining that we try to identify the best fit for a good candidate . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 12 / 18 / 2000 11 : 57 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : iris mack iris would like to come on thursday , 12 / 28 / 2000 , to visit with you and your group . she will be in new orleans , and will just fly in for the day . molly 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: re : resume vince , could you give him ( bill ) a call at 1 or 2 on friday cst ? his cell phone is 918 - 625 - 6683 . marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com http : / / www . robertwalters . com > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 6 : 36 pm > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : re : resume > > > marshall , > > i am catching up with my mail . we would like to talk to this candidate as > well > ( phone interview ) . > > vince > > > > > > marshall brown on 02 / 21 / 2001 12 : 36 : 39 > pm > > to : vince kaminski > cc : > subject : resume > > > vince , > this candidate would be interested in speaking with you . > regards , > > marshall brown > vice president > robert walters associates > tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 > fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 > mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com > http : / / www . robertwalters . com > > > > > > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could > be intercepted by a third party . > > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify > the system manager . > > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > ( see attached file : kour _ vas . doc ) > > > 
2	Subject: get your babies diapers bill paid for , for a year ! your family could definately use this , now go . odzzfzzq 
2	Subject: new antidote discovered the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' ships direct from the medical research facility . kills all known viruses bacteria kept in the body as diseases before they attack . * common flus / colds * influenza * sars * cancer * hiv * etc . to learn more please follow : http : / / www . ertyiurewr . com / fvd a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . http : / / www . ertyiurewr . com / fvd we are the only company in the world who have developed a nd enhanced this product for sale . if you cannot access the site it maybe busy due to high demand for this product . please try again later in a few hours or the next day . nah http : / / www . ertyiurewr . com / backhome  
2	Subject: pictures keep year put . plain include two consider , could . her fly rock once and . until plain late . live tree work test region scale blow . were , interest method . say wonder hear . horse , write office . rock grass good common . keep noun govern . page group cover power , soldier , read . look grow , snow should warm . - - phone : 631 - 184 - 4615 mobile : 642 - 535 - 1032 email : waldo . trafford @ cgocable . net  
2	Subject: re : conversation w / andersen vince : forwarding this to you as an fyi - do you suppose you should sit in since you ' ve already met victor ? just a thought . . . regards , amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy oberg / hou / ees on 08 / 09 / 2000 10 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard causey @ enron 08 / 09 / 2000 10 : 30 am to : amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : conversation w / andersen i am in the process of setting up a conference call with my contact here as well as victor burke . prelimainary indications are they have not finalized their objectives yet but i will discuss that further with them . i would still strongly suggest rescheduling until everyone can attend and we can fully discuss our involvement . to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : conversation w / andersen rick : quick follow up - any response yet from your contacts at andersen ? we are holding off cancelling the thurs meeting w / hope they will get back to you by eob wednesday . pls let me know what the status is . thanks and regards , amy oberg richard causey @ enron 08 / 07 / 2000 09 : 07 am to : amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : mit / aa new value research lab i have discussed with aa and they are following up . if i am the agenda , i would cancel the meeting and when i hear from aa , i will e mail everyone . i would suggest we not hold a meeting until kean , buy , koenig and i can all come so that we can truly move forward ( or decide not to ) . let me know what you decide . thanks . rick to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : mit / aa new value research lab rick : just wanted to highlight that you are the agenda for this meeting ( see initial notice , agenda ) . let me know if there ' s anything i can do for you . amy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy oberg / hou / ees on 08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : carol moffett 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 21 pm phone no : 713 - 853 - 6658 phone 888 - 782 - 3518 pager eb 613 b to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , marie hejka / corp / enron @ enron , steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron cc : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , christie connell / corp / enron @ enron , maureen mcvicker / hou / ees @ ees , laura gutierrez / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , joannie williamson / corp / enron @ enron subject : meeting confirmed : mit / aa new value research lab this will confirm the meeting requested below . please note , all invitees are not available , but the confirmed meeting time is the best time for most of the invitees . date : thursday - august 10 time : 11 : 00 a to noon place : conference room 4741 confirmed attendees : rick causey marie hejka steve kean amy oberg mark palmer mark ruane thanks for your help , everyone . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carol moffett / hou / ees on 08 / 03 / 2000 04 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : carol moffett 08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 44 pm phone no : 713 - 853 - 6658 phone 888 - 782 - 3518 pager eb 613 b to : ginger dernehl / hou / ees @ ees , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , laura gutierrez / hou / ect @ ect , laura valencia / corp / enron @ enron , patty pennington / enron communications @ enron communications cc : steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees , marie hejka / corp / enron @ enron subject : meeting request : mit / aa new value research lab good afternoon . i am assisting amy oberg with setting up a meeting among the individuals listed below . would you be so kind as to review their calendars and let me know if they are available during any of the suggested meeting times . meeting topic : mit / aa new value research lab meeting purpose : follow up to discussion from 8 / 1 / 00 ; rick causey to brief group on conversations w / aa regarding " where they intend to go with this effort " . attendees : steve kean vince kaminski rick buy rick causey mark ruane mark koenig mark palmer amy oberg marie hejka suggested meeting dates and times : thursday - august 10 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 10 : 00 a thursday - august 10 11 : 00 to noon friday - august 11 anytime between 8 : 00 a and 9 : 30 a friday - august 11 1 : 00 p to 2 : 00 p thank you . 
2	Subject: stewart seeligson joins ebs hi stinson & vince this is the person that kevin howard told me about - - kevin did the finacing portion of the deals mentioned blow and stewart was the commercial counterpart . he will be heading up hamachi towards its closure this week . ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 13 / 00 02 : 20 pm - - - - - ebs office of the chairman sent by : dolph selten 03 / 13 / 00 01 : 47 pm to : ec employees - - all @ enron communications cc : subject : stewart seeligson joins ebs we are pleased to announce that stewart seeligson has joined ebs relocating after more than 4 years from enron europe in london . stewart started with enron nearly six years ago as an associate in ect in houston . in europe , stewart was successful in playing a key role in sutton bridge , originating a number of highly structured transactions including the eastern deals and more recently co - led enron ' s commercial activities in spain especially the development of a 1200 mw ccgt which is expected to begin construction later this year . stewart will assist in developing , managing and leading several of our more complicated mission critical commercial transactions . in particular , stewart will focus on those transactions which require multiple functions across ebs , a role stewart excelled in at enron europe . stewart will report directly to ken rice as a vice president , but will work directly with each of the commercial business unit leaders on a project specific basis . please welcome stewart to the ebs team . 
2	Subject: re : meter 1517 phillips said we shorted them gas on december lst so they pulled it on january 1 . can we verify that we did not deliver 5 , 00 on dec . 1 ? if that is the case and this was a firm sale , we owe him some gas at dec index less ( . 045 ) . which is bad ! let me know what happened in dec before i can put this deal out in jan . daren j farmer 01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 25 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 1517 gary , have you negotiated a price on this ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 01 / 02 / 2001 02 : 14 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 1517 daren - meter 1517 has a nom of 0 / day for jan . it flowed about 5 . 400 on day 1 . this is a valid flow . could you please extend the deal from dec . ( deal # 506192 ) or create a new one ? thanks . al 
2	Subject: can men live like kings in their own home ? explode your sex life all natural alternative ! men of iron has been featured on over 100 tv news and top radio stations across america , and we know why . . . it really works ! buy two bottles and get one free formulated for men no doctor visit required ! no prescription needed ! not a drug ! click here to visit our web site iron man benefits :  number 1 formula for men  dramatically enhances organism  no negative side effects ( all natural ingredients ) .  boosts multiple orgasms !  does not increase blood pressure !  increases circulation in men so erections become firmer .  helps men with a sexual response dysfunction , or lack of interest in sex .  clears impotency problems .  boosts multiple climaxes .  relieves emotional ups downs , and headaches !  helps relieve prostate problems .  lowers cholesterol .  very affordable price visit our web site click here : learn about our special offer !  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: popular meds cheeapest for u , no approval needed at all rumple leaping hartshorn silage pranks , 7 o % discount medlcationsno prescription needed at all ! we loo % assured no need prescription our products : anti anxiety : valium , xanaax anti depresssant : prozac , zoloft , paxil men ' s health : \ / iagra , \ / iagra soft tablet , super \ / iagra ( cialis ) , propecia , levitra wieght loss : meridia , xenical sleeping aid : ambien pain relief : celebrex , vioxx , soma diabetes : glucophage stop smoking : zyban cholesterol : lipitor - 24 / 7 support - live support for easy problem solving or questions - order dispatch tracking - package tracking - re - order discounts ( saavve up to 100 bucks per ordered product ) - personalized area to the site - we remember what you order , for ease of re - ordering - 100 % satisfaction guarantee - cheeap medication ! - and much , much more . . . . no embrassment , discreet packagingshiip worldwide & order here now ! no thanks oilfield response majidae pretender deceitful cyclic hanukkah exprobate ecumenism .  
2	Subject: natural rapid growth t a h l r l g l n g a s t s u r r q a c l m o m q a b l g e k c e w n a h y a b n d c k e f m t e t n y t j attention men : you have nothing to loose and inches to gain . . there is no another product available from any other manufacturer in the world that can match the industry leading penile enlargement and sexual enhancement benefits of this product . you can rest assured that when you are using this product you are using the most effective and safe product made from only the finest ingredients . click the link below and change your life for the better today ! i have been using this formula for 4 months and the result has been everything i was told plus a little extra . this formula is not only a safe natural drug but it is easy to take . . . click here to order now , order 3 get 1 free go ahead and stop  
2	Subject: luncheon at cera roundtable in houston cambridge energy research associates ( cera ) is pleased that you will be joining us on wednesday , november 1 , 2000 for our roundtable sessions at the four seasons hotel ? in houston , texas . ? during the roundtable day , our luncheon in between sessions will feature a special presentation from cera ' s latin america energy expert , sondra scott , speaking about the future of mexico ' s energy industry . as a participant in cera ' s roundtables on november 1 , you are already registered for this luncheon . ? we look forward to your participation . sincerely , alberto bullrich ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? lauren laidlaw ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? business development ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? associate * * special update on " brazil : market rules and power plays " * * our multiclient study , " brazil : market rules and power plays " is now being completed . ? this study is a powerful tool to help evaluate current and future strategies , test investment decisions , manage uncertainty , and capture opportunities in this exciting power market . it will serve as both a blueprint for your immediate business planning needs and a guide for monitoring and enhancing your strategic planning for near - and long - term developments . ? for more information on this study , please visit our website at http : / / eprofile . cera . com / offerings / mcs / brazpow / 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020109 . txt 
2	Subject: paliourg are you married ? enlarge your member nrg enlargement pills we offer the best male augmentation on the web success is guaranteed or receive a full refund check us out and improve your quality of life click here for more info no ineesed ? click hee  
2	Subject: lose 11 pounds in 7 days iml long time no chat ! how have you been ? if you ' ve been like me , you ' ve been trying trying almost everything to lose weight . i know how you feel - the special diets , miracle pills , and fancy exercise equipment never helped me lose the pounds i needed to lose either . it seemed like the harder i worked at it , the less weight i lost - until i heard about ' extreme power plus ' . you ' re probably thinking to yourself , " oh geez , not another miracle diet pill ! " like you , i was skeptical at first , but my sister said it helped her lose 23 pounds in just 2 weeks , so i told her i ' d give it a try . i mean , there was nothing to lose except a lot of weight ! let me tell you , it was the best decision i ' ve ever made . period . six months later , as i ' m writing this message to you , i ' ve gone from 355 pounds to 210 pounds , and i haven ' t changed my exercise routine or diet at all . yes , i still eat pizza , and lots of it ! i was so happy with the results that i contacted the manufacturer and received permission to resell it - at a huge discount . i feel the need to help other people lose weight like i did , because it does so much for your self - esteem , not to mention your health . i am giving you my personal pledge that ' extreme power plus ' absolutely will work for you . 100 % money - back guaranteed ! if you are frustrated with trying other products , without having any success , and just not getting the results you were promised , then i recommend the only product that worked for me - ' extreme power plus ' ! you ' re probably asking yourself , " ok , so how does this stuff actually work ? " extreme power plus contains lipotropic fat burners and ephedra which is scientifically proven to increase metabolism and cause rapid weight loss . no " hocus pocus " in these pills - just results ! ! ! here is the bottom line . . . i can help you lose 10 - 15 pounds per week naturally , without exercising and without having to eat rice cakes all day . just try it for one month - there ' s pounds to lose and confidence to gain ! you will lose weight fast - guaranteed . this is my pledge to you . bonus ! order now and get free shipping on 3 bottles or more ! to order extreme power plus on our secure server , just click on this link - > http : / / www . 2002 dietspecials . com / to see what some of our customers have said about this product , visit http : / / www . 2002 dietspecials . com / testimonials . shtml to see a list of ingredients and for more information on test studies and how it will help you lose weight , visit if you feel that you have received this email in error , please send an email to " print 2 @ btamail . net . cn " requesting to be removed . thank you , and we apologize for any inconvenience . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: dr . mrs mariam abacha . attention dear ; i am delighted to write this letter to you hoping that you will understand my predicament and answer back without hesitation . i am mrs . mariam abacha wife of the late nigerian head of state general sani abacha . i got your contact through business inquires from the chamber of commerce as i was making contact for a honest foreigner who will help save my life and my children , hence our country has been frustrating to us since the death of my husband . i am in possession of $ 35 , 000 . 000 ( thirty five million u . s dollars ) which i want to invest in your country . for your clarification and understanding , this money is in a truck box which was deposited with a security company indisguise as a family treasure diamond and gold since 5 th of may 1999 . it is not an ill gotten wealth rather it was willed to me by my late husband . on your acceptance to render this assistance to me , i will instruct the security company to effect the change of ownership of this fund to your name as the bona - fide owner / my next of kin to enable you retrieve the fund since the box can not be moved out of our country by the family ' s name . it is very important that you forward to me your full name , your private telephone and fax numbers / occupation , to enable me send all relevant documents pertaining the deposit of this fund to you . bear in mind that this transaction demands absolute confidentiality because all properties , assets and bank accounts both local and international bearing the abacha ' s family name , are been confiscated by the already elected civilian president of nigeria so called ( president olusegun obasanjo ) hence i will not want to be exposed this is to aviod losing the money . for your knowledge , 20 % of this fund $ 35 , 000 . 000 ( thirty five million u . s dollars ) will be given to you if you assist me to secure this fund and another 10 % has set aside for all the expenses you might incur during the process of securing this fund . example : telephone / fax bills and any other miscellaneous expenses . and bear in mind that this is the only remaining fund for the survival of my family . nevertheless if you are in any reason not intrested in this proposal kindly inform me so that i will start to look for another reliable contact thanks as i wait for your immediate response please you can view this website and see how my family ' s name is been messed up ; yours truly . dr . mrs mariam abacha . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ advertisement : sony dcr - hcl 9 e tikai 299 ls 299 , - sony dsc - p 200 tikai 259 ls www . pta . lv  
2	Subject: soma - only now leann summer sale on v i agra and other drugs . you won ` t find better prices anywhere ! v alium - 180 piils - 370 $ x anax - 180 piils - 316 $ a mbien - 180 piils - 388 $ s oma - 160 piils - 145 $ v iagra - 100 pilis - 209 . 99 $ c ialis - 90 piils - 324 $ u ltram - 120 pilis - 155 $ p hentermine - 90 piils - 261 $ and many more . . . please click below and check out our offer . blackbody will embrittle prescott crossbar caliper amongst butterfield grantee fedders contact burlesque barnhard mn chaste elizabeth expiable beam harpoon symposia commonplace bolshevik crane galveston germicidal heterostructure cud depreciate preserve contradictory practicable imbroglio toolkit swindle tonic valent probe bartend artful arctan flaxseed trivalent emplace i ' ll dollop duke airframe lasso bombay menzies donahue colleague destroy thallophyte  
2	Subject: fw : fundamental operating standards fyi these are the standards we are putting out there for gcp worldwide ( draft at the moment - - to initiate a debate ) some of the standards are quite " lofty " but i think we can get there . i don ' t think they are unreasonable . just to keep you in the loop b - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pallant , kathryn sent : tuesday , march 20 , 2001 4 : 43 pm to : hunter - lindsay , brian ; kemp , sam ; jordan , mike ; new , james cc : scribner , james ; beth apollo / hou / ect @ enron ; hare , bill subject : fundamental operating standards all , as you may be aware there has been an effort , fostered in houston by beth apollo , to draft a set of " fundamental operating standards " . the object of these standards is to set out the best practices of the global counterparty group for all locations ( houston , calgary , london , southern cone ) . we are seeking your input to ensure that the standards properly reflect a london gcp perspective . we - bill hare , james scribner and myself - have compiled a draft of the standards which is attached below . it ' s important to note that the standards detail some procedures we have always carried out , and some that we are working towards . the intention of setting fundamental operating standards is to agree on and document common objectives for gcp . with this in mind , we look forward to receiving your comments on and suggestions for the draft . if you have any questions please phone me on the numbers below . regards , kathryn ph : 8345 9336 ( tie line ) or 001 713 345 9336 
2	Subject: associate / analyst fall recruiting correction to super saturday dates two dates in our prior save the dates memo were incorrect . the dates to save for the first super saturday weekend are friday , october 27 th and saturday , october 28 th . the correct dates for the last super saturday weekend are friday , december 8 th and saturday , december 9 th . we apologize for any inconvenience . 
2	Subject: re : netco - hr arrangements for the weekend ok - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: pc install p 600 daren i ' m working on the pc you requested . can you provide me with the following information so i can start imaging your pc : i will image it with windows 2000 unless you need nt 4 . 0 user id : password : lotus note password : or outlook : do you have a palm pilot or printer ? location ? do you have the monitor ? let me know . tommy c . garza enron networks it 713 - 853 - 6686 
2	Subject: re : rac feeds 29 - sep fyi . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by debbie r brackett / hou / ect on 10 / 06 / 2000 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james new 10 / 04 / 2000 10 : 24 am to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect cc : hugo moreira / lon / ect @ ect , david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : rac feeds 29 - sep debbie , for uk power , this was not officialised because we had a curve shift for 25 + years which was made in error . for the dpr we put a ' top side ' adjustment through but because of the time it would take to re calc no re calc was performed . this should have been covered in the daily conference call . was it ? for uk gas , i thought this issue was closed on the conference call . we used the 30 th as our month end as a result of the way the month end fell . the guys have now clicked the ' officialised ' button for the 29 th if it helps you , but we did not use that data ( there shouldn ' t be anything materially wrong with it though ) . what i think this highlights is that we will have days where we do not officialise and do not re run . in these circumstances we will put a top side through . we therefore need a mechanism to communicate this top side and i would request we get this in place as soon as possible ( this has been requested a few times before ) . does this answer your questions ? james from : debbie r brackett 04 / 10 / 2000 14 : 25 to : james new / lon / ect @ ect , hugo moreira / lon / ect @ ect cc : david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : rac feeds 29 - sep james , just received a note fron steve price that uk power was never approved for close of business 02 - oct . can you or someone in your group respond to that as well as to my query as to the lack of approval for uk gas for close of business on 29 - sep ? ( see below ) we are making a real effort here to understand why the risk controls groups are not receiving data on a reliable basis and input from your group is crucial . thanks for your help , debbie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by debbie r brackett / hou / ect on 10 / 04 / 2000 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : debbie r brackett 10 / 02 / 2000 10 : 18 am to : james new / lon / ect @ ect , hugo moreira / lon / ect @ ect cc : david hardy / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : rac feeds 29 - sep please clarify as much as possible . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by debbie r brackett / hou / ect on 10 / 02 / 2000 10 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve price 10 / 02 / 2000 10 : 07 am to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect cc : david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect , suzanne bain / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra patel / market risk management / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : rac feeds 29 - sep debbie , there is an mtm for the 29 - sep but is has not been approved . however , there is also an mtm for 30 - sep which has been approved . i think the risk managers would have the answer to why . steve from : debbie r brackett 02 / 10 / 2000 14 : 30 to : steve price / lon / ect @ ect cc : david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect , suzanne bain / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra patel / market risk management / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : rac feeds 29 - sep why no mtm for the 29 th , that being the last business day for the month ? steve price 10 / 02 / 2000 06 : 40 am to : david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect cc : suzanne bain / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra patel / market risk management / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect subject : rac feeds 29 - sep all here are the feed timings for feeds for close of business 29 - sep i will send another mail when they have all completed approved send to risktrac issues uk + cont gas 10 : 59 12 : 31 mtm approved is for 30 - sep . no 29 - sep mtm approved uk power 10 : 24 running now nordic power not yet approved steve 
2	Subject: re : mmedications 3 - wix hello , do you wannt to spend less on your medications ? visit pahrmacybymmail shop and save over 70 % v gr umc ls na la avall lal xa xandmanyother try us and you will not be disappointedd . have a nice day .  
2	Subject: its shannon dr 3 ov 5 from aim bait if the picture above does not load please go to this website for important information . link : click here for more information ! copy & paste address : http : / / www . thepillsbrand . com / ? a  py 9428 & x 8  j 404 pasha lenient depress salon acclimate contextual foamflower krakow phalanx delinquent norwalk introit myeline bridgewater hoi scarface yardage said street centimeter italian ankle burnett pong ruckus clandestine checkerberry mcginnis fide infighting giles boyar dee ale villainous life swear shareholder charlotte calendrical chadwick airline pyramidal backstage centrex laughingstock madhouse unicorn spatula boylston michelson hither musicale composite mayapple signor auriga curran icon inflict mclaughlin lazy constituent directrix heisenberg coddington conestoga frenzy once twombly auspicious dartmouth  
2	Subject: software para igrejas - promoo por tempo limitado a visual inform?tica ltda esta completando 7 anos de vida e quem vai ganhar presentes?o as igrejas . . . temos mais de 2000 clientes em todo o brasil e exterior , agora chegou a sua vez ! promo??o espetacular - por tempo limitadoo melhor software eclesi?stico pelo menor pre?o : de r $ 250 , 00 + sedex ( a vista ) por apenas r $ 199 , 00 + sedex ( a vista ) na compra ? vista , enviar comprovante do dep?sito para tele - fax ( 033 ) 3278 - 4610 ou por e - mail : jardim @ visualinformatica . com . br valor a vista : r $ 199 , 00 + sedexvalor a prazo : 3 x de r $ 70 , 00 entrada de r $ 70 , 00 + sedex e mais dois cheques para 30 e 60 dias no valor de r $ 70 , 00 . os cheques devem estar cruzados , pr? - datados e nominais a visual inform?tica ltda . o programa ? enviado pelo sedex . na compra a vista o valor do sedex deve ser depositado juntamente com o valor do programa . na compra a prazo , o valor do sedex deve ser inclu?do no primeiro cheque . tabela de sedex para todo o brasilna compra ? vista o cliente deve depositar o valor do programa mais o pre?o do sedex , conforme a tabela abaixo . na compra a prazo o valordo sedex deve ser inclu?do no cheque da entrada . mgr $ 13 , 00 df - es - rj - spr $ 22 , 00 go - ms - prr $ 25 , 00 ba - sc - se - to r $ 29 , 00 al - mt - rsr $ 30 , 00 ce - ma - pb - pe - pi - rnr $ 32 , 00 pa r $ 35 , 00 ac - ap - am - ror $ 39 , 00 rrr $ 40 , 00 licen?a para 3 computadores * a concorr?ncia por at? r $ 200 , 00 , s? permite instalar em 1 computador ! ser?o reproduzidos apenas 1000 cd ? s para esta promo??o ! este software auxilia na administra??o da secretaria , tesouraria e demais minist?rios e departamentos de uma igreja . visual igrejas 2001 - vers?o 6 . 0 - revis?o 2004 para windows 95 , 98 , me , 2000 , xp , 2003 temos uma vers?o personalizada para as igrejas em c?lulas modelo dos 12 - portugu?s ou espanhol nesta vers?o o sistema controla todos os passos da vis?o , ( ganhar , consolidar , discipular e enviar ) . controle de novos convertidos , consolida??o , pre - encontros , encontros , p?s - encontros , etc . controle da escola de l?deres ( alunos , notas , frequ?ncias , etc . . ) controle das c?lulas . controles existentes : membros . m?sicas do de materiais crian?asa??o dominical serm?esc?lulas ( consolida??o , pre - encontro , encontro , p?s - encontro , reencontro , escola de l?deres ) e ( semin?rios , participantes , local , hospedagem ) caixa , bancos , a pagar , a receber , or?amento . direta of?cios ( apresenta??es crian?as , batismos , casamentos , f?nebres ) diversos relat?rios cantinacart?o de membrobiblioteca e v?deo por mission?rias e mission?rios . backup autom?tico dos do programapara windows 95 ou superior . de seguran?a definido pelo pr?prio administrador do banco de dados , onde ? poss?vel determinar quem s?o os usu?rios , as senhas e tamb?m o que cada usu?rio tem o direito de usar . help onlineroda em microcomputador petium ou superior , com 64 mb de ram m?nima , 128 mb ? recomend?vel . o hd precisa ter no m?nimo 55 mb de espa?o livre para instala??o do software . suporte t?cnico - gratuito por 1 anotelefax : ( 33 ) 3278 - 4610 hor?rio de 08 : 00 as 12 : 00 e 14 : 00 as 18 : 00 horasde segunda ? sexta - feirae - mail : jardim @ visualinformatica . com . br - messenger : visual _ inf @ hotmail . compromo??o v?lida por tempo limitadomaiores : ( 0 xx 33 ) 3278 - 4610 / 9953 - 2794 9107 - 1838 / 9963 - 0805 e - mail : jardim @ visualinformatica . com . brou messenger : visual _ inf @ hotmail . comcontato : andressa / raquel ou jardimdemonstra??o no site : www . visualinformatica . com . bresta mensagem ? enviada com a complac?ncia da nova legisla??o sobre correio eletr?nico . se??o 301 par?grafo ( a ) ( 2 ) decreto 5 1618 , t?tulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 o . este e - mail n?o poder? ser considerado spam quando inclua uma forma de ser removido , por favor , envie um e - mail com o subject " remover " . caso tenha interesse , por favor , guarde - o . este e - mail n?o ser? spam se incluido na lista de remo??o . envie um e - mail para jardim @ visualinformatica . com . br , colocando no assunto remover , nome e email . 
2	Subject: medi . call . y proven to en . lar . ge your p . e . n . is nat . ural . ly ( please wait for above image to load ) don ' t overpay for the same results ! limited time only - we ' ll double your order for free . click here for more details ! 
2	Subject: : ) ) quality service for quality meds only b ' s a loose cabooseyou better shake your . . . honeybuns ! shake your honeybuns ! shake that cosmic thing , shake that thing , shake it , ohhhh yeah ! don ' t let it rest on the president ' s desk , rock the house ! this second one was a rain of people - and - horse - and - buggy brajenovlc hrid hno 3 hrotti  
2	Subject: i await your urgent response very urgent investment transaction . attention : dear partner , in order to transfer out { twenty six million u . s . dollars ) from our bank . i have the courage to look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable for this important transaction . believing that you will never let me down either now or in future . i am mr michael ewald . the manager of united bank for africa nigerian plc u . b . a ) . there is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1990 nobody has operated on this account again . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that if i do not remitt this money out urgentely , it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr jack hamilton a foreigner and the manager of petrol chemical service , a chemical engineer by proffession and he died since 1990 . no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount invloved is ( u . s . $ 26 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) . i want to transfer this money into a safe foreign account abroad but i don ' t know any foreigner , i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to any local bank here but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is u . s dollars and the fomer owner of the account is mr jack hamilton and he was a foreigner too . i know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we don ' t know our self before , but be sure that it is real and a genuine business . i believe in god that you will never let me down in this investment , you are the only person that i have contacted for this investment for now . so please reply urgently . when the transfer is approved and payment schedule is allocated overseas , through the offshore paying delegate for final clearance and signing of the payment realease form by the beneficiary , i want us to see at the oversea paying clearance office face to face or signing of the original bindding agreement to bind us together so that we can receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be remitted . i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with a foreign account as the real beneficiary . i need your co - operation to make this work fine , because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has the correct information to this account . which i will give to you when sure of your capability to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust , according to my instructions and my advice for our mutual benefit because i don ' t want to make any mistake , i need your strong assurance and trust . i shall destroyed all document concerning this transactions immediately we received this money leaving no trace to any place . i will use my position and influence on other staffs to effect the legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from foreign payment department . with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival to your country for the sharing and other investment . at the conclusion of this investment , you will be given 25 % of the totalamount , 70 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses , both parties might have incured during the process of this transaction . i look forward to your earliest reply through the e - mail as at above or through my private e - mail or you call me 234 80 35411697 . address : mikeewald 2002 @ myway . com yours truly , mr michael ewald 
2	Subject: union carbide - texas city union carbide - seadrift - there should be no safety net gas @ seadrift - it went to zero 4 am dec 14 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000 10 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 12 / 19 / 2000 10 : 54 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : union carbide - texas city change in their safety net gas : effective 3 pm today - increase it from 9 , 000 / d to 14 , 000 / d , so total flow at hpl meter would be 24 , 000 / d effective 9 am tomorrow 12 / 20 / 00 , decrease safety - net gas down to 6 , 000 / d , so total flow at hpl meter would be 16 , 000 / d 
2	import os import numpy as np from collections import Counter  def make_Dictionary(train_dir):     emails  [os.path.join(train_dir,f) for f in os.listdir(train_dir)]         all_words  []            for mail in emails:             with open(mail) as m:             for i,line in enumerate(m):                 #if i  2:  #Body of email is only 3rd line of text file                 words  line.split()                 all_words + words          dictionary  Counter(all_words)     list_to_remove  dictionary.keys()     for item in list_to_remove:         if item.isalpha()  False:              del dictionary[item]         elif len(item)  1:             del dictionary[item]     dictionary  dictionary.most_common(3000)     return dictionary  def extract_features(mail_dir):      files  [os.path.join(mail_dir,fi) for fi in os.listdir(mail_dir)]     features_matrix  np.zeros((len(files),3000))     docID  0;     for fil in files:         with open(fil) as fi:             for i,line in enumerate(fi):                 words  line.split()                 for word in words:                     wordID  0                     for i,d in enumerate(dictionary):                         if d[0]  word:                             wordID  i                             features_matrix[docID,wordID]  words.count(word)             docID  docID + 1          return features_matrix  train_dir  'train' dictionary  make_Dictionary(train_dir) print dictionary  
2	Subject: fw : [ looseleaf ] 81 % - off vicodin . philippine havoc mongolian camps rochester divergence enlightenment grafter endurable hebrews impulsive workings stipulated queued compels roomful vats absented coupler systematizing slimed hooper fling battlefields hampered format anastomosis voss ontology coffers registering lair captures reptiles southerners morning sniffle imaginative headway perky confluent enabler - - phone : 660 - 293 - 5974 mobile : 567 - 142 - 4577 email : janae . clive 2003 @ cantv . net  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020309 . txt 
2	Subject: charlie weldon charlene , thank you for accomodating our request to start charlie weldon in his rotation in the research group earlier than the incoming associate official start date of august 7 th . as we discussed , the business purpose for this request is related to the project we have earmarked for him , which is linked to the hurricane season , which starts in june . and you have my e - handshake that we will release him to participate in the regularly organized orientation activities scheduled for august . we expect he will report on wednesday , june 21 st . thanks again , - - mike roberts 
2	Subject: can you be an honest partner ? from : mr . audrey hammond bills and exchange manager sbm nedbank international limited 6 th floor , state bank tower queen elizabeth ii avenue port louis , mauritius email : audhammond @ netscape . net private and urgent : first i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue of it ' s nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . there is no doubt that trust conceptually is a conundrum which leads itself to deferring interpretation , we have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction . i am the manager , bills and exchange at the foreign remittance department of the sbm nedbank international bank mauritius . i came to know you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . this is from a deceased customer ' s account who on the 25 th of july 2000 , he the deceased , his wife and children died in the air france concord plane crash bound for new york in thier plan for a world cruise . although i know that a transaction of this magnitude migth make anyone apprehensive , i would like to assure you that we are sending you this mail with the best of intentions . proposition ; we discovered the abandoned sum of us $ 47 , 320 , 000 . 00 ( fourty seven million three hundred and twenty thousand united states dollars ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family , his wife and two children in 25 th of july 2000 in a plane crash . since his death , none of his next - of - kin or relations has come forward to lay claims for this money as theirs . we cannot release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines , unfortunately , no family member nor relative has ever appeared to claim the said fund . upon this discovery , we now seek your permission to have you stand as next of kin to the deceased so that the funds ( us $ 47 , 320 , 000 . 00 ) can be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary ' s next of kin otherwise the fund will be returned to treasury as unclaimed funds which will subsequently be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further enhance the course of war in the world . all documents to enable you receive this funds will be carefully worked out by us as we already have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of deceased beneficiaries , and more so we are assuring you that this business is safe please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavor by furnishing me with the following ; 1 . beneficiary name and address 2 . direct telephone and fax numbers these requirements will enable us file letters of claim to the appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favor before the transfer can be made . we have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus ; on final conclusion of this project , 65 % of this surplus shall be for us , while 30 % shall be for you and the remaining 5 % shall be used to compensate either party for any expenses incurred . your share stays while the rest shall be for us for investment purposes . whilst this abnormalities may well raise your doubts in view of the fact that you are a person not physically known to us , i advice that a healthy degree of caution be exercised before conclusions are reached by your good self if this proposal is acceptable by you do not take undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed in you , i await for your urgent mail please reply to email : audhammond @ netscape . net best regards , mr . audrey hammond * * * * * imortant and confidential notice * * * * : this e - mail transmission may contain confidential or legally privileged information that is intended only for the individual or entity named in the e - mail address . if you are not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , distribution , or reliance upon the contents of this e - mail is strictly prohibited . if you have received this e - mail transmission in error , please reply to the sender , so that we can arrange for proper delivery , and then please delete the message from your inbox . thank you . 
2	Subject: we are slashing our term rates ! gto 20 preferred best nt guaranteed level term annual premiums face amounts issueage $ 250 , 000 $ 500 , 000 $ 1 million male female male female male female 30 $ 168 $ 143 $ 285 $ 235 $ 510 $ 410 40 $ 225 $ 190 $ 400 $ 330 $ 710 $ 590 50 $ 575 $ 393 $ 1 , 100 $ 735 $ 2 , 120 $ 1 , 410 gto 20 preferred nt guaranteed level term annual premiums face amounts issueage $ 250 , 000 $ 500 , 000 $ 1 million male female male female male female 30 $ 213 $ 175 $ 375 $ 300 $ 630 $ 520 40 $ 273 $ 238 $ 495 $ 425 $ 920 $ 780 50 $ 663 $ 470 $ 1 , 275 $ 890 $ 2 , 460 $ 1 , 670 call us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : zip : appointed to sell gto ? yes no gto guaranteed level premium term life insurance issued by first penn - pacific life insurance company , schaumburg , il . premiums are current as of 7 / 22 / 02 , rounded to the next dollar , subject to change , and include $ 50 non - commissionable policy fee . products and features subject to state availability . in montana , male premiums apply . policy form bt - 1000 series . lincoln financial group is the marketing name for lincoln national corporation and its affiliates . fo 2 - 1073 - lt . for agent or broker use only . not to be used with the general public . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: get rid of premature ejaculation and last longer new penis enlargement patches ! http : / / www . retdehola . com / ss / self is the only prison that can bind the soul . to the uneducated , an a is just three sticks . from the sublime to the ridiculous is but a step . no nice men are good at getting taxis . a man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies . 
2	Subject: our company decide to offer you absolutely unexampled model of alain silberstein wristwatches . excellent discount for our clients . tour our company website , i offer prime discounts and many of trade names available , e . g . audemars piguet , zenith and harry winston .  
2	Subject: grep for windows . folks , those of you who have used unix are probably familiar with the grep command . it ' s used to extract lines from a set of files that contain a given input string , and is very useful . ( if you have any questions on how to invoke it , ask me . ) the grep command is now available in a pc version - - see below . joe - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 12 / 01 / 2000 10 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carlos uribe @ enron 12 / 01 / 2000 11 : 23 am to : todd kimberlain / na / enron , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect cc : malcolm wells / na / enron , michael barber / hou / ect subject : grep for windows . todd and joseph , as discussed earlier , i did recall reading somewhere that grep had been ported to windows . i did some research and was able to find the windows ported version of grep . attached you will find a compressed file that contains the grep binary and source . please let me know if i can be of any further assistance . thanks . - carlos 
2	Subject: p . h . e . n . t . e . r . m . i . n . e lo m . g 6 o pills 222 . 95 do you remember your teen years m . e . r . i . d . i . alom . g 3 opillsl 56 . 95 p . h . e . n . t . e . r . m . i . n . elom . g 9 opills 261 . 95 p . h . e . n . t . e . r . m . i . n . elom . g 6 opills 222 . 95 please o - r , d . e - r pain relief ; u . l . t . r . a . m 5 o m . g 6 o pills 85 . 95 c . e . l . e . b . r . e . x 2 oo m . g 5 o pills 199 . 95 we also have ; l . e . v . i . t . r . a 2 om . g 9 opills 379 . 95 p . a . x . i . l 2 om . g 9 opillsl 19 . 95 s . 0 . m . a 35 om . g 8 opills 79 . 95 same day shipping n ' v . r your bankofamerica account isabel jones shrimper yangzhou baosheng biochemical co . , ltd , 225653 , china phone : 142 - 176 - 1737 mobile : 171 - 579 - 8632 email : dcxoy @ worldaccessnet . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 19 hour complementary software notes : the contents of this information is for understanding and should not be marrowbone codomain franklin for tristate time : thu , 30 jun 2005 04 : 39 : 52 - 0800 
2	Subject: transwestern weekly report for the week september 25 - 29 th : transwestern weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 041 mmcf / d ( 96 % ) while east deliveries averaged 355 mmcf / d . san juan lateral throughput averaged 844 mmcf / d ( 99 % ) while receipts from rio puerco averaged 74 mmcf / d . el paso average deliveries to california were 2 , 224 mmcf / d ( 76 % ) : - pg & etop ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 510 mmcf / d ( 44 % ) - socalehr ( capacity 1 , 200 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 1 , 175 mmcf / d ( 94 % ) - socaltop ( capacity 540 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 539 mmcf / d ( 100 % ) other pipeline throughput : - pgt ( capacity 1 , 935 mmcf / d ) throughput to california averaged 1 , 877 mmc / d ( 97 % ) - kern river ( capacity 700 ) throughput to california averaged 363 mmcf / d ( 52 % ) friday enron online basis numbers : nov . nov 00 - march ' 01 april - oct ' 01 perm - ca . 60 . 43 . 50 sj - ca . 88 . 61 . 68 sj - waha . 52 . 22 . 27 perm - waha . 07 . 05 . 08 
2	Subject: your friends will envy you my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here rob may have read of these things in fairy tales and books of travel , but if so they had entirely slipped his mind ; so he slumbered peacefully and actually snored a little , i believe , towards morning no , then the link and address above but dorothy sprang up and ran to seize her friend ' s hand drawing him impulsively toward the lovely princess , who smiled most graciously upon her guestthen the wizard entered , and his presence relieved the boy ' s embarrassment but even as the red sun peeped curiously over the horizon he was awakened by a most unusual disturbance - - a succession of hoarse screams and a pounding of the air as from the quickly revolving blades of some huge windmill he rubbed his eyes and looked around  
2	Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current rate information . yommc use this handy interest calculator to get current rate availability data , without giving out any personal or private information . this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page . wwcidawgmcln 
2	Subject:  r 3 mov 3 lisa montgomery , 36 , of melvern , kansas , was arrested and charged in the kidnapping of the child " resulting in the death of the infant ' s mother " bobbie jo stinnett , 23 , according to an fbi affidavit filed late friday . if convicted , montgomery could face a maximum of life in prison or the death penalty , and a maximum $ 250 , 000 fine . the infant girl has been recovered and was in good condition at stormont - vail regional medical center in topeka . the girl ' s father was reunited with her friday evening , authorities said . she was the couple ' s first child . " the baby is fine . the baby is doing great , " u . s . attorney todd graves said . stinnett was found dead in a pool of blood in her home thursday afternoon by her mother , who called 911 saying it looked " as though her daughter ' s stomach had exploded , " according to the affidavit . 
2	Subject: sometimes go for 2 hoours hello , welcome to p downward harmonline s disgruntle hop - one of the leading oniine p atheistic harmaceutical shops misheard v outvoter g straightforward al astronomy ll l obstructionist a r sequester a incidental cl demarcate isv atelier a u pituitary m andmanyother . - save over 5 coryphaeus 0 % - worldwide shlpp baobab lng - total confidentiaii outspoken ty - over 5 miiiion cu commensurate stomers in 130 countries acquaint have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: sap expense report forms please remember , when completing your expense reports , pull file from intranet by : selecting sap on home page select - quick referencing tools ( left side of page ) select - account payable forms select - sap expense report form complete this task every time you would like to complete an expense report . each report is time - dated and is considered a reference number . remember your sap codings : cost center number - # 111089 gl account number - ( see cheat sheet i forwarded a few weeks ago . ) gl company number - # 0060 if you should have additional questions , please stop by ( smile ) . p . s . for a quick reference , the gl account numbers for the most often used items are listed below : meals & entertainment # 52003000 travel & lodging # 52004500 dues & membership # 52004000 cell phone , pagers # 52503500 subscriptions # 52508500 office equipment # 53600000 
2	Subject: valid marketing to bruceg @ em . ca : email marketing is the best promote tool . we offer e - marketing with quality services . 1 . targeted email list we can supply target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client email list . * we have millions of lists in a wide variety of categories . 2 . send out targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send out your message for you . * we also offer web hosting & mailing server . regards ! naren marketing team kzll 23123 @ yeah . net no and takeoff : renoff @ msn . com 
2	Subject: mobil beaumont brian nichols of exxonmobil confirmed that they will accept 30 , 000 / d of midcon ' s gas on hpl starting tomorrow . they want to leave 10 , 000 / d flowing on midcon . i guess this goes on through april 5 ? ? 
2	Subject: broker client deals louise , i don ' t think we have much value in assigning the broker client deals . most contracts have automatically terminated or have been terminated by the brokers on account of not having access to the submission screens . there is very little outstanding money left in these contracts , anyway - most of them have monthly payments and those which do not are paid to only ql 2002 , anyway . therefore , i think there is little value in pursuing assignment of these and i recommend we instead pursue new contracts ( at the appropriate time ) , perhaps with the first few months free to soothe any bad feelings on their part . do you agree ? dave summary of position : 
2	Subject: spend too much on your phone bill ? 25711 crystal clear connection with unlimited long distance usage for one low flat rate ! now try it for free ! ! * see for yourself . we ' ll activate your flat rate unlimited long distance service for 1 week free * to prove that the quality of service is what you expect . call now ! operators standing by to activate your service . toll free : 877 - 529 - 7358 monday through friday 9 am to 9 pm edt for more information : your name : city : state : daytime phone : nighttime phone : email : * one week free offer is valid to those who have a valid checking account . service is never billed until after the 1 week free trial period . if you have received this by error or wish to be removed from our mailing list , please click here 
2	Subject: hello hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 380 , 000 for as little as $ 650 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : http : / / www . royalclear . com / fast best regards , ferdinand shepard to be remov ( ed : http : / / www . royalclear . com / no  
2	Subject: tenaska iv gas are you going to make the price changes to the tenaska iv sale 384258 for 10 / 00 and 11 / 00 that james details below ? right now , we are showing a short pay of $ 351 , 201 . 49 for those two months . megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 12 / 29 / 2000 11 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james armstrong @ ect 12 / 19 / 2000 10 : 31 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , jody pierce / hou / ect @ ect , mike mazowita / corp / enron @ enron , garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect subject : tenaska iv gas daren , per review of the gas agreements between tenaska iv and williams / apache and our understanding of the agency agreement , i had a few items i wanted to discuss with you ( in lieu of our meeting today that was cancelled ) : 1 . looking at the october gas supply to the plant , i think tenaska iv should have been charged at the contract prices with williams & apache ( i . e . 2 . 285 ) and not at what the final price that was actualized per megan ' s summary - 230 , 406 at $ 710 , 616 . 70 , price of $ 3 . 084 . if this volume was charged at 2 . 285 the total would have been $ 526 , 477 . 71 , a difference of $ 184 , 138 . 99 . 2 . looking at the november gas supply to the plant , tenaska iv was charged $ 2 . 91 per mmbtu , instead of $ 2 . 285 for volumes of 267 , 300 . at the $ 2 . 91 price , the total settlement price was $ 777 , 843 instead of $ 610 , 780 . 50 at 2 . 285 , showing a difference of $ 167 , 062 . 50 . i reviewed the gas supply agreements and the williams gas price ( pg . 19 ) for 2000 gas is 2 . 32 , which can be adjusted by the waha transportation adjustment if delivered at waha . this adjustment started in 1997 at $ . 03 per mmbtu and increase by 5 % per year . thereby currently , the adjustment factor is at . 0347 , giving us a price of $ 2 . 2853 per mmbtu . in reviewing the apache gas agreement ( pg . 22 ) , i noticed that the gas price is 2 . 285 at waha & 2 . 315 at katy / carthage for 2000 . per review of the apache invoices , it appears that we are not getting our gas at these points but at other places ( i . e . lomak - sterling & mendell cdp ) at a price of $ 2 . 175 . if enron has a separate agreement at these delivery points and can capture a margin difference then that is upside to enron . however , i think the plant should not be charged above the contract price of $ 2 . 285 . looking at the daily gas that was scheduled to the plant for november and october , i did not see that their use went over the contracted volumes from williams and apache of 45 , 000 mmbtu per day . therefore i don ' t think spot prices are part of the equation here . additionally , i recall from our meeting last month that all enron makes on this deal is the agency fee of $ . 04 per mmbtu ( excluding the margin difference that enron has on apache gas delivery points if my scenario above is correct ) . so based upon items 1 & 2 above , i am suggesting that tenaska iv adjust their november invoice owed to enron for gas used by the plant by the gas price differences showed above . therefore , i am planning to wire a payment of $ 484 , 234 . 03 ( see breakout below ) on friday , 12 / 22 , to enron on behalf of tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . for this activity . month plant gas price amount november 267 , 300 2 . 91 $ 777 , 843 november adjustment $ ( 167 , 062 . 50 ) october adjustment $ ( 184 , 138 . 99 ) nov . agency fee 1 , 350 , 000 . 04 $ 54 , 000 sept . agency fee 98 , 813 . 04 $ 3 , 592 . 52 total $ 484 , 234 . 03 i discussed these issues with mike mazowita , rick hill & jody pierce before reaching this conclusion . should you have any different ideas or thoughts that i am not covering , please call me at 3 - 7280 and we can discuss . thanks . james 
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the research group hi mike : thanks for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the telephone interview for thursday , july 6 at 10 : 00 am houston time ( 8 : 00 az time ) they interviews usually last from 45 minutes to an hour . we will call you at 520 / 325 - 9730 . thanks and have a great 4 th of july shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research 713 / 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fresh hot teens college parties with drunk girls don ' t want anymore still secretly admire her from tissue , caricature her you ? with where . cells feels nagging remorse , and box . steal pencils from square .  
2	Subject: reach prospects competitors miss _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / s p e c i a l r e p o r t how to reliably generate hundreds of leads and prospects every week ! _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / our research has found that many online entrepreneurs have tried one or more of the following . . . free classifieds ? ( don ' t work anymore ) web site ? ( takes thousands of surfers ) banners ? ( expensive and losing their punch ) e - zine ? ( hope they have a - huge - subscriber list ) search engines ? ( forget it , unless you ' re in the top 10 ) s o w h a t d o e s w o r k ? although often misunderstood , there is one method that has proven to succeed time - after - time . e - m a i l m a r k e t i n g ! ! does the thought of $ 50 , 000 to $ 151 , 200 . 00 per year make you tingle with excitement ? many of our customers make that and more . . . click here to find out how : http : / / 32 . 97 . 166 . 75 / usinet . steklet here ' s what the experts have to say about e - mail marketing : " a gold mine for those who can take advantage of bulk e - mail programs " - the new york times " e - mail is an incredible lead generation tool " - crains magazine click here to find out how you can do it : http : / / 32 . 97 . 166 . 75 / usinet . steklet -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - remove instructions  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - do not reply to this message - to be removed from future mailings , click here : please do not include correspondence with your remove request - all requests processed via automatic robot . [ } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: re : lyondell - citgo you know , i don ' t think robert would get on the same page with me if his life depended on it . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth seaman / hou / ect on 02 / 01 / 2000 07 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 01 / 31 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : lyondell - citgo thanks ken however , the term deal agreed to by lyondell { via nomination } is only for 15 . 0 . lyondell also nominated a 5 . 0 base deal . kenneth seaman 01 / 31 / 2000 03 : 12 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : lyondell - citgo sitara 147092 is tiered pricing . if you want , you can nom whatever volume is on the deal ticket and the economics will work out correctly . it will keep things in balance a bit better , but you can go either way . for feb there is a base deal for 5000 / day and a term deal for 20 , 000 / day . only 15 , 000 of the 20000 is pathed . 
2	Subject: easy - tag board : : more options to fit your site thank you for your interest in easy - tag board . our goal is to provide you with the best software and support possible . we know you have a choice and appreciate the opportunity to assist with your online needs . we are confident that you will see the benefits of using the easy - tag board . highly customizable easy to configure fast , reliable , & secure server o / s independent cross - browser compatible more features text - decoration : none " face  arial , helvetica , sans - serif > www . easy - tagboard . com you are receiving this email because you opted - in to our mailing list or someone you know referred you to us . we respect your right to privacy and your desire not to be bothered by unwanted emails . if you do not wish to receive any further newsletters , please click the link below to be permanently removed from out mailing list . to unsubscribe click ( here ) . 
2	Subject: from the desk top of alhaji amino danba former ( financial controler ) , nigerian national petroluem cooperation ( nnpc ) email : alhajiaminodanba @ yahoo . co . uk attn : before i proceed , i must first apologise for this unsolicited mail to you . i am aware that this is certainly an unconventional approach to starting a relationship but as time goes on you will realize the need for my action . i have interest of investing in your country as such i decided to establish contact with you for assistanceas soon as i am able to transfer my funds for this investment , which is already with a security company in europe . there are two basic things i would want you to assist me in ; ( 1 ) helping by traveling to europe as a front collect these funds from the security company in europe . this is because of my inability to travel out of the country which i am taking refuge at the moment with my wife and children which i will explain better to you upon the receipt of your acceptance . ( 2 ) helping me to carry out feasibility study on areas / choice of investment you deem best for me . i retired as financial controler and was the last personal financial adviser to the group managing director before his demise and have no intention of carrying out any further investment programme in my country for security reasons . enclosing your telephone and fax numbers . thanks , yours sincerely , alhaji amino danba 
2	Subject: fw : unbelievable prices and quality - marlboro , camel , newports online nai ifjddgrnrr vpdixmrlethz yrbjh neqjxtz if 
2	Subject: us transmission report - - special ! u . s transmission industry report everything you need to know about the fast changing transmission industry energy info source ' s u . s . transmission report is a 550 - page , 4 part report which provides all you need to know about the fast changing transmission industry . the report takes a wide - ranging look at changes in the structure of the business , assesses current and projected reliability issues , examines how transmission is effecting bulk power markets , and analyzes the ferc - mandated rto filings . * * * includes a free year of wheeling & transmission monthly ! ! now in its 15 th year of publication , wheeling & transmission monthly is the only source of comprehensive information on transmission and bulk power filings at the ferc . every filing at ferc during the past month is summarized , complete with docket number for pulling the entire file . the most important filings are featured in " bulk power highlights . " wtm also covers the key decisions at ferc , and stories at the regional transmission organizations and independent system operators . it is a continuing update to your u . s . transmission industry report . normally $ 345 , it is free with your order of the u . s . transmission report . delivered in pdf format by email . published by the power marketing association . download ordering information , a complete table of contents and a free issue of wheeling & transmission monthly at : abbreviated table of contents : volume i * the history of transmission in the u . s . * the impact of ferc orders 888 and 889 * ferc ' s push toward rtos through the merger approval process * discussion of the creation of transcos * detailed analysis of ferc order 2000 * detailed discussion , analysis , and comparison of october 15 rto filings - - including innovative rate treatments * discussion of current isos and projections on their jan . 15 rto filings * listing of ferc dockets and policy statements regarding rtos * maps of proposed transco and rto territories volume ii * review of nerc ' s 2000 reliability assessment * review of ferc investigation of bulk power markets * discussion of california ' s wholesale market problems * analysis of pricing trends and price caps in isos * ferc action on october 15 th rto filings * detailed discussion , analysis , and comparison of january 15 rto filings * tables of regional demand and capacity * analysis of ferc conditional approval of gridsouth transco * gridsouth ' s request for clarification on ferc order addendum i * analysis of ferc conditional approval of gridflorida transco * analysis of ferc rejection of southern company ' s setrans gridco * analysis of ferc directed changes to southwestern power pool / entergy hybrid rto proposal * update on alliance and midwest iso settlement * analysis of ferc conditional approval of rto west addendum ii * history of ferc rto activities ? * analysis of southeastern rto mediation report * analysis of northeastern rto mediation report * update on rtos - alliance and midwest * update on transcos - itc , translink , and westconnect download ordering information , a complete table of contents and a free issue of wheeling & transmission monthly at : this email was sent to those who signed up for it . if you believe it has reached you in error , or you are no longer interested in receiving it , then please click here to edit your preferences . 
2	Subject: equistar feb - 01 daren - here are the equistar # ' s . there should be a total of 65 . 000 . there is a new deal per janice at equistar at meter 1373 effective 2 / 01 . i have not seen a deal for this . let me know if it is legitimate . no volumes were added , just moved from meter to meter . ( deal # 378904 ) thanks . al 
2	Subject: jordyn , there is nothing like a dream to create the future . for the sake of one good action a hundred evil ones should be forgotten to accomplish more , redirect your mental energy by continuously reminding yourself of all the things you do right  
2	Subject: epe lending for 8 / 1 for wednesday : we ' re short tomorrow on peak at palo verde - 25 mw under stwbom , 25 mw under stsw . please puchase to fill these schedules ; reduce the purchases from epe to $ 4 ( 711216 and 711225 ) ; sell back to epe at $ 0 . you will know you ' ve done this correctly when the carp report exactly matches the el paso model . following are the details of the lending agreement : 711216 - stwbom buys epe on peak @ pv 25 mw @ $ 51 711224 - stwbom sells stsw on peak @ pv 25 mw @ $ 51 711225 - stsw buys epe on peak @ pv 25 mw @ $ 51 please let me know if you have any questions . i can always be reached on my cell phone - 503 - 819 - 2181 . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: re : find fresh way for super balance of health deliquescent relax at e - store and select super benefits and great value . check our store for all these exciting ddeals . cut down the expenditures on medis . http : / / pk . cometimbrefunny . com we have top picks on pain , ereection dysfunction , cholesterol , blues , distress , obesity , sleeping aids , sedative , analgesic and health of the male . depend on licensed physicians for reliable and quick medical history review . assist you with quick and reliable logistic support . but every week i ' ll send a letterto let you know my love will never change challanging fflush epress fzo 3 bbddd bighunk don ' t let it go down the drainya better hop on the cosmic wagontrain ! i was havin ' this out - of - body experience  
2	Subject: remember the old days ? hi there , try this special product , cialis soft tabs . we have millions of happy customers all around the world . you will get the perfect feeling of being a man again ! cialis soft tabs is the impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! you can get it at : http : / / tabboulehs . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / tabboulehs . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: re : cms deal booked never did . . . but glad we were here to ensure it was captured . bt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 8 : 24 am to : tycholiz , barry subject : re : cms deal booked good job . i bet you never thought you would retrade the transport this much . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tycholiz , barry sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 8 : 21 am to : kitchen , louise subject : cms deal booked louise , further to our meeting last week , the contracts have been executed and the rockies transportation has been sold to cms . origination and trading participated in the p & l . orig  $ 1 , 045 , 000 . trading approx $ 310 , 000 . we are a little closer to our q 3 targets of $ 2 mm in sept . please call if there are any questions . bt 
2	Subject: re : your free pay - per view ,  
2	Subject: new ets dashboard listed below is a summary of the newly re - tooled dashboard that martha , bobby and the team have developed to improve the functionality of the dashboard for your use . please take a look at the updated version that will be on your desk - top tuesday afternoon . we want to continue to improve our communication and coordination across marketing and this tool is a great way to accomplish this ! our goal is to have easy access to market intelligence , pricing , etc . if you have any feedback on the new format please give either martha or bobby a call . thanks new functionality includes : ? consolidation of categories ( examples are pricing , transportation and storage ) . ? new look and feel . ? posting process automated and streamlined . ? posted reports are viewed through acrobat reader ( no more launching of spreadsheet software in the browser ) . ? a new message ticker using internally generated documents . ( see hot stuff ) ? customization within a category ( see publications ) . ?  & contact us  8 allows quick response to production support issues . 
2	Subject: meter 1335 july 99 stacey , have you a chance to look into this ? we are required to clear intercompany variances by the end of the month , so it would help if you could research this as soon as possible . thanks for your help . thu 3 - 7159 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu nguyen / hou / ect on 03 / 03 / 2000 05 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu nguyen 02 / 17 / 2000 03 : 21 pm to : stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 1335 july 99 stacy , i have an intercompany deal which i am missing one side of . hpl purchased gas from dynegy ( deal 96378 ) and sold to ena ( deal 97185 ) on oasis pipeline ( meter 1335 ) . i can ' t find ena ' s purchase from hpl . please let me know what you find out . this is affecting our intercompany report and we need to have it cleaned as soon as possible . thanks thu 
2	Subject: louise hope all is well . you can reach me by phone or email . feel free to bug me . ees wholesale may make our budget this quarter . john 
2	Subject: puchase office xp for $ 50 dollars anonymity - - - - 535935795412368286 content - type : text / html ; charset  " iso - 0843 - 6 " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit microsoft software at superb prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a fraction of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for shipping . officexp microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | order for just $ 50 | you save : $ 520 windowsxp designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 270 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 210 windows server 2003 windows server 2003 is the most productive infrastructure platform for powering connected applications , networks , and web services from the workgroup to the data center . easy to deploy , manage , and use , windows server 2003 helps you build a secure it infrastructure that provides a powerful application platform for quickly building connected solutions and an information worker infrastructure for enhanced communication and collaboration anytime and anywhere . retail : $ 860 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 800 many more titles available view our whole software catalogue frictional cover decentteeter atone scallopshelton oftbutane wherewithal - - - - 535935795412368286 - - 
2	Subject: have you checked the nevv - weekly ssale yet ? it is a better chance for customers to sav on either brand name or generic rneds . and it is legitimate to shoppe for rnedicals in this way . browse our catalog for quality medicaments on ereection dysfunction , pain , swelling , stress , highcholesterol , man ' s care , musclerelaxant and obesity . or - ders are processed quickly and sent directly to you . , if you prefer to sav on quality tablets , check our nevv weekly ssale novv . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . check our complimentary case profile review . it is quicker . it is easier . it is rnore convenient . it is such a great choice for me and it is to shoppe for rneds at your store . thank you for providing this nevv model for rned or - der . - jane d . in nm e surface , theywere each delighted with the new and beautiful s ights they saw ; butn hought to himself , " those were happy days , but they maycome again . humpty dumpty fell down stairs , an ore the beginning of the next act , and they hadmuzzles too . and then tout " the king ofengland ' s son , " for in it m he ' judgment on the arable 1 the d yet he married theprincess ; perhaps i may ma 17 got ships ention is made of the custom prevalent atthe time , when knights and squires plunder  
2	Subject: grades pam , the last group . please , let me know if any name is missing . grade : a thanks a lot . it was a pleasure working with you . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: shipment status congratulations jm @ netnoteinc . com ! dear jm @ netnoteinc . com , you ' ve been selected to receive a bottle of liz claiborne fragrance - free * . perfect to wear for any occassion , liz claiborne  is a light floral fragrance with just a hint of fresh citrus and mandarin - you ' ll love it for the fall season ! click here now and we ' ll send this refreshing scent right out to you . with only a few bottles on hand , i know they won ' t last long . guarantee your own good fortune - and click here to claim your very own bottle of liz claiborne fragrance . jm @ netnoteinc . com act now and click here for a one time only chance ! sincerely , shannon jones p . s . please feel free to forward this great offer to a friend ! special $ 1 store on thank - yougift has great products at an amazing price . guaranteed first quality 100 % . satisfaction guaranteed or your money back . visit thank - yougift to get in on all the bargains . visit milesource . com - get miles for just being online ! a completely free , no obligation program that rewards members for doing the things you already do . get free movie tickets , free videos , free gifts , even free airline tickets just for researching , reading the news , catching up on sports and shopping , even playing games ! visit milesource . com now ! * all offers are based on 100 % customer satisfaction . yourfreepresent reserves the right to cancel this offer any time once quantities run out . a handling charge of $ 5 . 93 will be applied to each item . all merchandise and offers are based on first come first serve . offer not valid in the state of california and washington . you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: valuation methodology we ' ve had a request from aa to provide them with some sort of write - up or documentation from our research group on the valuation methodology used on the contingent issuance instrument for 18 million shares that was a part of the raptor transaction completed at the end of march . apparently , this request has come from aa ' s expert in this area ( i believe that his name is dechundra , or something like that . i ' ve probably destroyed the spelling on that . you guys are probably very familiar with him . ) anyway , is there such documentation that we can provide them easily ? if so , let me know so that we can try to get aa finished with their review of the transaction . in talking to our contacts at aa , i believe that their expert will be wanting to talk to you after he reviews the methodology documentation . thanks , ron 
2	Subject: could i do it ? a position has recently become available in the real time trading group reporting to bill williams . bill will be holding an information session on wednesday , july 25 , 2001 at 4 : 00 pm in mt hood for anyone who is interested in learning more about this opportunity . bill , you think i could do it ? think you could handle me ? : ) va 
2	Subject: claim your free home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards bxjqlhgh 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013101 . txt 
2	Subject: hpl liquids / exxon deal numbers : hpl liquids : 201952 exxon mobil : 226713 
2	Subject: dear vince : are you available to attend our next advisory meeting on june 14 , 2001 ? here is the draft agenda : > please let me know . kate fang 215 - 898 - 1212 wharton risk management and decision processes center - agenda - draft . doc 
2	Subject: high - quality affordable logos corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you will see several loqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needs and fit your business . flexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: fresh faces . . cute smiles hot bodies only a buck click here to be removed  
2	Subject: prescriptions for female sexual disfunction the men is rich when he is healthy ! a good book has no ending . sometimes it takes courage to give into temptation . frustration is one of the greatest things in art ; satisfaction is nothing . genius is one per cent inspiration , ninety - nine per cent perspiration . 
2	Subject: sexual teens movies ! our teens portal present : - on - line chats - weekly updates - erotic stories archive - support service - forum - live video chats - over 356 hours of hq video - 202595 + images small about our models : sweet teen playing with boyfriend ! her teen beauty invites you to join ! pure teen babe fucked and cummed all over single girl - two cocks ! some good suck ! jessy is hard fucked by this guy and them finished by sucking off . get in for more information : http : / / no - l - e - g - a - l - teens . net / remove : http : / / no - l - e - g - a - l - teens . net / stop /  
2	Subject: have you heard of rolex timepieces ? come on in _ _ _ _ _ | _ \ _ _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | _ ) / _ \ | | / _ \ \ / / | _ < | _ | \ _ \ _ _ _ / | _ | \ _ _ _ / _ / \ _ \ + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - + have you ever wanted a rolex ? + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - + what if you could own a * rolex * at a fraction of the cost ? our range of * quality swiss rolex * replicas are every bit as good as owning the genuine article , except you don ' t need to take out a loan to buy one ! visit our online store . http : / / www . mq 5 . net / rep / sash / do you want to opt out ? http : / / www . mq 5 . net / z . php 
2	Subject: advisory / gov . gray davis to speak at milken institute ` state of state . . . gray david , loretta lynch , and skilling in the same room as speakers at a conference : - > ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com [ mailto : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com ] sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 2 : 34 pm to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com subject : rahil jafry : advisory / gov . gray davis to speak at milken institute ` state of state . . . advisory / gov . gray davis to speak at milken institute ` state of state conference ' ; impact of sept . 11 on california economy to be underlying topic of event 10 / 23 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) - - ( business wire ) - - what : milken institute 2001 california state of the state conference when : tuesday , nov . 6 , 2001 , 8 a . m . - 6 : 15 p . m . where : fairmont miramar hotel , 101 wilshire blvd . , santa monica , calif . who : speakers include : - - gray davis , governor of california ( special presentation ) - - philip angelides , california state treasurer ( keynote speaker ) - - jerry brown , mayor , city of oakland - - willie brown , mayor , city of san francisco - - stephen e . frank , chairman , president and ceo , southern california edison - - richard j . hayes , senior investment officer , calpers . - - loretta lynch , president , california public utilities commission - - mike medavoy , chairman and ceo , phoenix pictures - - alex padilla , president , los angeles city council - - jeff skilling , former ceo , enron corporation sessions cover : - - the cause , possible solutions and economic impact of the state ' s ongoing electricity dilemma - - how the state can maintain its competitive edge in the entertainment industry - - the future of high - speed , internet technology - - the opportunities and challenges posed by california ' s growing diversity - - how to finance needed infrastructure , new companies , housing and other backbones of the state ' s economy - - a special q & a with institute scholars and the audience moderated by chairman michael milken . in addition , the impact of the events of september 11 on california ' s economy will be a major underlying topic of the conference . and the institute will release its annual new economy index . information : registration for all sessions , lunch and a briefing book is only $ 495 . for complete information about the program , speakers and registration , visit the institute ' s web site at www . milkeninstitute . org , or contact the events department at 310 / 998 - 2605 . note to media : accredited media wishing to attend the state of the state conference ( at no charge ) must register for the event . please contact skip rimer , director of communications , at 310 / 998 - 2654 , or by e - mail at srimer @ milkeninstitute . org . contact : milken institute skip rimer , 310 / 998 - 2654 ( director of communications ) e - mail : srimer @ milkeninstitute . org 13 : 42 edt october 23 , 2001 folder name : rahil jafry relevance score on scale of 100 : 84 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: cheapsoft support news . cat update . ( ph ) dear customers . we glad to inform you about our olympic discoubts for all our titles . our full catalogue with thousands fresh and unique software titles . you can download all it only for 5 % of real price . discountid : igtde http : / / sovesy . yurgag . com / 1 / p / ? id  adv best regards , muturl customers manager helneflifnen uxuaa . uk . south - veepygi str . 342 
2	Subject: deal extended deal # 276494 ended june 15 , but there is additional flow on meter # 9602 from the 16 th thru the 30 th . could you extend this deal thru the 30 th so that i can have vol . management create an accounting arrangement for it . if you are not the person that i need to contact , could you let me know who i need to talk to . 
2	Subject: palo verde schedules did not make it into lotus for 7 / 10 david , i was following up on your e - mail , and found that none of our pv schedules got imported into lotus notes for 7 / 10 . i am investigating today to see why , and populating the schedules into lotus now . thanks for the head ' s up . cara - - - - - original message - - - - - from : porter , david v . sent : monday , july 09 , 2001 10 : 07 pm to : semperger , cara subject : missing tags hey cara , i was discussing how there are holes in the system . tonight wesco called regarding tags 26681 and 15502 . neither is in lotus note , but both are in oati . i thought you might want to investigate . cheers , david . 
2	Subject: fca offrr hello , welcome to phar seethe monline sh klystron op - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical s astride hops admission v ornate g assemblyman al l passingbell l l rebuke a positivism ra quibble cl i regulable sv parvenu a u tomtom m andmanyother . - save over needlework 50 % - worldwide shlp overgrow plng - total confidentiai convex ity - over 5 mi orthogonal iiion customers in 130 countries have tighten a nice day ! 
2	Subject: sodbuster . . . what ' s up man hey man this is stacy . i was checking out the highschoolalumni website tonight and i saw your name and thought i ' d write ya . man i can ' t believe it ' s been this long . last time i saw you was that night at a & m when you , me and john agee went out drinking and running over signs . i was living up in dallas for about 4 years but i moved back to mp about a year ago . i also got married and had a little baby girl in since then too . anyway i just wanted to say hi . hope i ' m emailing the right person here . mail me back man . ps . . maybe we can get scotty t , jim richey , and us together for that fabled camping trip . cya get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheapest prlces ! automat tons of cool soft . at incredibly low prlces ! just try not to laugh when you see the funny prlces : ) just to show you : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 - just 120 dolars ! macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 - only 100 dolars ! windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional - 80 dolars ! ! hmmm take me now ! : p . s . ofers are valid till may , 15 stock ' s limited . also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 advanced server windows nt 4 . 0 office xp professional office 2000 ms plus ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe acrobat 6 professional macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw ( all ver ' s ) corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage and more . . . letters from an iowa soldier in the civil war subscribe free newsletter tell a friend get free content for your website learn to make online games watch quot light . konserten var helt suveren iselin ! fikk t o m en liten prat med han ene og dama hans jippi ! hehe . hola francisco soy nuevo aqui en estos rumbos tengo un problema con la localizacion de un manual de servicio . for some time rumors have been circulating about a new radio venture to from a ship recently some more news has appeared in the news group . and it s not just limited to susupcious package incidents that neither septa nor the philadelphia police want to keep under wraps . nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp soy algo inexperto en este tipo de temas escribanme ! could have been your chance to be part of rkyhrrcst all you had to do was email them be stronger ! ! en la manifestaci oacute n de la semana anterior en caracas todos los dem aacute s insist iacute an . i m making you sound like a bear but the fact is that you re so warm and charming most of the time that it effectively offsets the times you re unhappy . to civilwartalk the online source for free and useful the dispatch depot join us in civil war history chat the war between the states trivia game challenging . y para completar celebro este dia comiendome un whopper doble carne sin mayonesa con refresco extra grande y poniendo el dia de los muertos de siouxsie and the banshees . love the web feed i think i ve found a good place to listen to the wildcats enjoyed the marshall feed before the football game and am enjoying the football game right now . translate this page welcome to the personal website of joachim bollen please select your language bienvenueau website personel de joachim bollen veuillez choisir votre langue . among sociologists there is much support for the position that societal polarizations are phenomena which naturally tend to increase anyway .  
2	Subject: steve leppard hi vince , hr is working on a mid - year salary review for london people that have a noticeable gap between their compensation at enron and what we would have to pay in the market for a replacement . they highlighted steve as someone with a potential gap - particularly in light of what we ' re seeing in our quant recruiting effort for credit trading and research . i ' d like your opinion on the best way to make sure we keep steve happy and keep him at enron . there are several things i see we can do : 1 ) give him a mid - year pay increase to move him closer to market . i ' m not sure this is the best way to go , especially if we only offer him a token salary increase . 2 ) offer him more responsibility : what are your thoughts on timing for making steve the official head of the london research team ? with my move to ebs , should we accelerate this ? i think this is good way to keep him happy and motivated , and then follow up with a more meaningful salary review at year - end ( as part of the regular process ) that takes into account his greater responsibility . 3 ) we have some people that we ' re trying to get under long - term ( 3 - yr ) contract with a 12 - month notice clause . obviously anyone signing one of these will want significant up - front compensation for being handcuffed . we ' ve not had a lot of success with these here in london , and i would prefer to keep steve happy so he wants to stay with enron rather than contractually binding him to the job . i ' d value your thoughts on this . thanks , dale 
2	Subject: hey , hello , it ' s me lauren . . . husband on business trip my profile is online , you can come and chat with me . . . if you want to get to know each other better we can have a date ztop it ! http : / / www . hotladiestodate . com / emms / preference / control . php  
2	Subject: update on mg var model hi vince , thanks for the e - mail . we have included live links to price curves through reuters quotes via telerate bridge but we still have static curves for gold and cocoa . kirstee is talking to andreas in ny to obtain position files on a daily basis , addressing point 2 ) in your e - mail , as well as looking into longer term integration issues . cantekin and i have agreed the correct correlations for the metals between us , but cantekin is currently checking the correlations for silver and gold . preliminary results based on positions as of 19 th july are as follows : we noticed that position mapping at the front months can change var significantly . as you stated , kirstee hewitt will now be assuming responsibility for further modifications to the model on the london side and to this end i have ensured that kirstee is put in touch with key personnel like andreas ( andreas will be in the london office next week ) and has access to all the information she needs . regards , anjam ahmad research x 35383 spreadsheet : 
2	Subject: flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline wanted to give you a heads up to these flexible physical deals that might involve your desks via eol in the near future . we already have one in the east . i stressed to the sitara / eol folks the importance of adding comments to the term sections of these baseload and term tickets so we know what is happening . one side of these buy / sell or exchange deals will be ratable and the corresponding partner ticket will have the optionality . comments will include the corresponding deal number , that it is in fact a buy / sell or exchange deal and the delivery time period ( 3 , 5 or 10 days ) that the counterparty desires . i hope this helps . . . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 06 / 27 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thomas engel 06 / 26 / 2000 11 : 49 am to : linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , karen lambert / hou / ect @ ect , larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : bob bowen / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect subject : flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline can you all meet this afternoon or tomorrow to discuss this . call me 3 - 1488 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thomas engel / hou / ect on 06 / 26 / 2000 11 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : scott mills 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 51 am to : thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , karen lambert / hou / ect @ ect , bob bowen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline got any ideas on how this transaction should look . this looks like a monthly volume that would be further refined to daily on the expected volumes once the counterparty has made their decision ( i would imagine logistics will be the one communicating with the counterparty ) . we probably need eol to indicate whether it is a 3 , 5 , 10 day delivery cycle and then indicate this as comments . linda / karen - what are your thoughts on how separate gtc would work on this . if we could all do a little homework . i will get something scheduled for next week to discuss further . srm ( x 33548 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott mills / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dale neuner 06 / 23 / 2000 08 : 40 am to : david forster / corp / enron @ enron , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , tom moran / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , mark taylor / hou / ect @ ect , stacy e dickson / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey t hodge / hou / ect @ ect , jeff blumenthal / hou / ect @ ect , stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ ect , rudi zipter / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect , frank l davis / hou / ect @ ect , melba lozano / hou / ect @ ect , robert b cass / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , bob bowen / hou / ect @ ect , larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer blay / hou / ect @ ect cc : scott hendrickson / hou / ect @ ect subject : flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline we are positioning ourselves to release a new product type that we will refer to as a flexible physical gas product . legal is in the process of drafting a gtc and product type description that will be used with this product type . i will start the building process once legal provides the gtc and product type description ; but in the interim , here ' s a broadstroke description of how the transaction works : party a and party b exchange gas during the month of june 2000 . party a buys 10 , 000 mmbtu per day ( or 300 , 000 total mmbtu ) at tco pool index party b has the right to notify party a of when party b wants to take delivery during the month of june , and may take delivery in one of three forms : 3 - day delivery , 5 - day delivery , or 10 - day delivery . the gas nominated for each such day would be a percentage of the total 300 , 000 mmbtu ( i . e . ; if party b chooses 5 days for nomination , party a would deliver 20 % of the 300 , 000 mmbtu on each of those 5 days for a total nom of 100 % ) . party b pay tco pool index plus a premium . i understand that this type of transaction is currently done over - the - counter . scott mills has previously issued an explanatory e - mail of sitara concerns and we should begin to address those issues . bjorn - if you could ask someone to prepare a sigma factor in advance , then my turn around time to for the product type should be reduced . also , due to the varying ' optionality ' , do you think these three different products will require three different product types ? please feel free to call if you have any questions . dale 3 - 9746 
2	Subject: personnel announcement jordan h . mintz has been named vice president & general counsel for enron global finance and will be leaving the enron north america tax group . stephen h . douglas , sr . director , will head up tax services for ena . steve came to ena ' s tax planning group from the charlotte , north carolina firm fennebresque , clark , swindell & hay in may , 1998 . he was previously affiliated with the skadden , arps law firm in new york city . steve received his bs degree in finance and mathematics from trinity university ( 1987 ) , his jd from the university of texas school of law ( 1990 ) and his llm in taxation from the new york university school of law ( 1993 ) . please join me in congratulating jordan and steve in their new roles . robert j . hermann , managing director & general tax counsel 
2	Subject: enron de mexico - risk management volumes & origination john and louise , i just want to inform you that last friday , we reached our 2001 volume and origination targets for risk management trades in mexico . we have been marketing financial derivatives to industrial customers in mexico , and aggressively expanding our cutomer base , and it is finally paying off . our targets for this year were : to reach a volume of 84 bcfs of natural gas equivalent trades , and origintaion of $ 1 . 9 million dollars . today , we have 98 bcfs of gas , and $ 2 . 130 million dollars in origination . our efforts to expand this market will not ease , but we are very happy for this results down here , and wanted to share this with you . best regards . 
2	Subject: high volume bounce on this stock we are very excited about this new upcoming stock about to explode montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs . aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas ( mogi . pk ) again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news ) announces that the syivan lake oil and gas project is sti | | awaiting a rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have been waiting for a rig to become avaiiabie for over two weeks , and anticipate this to happen next week at the latest . the company has a 25 % working interest in the syivan lake project . symbo | - mogi . pk current price - . 29 reasons to consider mogi : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves potentialiy worth muiti - millions , mogi is seliing for less than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sectorare rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and deveiopers like montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . vancouver , british columbia , march 30 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - montana oil and gas , inc . , ( pink sheets : mogi ) president peter sanders is please to announce the following update on its sylvan lake project . after several delays due to unseasonable weather and road closures in the province of alberta , the contracted drilling rig was moved onto location over the weekend and ensign drilling has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m well and are currently drilling at 1 , 250 feet . surface casing will be run to 930 feet . the drilling rig is known as a telescopic double and is rated to drill to 10 , 000 feet in depth . drilling operations are expected to be suspended shortly for a few weeks as the county may impose a restriction on heavy vehicles using secondary highways and roads during spring breakup as heavy vehicles may cause severe road damage . this is an annual event , which occurs in most of central and northern canada when the frost , which may be several feet thick comes out of the ground . drilling operations for a large rig such as the sylvan lake well requires service by heavy vehicles such as mud , water , cement and vacuum trucks which will be prohibited from using the roads during this period of time . peter sanders notes , the road bans that have been taking place all over alberta happen is every year and in the spring is no surprise , all oil and gas companies are effected by breakup , the good thing is , is that we have the rig on site , which will remain there until we are finished drilling , surface casing has been completed and we will be ready to finish drilling the minute the road bans are lifted . the sylvan lake prospect is a well defined 3 - d seismic structural high within a preserved pekisko remnant ! ? ? island ! ? l that may have virgin reservoirs with similar production potential as the adjacent n pool where 6 wells have produced 680 , 000 barrels oil since 1997 . in overall , the sylvan field has produced 40 million barrels of oil from the pekisko formation and 50 billion cubic feet of gas from the shunda formation . ensign drilling will test a total of 30 feet from several zones in the shunda formation at 7 , 155 feet and a 30 - foot pekisko oil formation at 7 , 320 feet . when drilling resumes , the hole is planned to reach a total depth of 7 , 570 feet , which may take some 10 days to then complete drilling and testing . each development well has probable production of 150 barrels of oil per day and 750 ? thousand cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 billion cubic feet gas and 300 , 000 barrels of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the sylvan lake field has produced 500 barrels of oil per day and / or over one million cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to drill up to 4 more wells on these land sections . this immediate area has been developed for both oil and natural gas over the past forty - five years . accordingly a multitude of gas gathering and processing facilities and oil transportation facilities have been constructed . for more detailed information on this project please see news release dated ( wed , mar 30 ) . good luck and successfu | trading . statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiied company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment .  
2	Subject: believed xanaax , tussioneex , clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , adlpex from $ 65 line girl otherwise climb call yes , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today eyesworldwide shippiing aunt prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 quickly while late taken began shes breath blue warm '  
2	Subject: ees examples louise , i have reformatted the list to show breakdown by customer type and added some more details for the power customers . i have not been able to obtain more detail from the gas guys . please let me know if this is closer to what you are looking for or if you need further info . before the meeting . 
2	Subject: order sma - no prscrptin required soma shipped right to your doorstep discretely no prior prescription needed great prices on all our meds . lowest prices on the net place your order today click here to order today thank you very much for helping me out with school and stuff . i cant express enough what it means to me and how proud i am . i love you . ill be returning the favor as soon as a decent job falls into my lap . i miss you . mom and dad like it up here , they think it is great , i hope we get a chance to talk very soon . take care and i miss you allot . yours truley bill  
2	Subject: enron projects by team enron tiger team : thank you for your input on project requests . the breakout of projects is as follows : team 1 : wholesale trading team 2 : impact of e - commerce on energy markets team 3 : retail business applications any questions , please call the fap office . good luck with your finals . have a wonderful winter break . sincerely , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania ( 215 ) 573 - 8394 ( 215 ) 573 - 5727 fax fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: investment opportunity . dear friend , you will be surprise to see this message but i got your information through spartanburg , area chamber of commerce usa . my name is howard jones , a chief auditor , during my last auditing in the in london , uk we realized the sum $ 35 . 5 million owned by one patric zuma from egypt who died in a fatal motor accident in nov . 15 , 2004 while he was away on vacation in egypt . all efforts , made to reach the relatives of mr . patric zuma for the past two years , have not yielded any positive result . it was later gathered that mr . zuma ? s divorced wife died some two years ago in gaza . in our last board meeting , the directors jointly decided that mr . zuma ? s money should be included in the annual profit for the year 2005 . since i was the one who introduced mr . zuma to the bank , i objected to the decision and demanded that the fund remains floating in the treasury for another one year to see if we could actually get the relatives of mr . zuma to claim the money . i am seeking your partnership to transfer this funds to your account for your co - operation and assistance i willcompensate you with 25 % 70 % percent for me and 5 % set aside for any saundry expenses . with your consent , we will put up a claim on your behalf as next of kin to mr . zuma , iwill send you all the documents to you . once this is done , the claims & verification dept will have the funds processed and wired to your account , then we can meet to share the money together . please i want you to keep this information very confidential as the exposure of this information might even lead to my life imprisonment or death . if you are not willing to assist me , then i will beg you to still keep the informations secret . let me have your telephone number so that i can reach you if you need me to call you . i look forward to hearing from you soon . i am presently in london on special duties . thank you and regards howard jones alternative e - , mail addres : howard _ jones @ katamail . com 
2	Subject: view my live show please sick of plain photos and shitty videos ? experience the ultimate in adult entertainment with free live amateur cams ! click here now to see what i mean for free ! stop  
2	Subject: cialis , valium , viagra , xanax at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! offering many of today ' s most widely used prescription drugs on the market ! ambien , viagra , xenical , valium , prozac , xanax and many more ! just copy and paste the url below into your browser for these special savings !  
2	Subject: do i require an attorney to use this system and clean up my record calls about late payments are discontinued dead in their tracks . we have pioneered an advanced system of proven strategies that will get the creditors and debt collectors off your back for good our debt termination program has legally stopped millions of dollars worth of debt from being collected . check out our elimination program here http : / / bxr . km . classypeopleitems . com / g 8 / po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future day was now breaking , and several of the tatars appeared and examined the body of the turk with grunts of surprise , for there was no mark upon him to show how he had been slain . supposing him to be dead , they tossed him aside and forgot all about him rob had secured his ruby ring again , and going to the chief ' s tent he showed the jewel to the guard and was at once admitted 
2	Subject: enron metals fx see resolution memo from andy cornfield and llloyd fleming sent separately - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 23 / 11 / 2000 12 : 37 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lloyd fleming 22 / 11 / 2000 19 : 30 to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect cc : ted murphy , david port , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , shane dallmann / lon / ect @ ect , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron , tim r jones / eu / enron @ enron , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect subject : enron metals fx rick , i thought you might be interested in some information brought to me today by andy cornfield ( director with the london risk management operations team ) , with regard to fx positions at enron metals : - the overall fx exposure of the metals business is not yet routinely laid off with the fx / interest rates desk . euro currency exposure associated with a euro aluminium option is managed by tim jones , the head of the metals financial trading desk . this position is managed under a limit of $ 30 m , which was mg ' s old fx limit . enron metals is treating this limit as an enron corporate fx limit for the purposes of managing this position and all other fx exposure . proprietary fx positions are occasionally being taken - most recently , andy has found that yesterday a metals trader opened a long euro 5 million position for value 28 / 11 . the trader is not the principal fx trader on the metals desk , although he was formerly an fx trader with billiton ( acquired by mg in 1999 ) and he became mg ' s assistant fx trader prior to enron ' s acquisition of mg . with regard to the last item , risk management and rac discussed this with mike hutchinson and it was agreed that the euro 5 m position will be closed out tomorrow . as far as the first two items are concerned , rac and risk management will be working with commercial heads to help ensure that enron corporate policy is clearly communicated and applied . regards lloyd fleming rac market risk management ph : + 44 20 7783 4532 mobile : + 44 7760 17 87 42 
2	Subject: louise , i heard your speech at the all employee meeting and was interested in more information regarding you efforts to recruit people for the mexican market . i joined the continental power trading group in ' 98 and before that in houston for a year and a half on the power night shift and on the risk management side . i would like to find out more about what you are planning in mexico and see if i my background can add any value . i lived in mexico many years and have a deep understanding of the culture and language . i have a keen interest in latin america and would enjoy exploring opportunities in the mexican market . best of luck , adrian mancebo 
2	Subject: _ fu ! ck _ my daughter ( 18 y . o . ) - ( 1 uifl ] hi , ! fresh wet teen p : u : s : s : y ! nasty horny young women girl cheerleaders explotied free girls exposed young amateur girls kinky nasty horny girls exposed . exclusive models only see free preview : http : / / cherokee . 09450 hgre . biz / stop my subscribtion : http : / / 09450 hgre . biz / stop / 
2	Subject: wapa cut on 6 - 2 - 01 dear st _ sw traders , fyi - there was a cut on deal # 622350 . 1 on june 2 , 2001 for he 11 . it was a real time cut that reduced the schedule from 40 mw to 25 mw . mirant is at fault for the cut . ( our up - stream is pac ) . we originally thought that this got booked out between mirant and wapa , but when i spoke with kathy yesterday , she informed me that there was no bookout and that they want to cut the schedule . ( the people involved during the cut were geir at epmi , bob at pac , emily at mirant , and jackie for wapa ( jackie is a control area dispatcher , so she cannot do bookouts for wapa , hence there was no bookout ) ) . we have agreed that to cut the schedule will be the best for now . they do not plan on charging us ld ' s ( she ' s checking with her boss to make sure . ) we will just reduce the schedules to 25 for he 11 . it is up to you if you want to charge ld ' s to mirant for the spread . just wanted to let you know and get your input . virginia 
2	Subject: re : ( terms and conditions apply ) from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear friend , results for promotional draw nationwide lotto s . a wishes to inform you of the results of her promotional draws held on the 25 th september , 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . your lottery claim is attached to ticket number 44 - 3 - 2 , with serial number 708 - 4 , and drew the lucky numbers 05 07 18 27 31 36 ( 46 ) to emerge one of the third category winners . you have consequently been awarded a lump sum pay out of 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 euro ( one million five hundred thousand euro ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of  9 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared between 6 international winners in the category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with global securities & financial services insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year ( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to  12 , 00 , 000 . 00 , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately to begin your claims process . bank : global securities & financial services address : italy liason office , via leini 29 - 31 , 10100 torino , italy tel : 0039 - 333 - 9787100 fax : 0039 - 3462299798 fax : 0039 - 01119715905 email : globaltrust @ justice . com contact person : mr . don martins for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than 30 th october , 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent / company . reference number : 3 nw - 2 batch number : fn - 112 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , shand c . lottery coordinator nationwide lotto sa south park business centre 310 green lane , ilford , igl lxt . capetown . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please kindly inform us of every of your correspondence with the claim agent for easy and effecient claim of fund . ( terms and conditions apply ) 
2	Subject: save on united now and get 30 % off a future flight dear expedia . com traveler now you can save two ways with the latest united airlines fare sale and this special offer from expedia . comc . book a united ticket on expedia . com now and you ' ll save - - plus we ' ll give you a reward for 30 % off a future united flight to most anywhere in the u . s . ! * you ' ve got until september 22 to take advantage of the latest united fare sale . and if you book a united ticket with expedia . com , we ' ll give you a reward for 30 % off your next flight . if you miss the fare sale , don ' t worry - - book a united ticket before october 31 and you ' ll still qualify for the reward . click here for more details of this offer : so book your united ticket with expedia . com now and you can turn a trip today into big savings on a winter getaway . how does florida sound in january ? or phoenix in february ? disneyland ? start your planning now and be sure to book soon . expedia . com travel team don ' t just travel . travel right . p . s . one last thing : this offer is available to everyone , but only on expedia . com . so be sure to forward this e - mail to anyone you think might like to get away and save money at the same time ! * qualifying purchase must occur on expedia . com as a u . s . point of sale and a minimum base fare of $ 150 per ticket is required . qualifying nonrefundable roundtrip tickets may be international or domestic flights on united airlines , united shuttle , or united express ( no code share or star alliance flights ) . qualifying tickets must be purchased on expedia . com between 12 : 01 am ( est ) september 12 , 2000 through 11 : 59 pm ( est ) october 31 , 2000 . qualifying travel must occur september 12 , 2000 through december 15 , 2000 . reward travel must be purchased on expedia . com between 12 : 01 am ( est ) november 15 , 2000 through 11 : 59 pm ( est ) december 31 , 2000 . passenger must commence reward travel on or after december 1 , 2000 and complete all travel on or before february 28 , 2001 . reward is valid only on roundtrip tickets within the 48 contiguous united states , alaska , and canada , ( hawaii , puerto rico & u . s . virgin islands are excluded ) . blackout dates apply . reward travel is not permitted on these dates : dec 21 , 22 , 23 , 26 , 27 , 30 . mileage plus blackout dates may also apply . additional restrictions apply . for more details , click here : about this mailing : you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered member of expedia . com ( r ) . your expedia ( r ) membership is free and your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed . if you do not wish to receive any further promotional e - mails from us , please reply to this mail with " unsubscribe " in the subject line . forget your user name or password ? click here : questions about your privacy ? read our privacy statement : questions about your credit card security ? read our credit card guarantee statement : if you have other questions , visit the expedia . com service center : we ' re sorry , but we cannot reply to responses to this e - mail . if you ' d like to give us feedback , click here : , 2000 expedia , inc . expedia , expedia . com , the airplane logo , and " don ' t just travel . travel right . " are either registered trademarks or trademarks of expedia , inc . in the united states and / or other countries . all rights reserved . other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners . expedia terms of use : this email was sent to : dfarmer @ ect . enron . com 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiii be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , verdeilgibbs _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: logitech wireless mouse @ $ 16 . 90 wireless optical 3 - button scroll mouse limited stocks ! $ 16 . 90 cordless freedom with optical precision ! this logitech cordless optical mouse works on any surface with optical sensors that provide greater accuracy and no ball to clean . experience : cordless optical technology . with a comfortable shape that fits either hand . its cool - looking silver and blue profile will look great in your work and play environment . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: grades pam , the term papers arrived at my internet mailbox . i shall be sending you the information as i make progress reading the papers . first group of students : helen demianenko javier lamas lynn nazareth shauywn smith carlos wheelock sarah woody grade : a please , confirm receipt of this message and please double check that all registered students have been graded ( to make sure no student falls through the cracks ) . vince 
2	Subject: merchanting metals update # 2 please find attached the most recent update for merchanting metals . in summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule . additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ) . please contact me if you require any additional information mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 04 / 04 / 2001 13 : 59 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike jordan 03 / 04 / 2001 16 : 29 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron , paul freeman / eu / enron @ enron cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , howard carter / eu / enron @ enron , nigel grace / eu / enron @ enron , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect subject : merchanting metals update # 2 the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as 400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values . consequently i need to inform you of , and / or require your approval for , the following : i will discuss with aa the following that obsf values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with aa on model simplifications ) that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses , as 400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to aa within the audit timetable ) an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see mo work ) the creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives the signoff for additional permanent ' enron ' headcount who will ' duplicate ' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing traffic staff a reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported dpr and the final accounting p & l as generated on the as 400 . we will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p & l , as a result of data or system valuation problems , within the month end reporting timeframe . however , this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p & l values with traders . the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated . middle office work being prioritised is as follows the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23 rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic / co - ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30 th ( replacing planned 23 rd review due to system issues ) , requiring full download of contract detail for later reference reconciliation of stock movements between 23 rd and 30 th sample tests of vanilla forward transactions detailed position analysis of all obsf contracts that must be reconciled to barclays documentation spreadsheet recalculation of obsf option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23 rd i will be in touch directly re the items needing approval regards mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 29 / 03 / 2001 20 : 51 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike jordan 21 / 03 / 2001 18 : 20 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , rick buy / enron @ enronxgate , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron subject : merchanting metals update several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the merchanting metals business . complexities surrounding the operation of the off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) which commenced two weeks before the year end . the uncertainty generated by the revocation of aa ' s signoff for the facility late in the year end audit . the discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the as 400 merchanting code , arising from the release of obsf designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the obsf . the requirement to amend the operational process and obsf it code as a result of the current renegotiation of the obsf with barclays ( and aa ) . the senior it developer for merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave . the corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues . various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the ql dpr and business balance sheet . the implementation for sap for the merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on obsf for it merchanting developers . the ar / ap sap data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end ql . middle office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement / funding data to working capital components for all metals businesses . an enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end ql covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations . the necessary report functionality should be available within the as 400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical vba / excel reports outside of the as 400 but using as 400 data downloads . user requests for additional as 400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of ql following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of obsf . a resubstantiation of the full ql dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between ql open and ql close a full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the ql audit timetable which incorporates a full circularisation of inventory balances , and matching to source documentation within enron inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders ) full reconciliation and recalculation of obsf option premium values full reconciliation of contracts within the obsf to barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to as 400 barclays account a risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation , where applicable , and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements a full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment ) a full reconciliation of intercompany accounts a full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding accounts i intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during april if you have any questions please call me on x 34703 regards mike 
2	Subject: your amazon . com order ( # 104 - 9670681 - 0325567 ) hello from amazon . com . we are sorry to report that we are having difficulty completing your order . this typically means we ' re experiencing a delay in obtaining this item from our supplier , or in rare instances , the item may have been too damaged for us to send . " dewalt dw 972 k - 2 12 volt 3 / 8 " adjustable clutch drill / driver kit " item delayed 1 - 2 weeks . we will proceed with your order for this item . since our policy is to charge for items at the time of shipment , you have not been charged for this item at this time . any other items you may have ordered that are already on hand will be shipping separately , and your total shipping charges will not be affected . for the latest information about your order , or if you would prefer to cancel the delayed items , please visit the your account section of our website ( http : / / www . amazon . com / your - account ) . you can also reach your account by clicking on the link in the top right corner of any page on our website . through your account , you can view your order status , cancel unshipped items , and change the payment method , addresses and shipping options for any unshipped items . we apologize for any inconvenience caused by this delay . thanks for shopping at amazon . com , and we hope to see you again ! sincerely , customer service department amazon . com http : / / www . amazon . com earth ' s biggest selection 
2	Subject: mark lay vince : mark had not received my email so simply assumed that i had a business plan and he would help if he could . i explained that i was at the " pre " business plan stage . further , that i had hoped to discuss my search for collaborators to become co - founders . people with vision that might help develop and refine the concept , identify model components , isolate modules for the initial effort and build a business plan suitable for angel investors not vcs . i might need your help in conveying this to him . i have struggled to put on paper a very rough draft of how it might be best describe as to the direction it might go and what might conceptually be possible . please look at this and tell me if i am going too far at this point . i do not want to implant insurmountable obstacle in anyone ' s mind . i hope to hear from you . al arfsten 713 965 2158 - lifetrak concept 012501 . doc 
2	Subject: re : gtc change for removal of hpl language hi mark , barbara , can we work something out with aep whereby we don ' t change the online gtc for sometime ? we do have language in the product long description that adresses the sale of hpl . is there any other way we can allay aep ' s concern that counterparties logging onto enrononline are confused about the actual ownership of hpl . thanks . savita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 10 : 04 am to : puthigai , savita subject : re : gtc change for removal of hpl language not in the near future - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: amazing job offer for peoples who want have money in pocket do you want to find good , highly paid ( a provisional or a constant ) work ? wherever you would be , we can find for you the best offers of work . we offer employers for the companies worldwide . send the contact information or curriculum vitaeon e - mail : manager @ job - softservice . biz shortly you will receive offers about work . no payments . twenty - four - hour support wide choice of vacancies , in what city , staff , cuontry wherever you would be . shadow : our managers will help to pick up the best offers of work exactly for you 
2	Subject: dynegydirect system update well , looks like we are not the only ones that have problems every now and then ! ! ! i received a similar message this morning stating that the site was down . sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 01 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - customer . care @ dynegy . com on 02 / 07 / 2001 01 : 29 : 56 pm to : cc : subject : dynegydirect system update ( embedded image moved to file : picl 9718 . gif ) dear dynegydirect user , as of 2 : 00 pm ct today , february , 7 , 2001 , the dynegydirect application will be unavailable . trading will resume tomorrow , february 8 , 2001 , during regularly scheduled hours . if you have any questions or concerns , please do not hesitate to contact an e - care analyst at the number listed below . we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused . thank you , dynegydirect e - care customer support dynegy , inc . ph : ( 877 ) 396 . 3493 fx : ( 877 ) 396 . 3492 email : ecare @ dynegydirect . com - picl 9718 . gif 
2	Subject: special pricing on rxdrugs . to be precise , put the bucks back in your pocket . eshopping for dr . prescribed remedies can bring you easy pocket change , reliable support and effective cures . you can select from our wide range of quality medic  s for dysfunction of the male organ , pain , swelling , severe tensions , man ' s care , bad cholesterin , over vveight and sleeping disorder . count on our company for quick and reliable shipment . these featured items can help customers reduce expenses . best of all , your case details will be reviewed by our licensed physicians quickly without a charge to you . for wonderful lovvprice tablets , check this chemist - site . m me , after a little indecision " well , and i had heard of you as a very pretty girl , and what were we or insipid talk , to meet the heartless elegance of her father and sister . and going on with her wor k , ' that i ne ver wa to wait for besides ? i do not like having such things so long in hand . s married myself , master d 8 avy , and that i don ' t expect 8 to be . that ' s all i k now about the sub 
2	Subject: password for access to tw deal profitability / analysis here is the password to get into the tw deal profitability / analysis tools : i . d . : kchow , password : kctwl . please forward this to all appropriate personnel . if you would like me to demo this with you please give me a call 5 - 3413 . thanks kim kouri 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best reqards , kari  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 12 jul 2005 12 : 09 : 30 + 0200 from antonio . urjc . es [ 193 . 147 . 184 . 24 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ana . elvira @ urjc . es ( reason : deferred ) ( expanded from : ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - maildrop : error writing to mailbox . ana . elvira @ urjc . es . . . deferred : local mailer ( / usr / sbin / sensible - mda ) exited with ex _ tempfail message could not be delivered for 5 days message will be deleted from queue 
2	Subject: re : how many profit centers does ea have today ? just to ensure that i am supplying you with the correct information , by profit centers do you mean commercial teams ? if so , we currently have 46 - i took the count from our management summary ( everything that falls into commercial , including structuring and fundamentals . ) if this is not what you are looking for , please give me a ring and i ' ll be happy to pull whatever you need . thanks ! ( i ' m sorry i took so long get back with you - i ' ve been tied up all afternoon . ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 1 : 42 pm to : killen , faith subject : how many profit centers does ea have today ? back in 99 it went from 4 to 29 i am guessing it now has about 20 . 
2	Subject: waiver of price cap on capacity release fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven harris / et & s / enron on 04 / 10 / 2001 09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : shelley corman / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 47 am to : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum / enron @ enronxgate , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , danny mccarty / lon / ect @ enron cc : subject : waiver of price cap on capacity release fyi i have been in several discussions lately where the statement has been made that waiver of the price cap on capacity release expires in september 2001 . this is incorrect . order 637 states that the commission is waiving the maximum rate ceiling in its capacity release regulations until september 30 , 2002 for short - term releases of capacity of less than one year beginning upon the effective date of this rule . ( i ) waiver of maximum rate ceiling . until september 30 , 2002 , the maximum rate ceiling does not apply to capacity release transactions of less than one year . with respect to releases of 31 days or less under paragraph ( h ) , the requirements of paragraph ( h ) ( 2 ) will apply to all such releases regardless of the rate charged . 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020424 . txt 
2	Subject: the best investments otc newsletter discover tomorrow ' s winners for immediate release cal - bay ( stock symbol : cbyi ) watch for analyst " strong buy recommendations " and several advisory newsletters picking cbyi . cbyi has filed to be traded on the otcbb , share prices historically increase when companies get listed on this larger trading exchange . cbyi is trading around 25 cents and should skyrocket to $ 2 . 66 - $ 3 . 25 a share in the near future . put cbyi on your watch list , acquire a position today . reasons to invest in cbyi a profitable company and is on track to beat all earnings estimates ! one of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety equipment instruments . excellent management team , several exclusive contracts . impressive client list including the u . s . air force , anheuser - busch , chevron refining and mitsubishi heavy industries , ge - energy environmental research . rapidly growing industry industry revenues exceed $ 900 million , estimates indicate that there could be as much as $ 25 billion from " smell technology " by the end of 2003 . ! ! ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! ! our last recommendation to buy orbt at $ 1 . 29 rallied and is holding steady at $ 3 . 50 ! congratulations to all our subscribers that took advantage of this recommendation . all removes honored . please allow 7 days to be removed and send all addresses to : goneforgood @ btamail . net . cn certain statements contained in this news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , and " intend " or similar terms . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . we were paid $ 27 , 000 in cash by a third party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . not intended for recipients or residents of ca , co , ct , de , id , il , ia , la , mo , nv , nc , ok , oh , pa , ri , tn , va , wa , wv , wi . void where prohibited . the owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in cbyi and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published . factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . copyright c 2001 otc * * * * 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: boosting your business remember to contact us if you ' re in need of stable offshore resources to promote your services / products , including : - direct mail servers ( cheap ! ) - offshore web hosting - email addresses according to your order - send mailing according to your order more information let us know if you have any questions . jone support team sales @ xc 6 . com please click here to off : jo @ aol . com ? subject  180  
2	Subject: wellhead desk - new headcount this week , the wellhead desk has done more than 150 deals . we need to discuss adding a headcount ( maybe 2 ) , as originally we were just integrating the book with the daily business . at the current pace , this is no longer an option . bob , will this require an additional headcount for logistics as well ? and , who needs to sign off on this on the commercial side ? thanks for your help , jg 
2	Subject: enron update following our announcement of an additional of $ 1 billion credit line , standard & poor ' s ( s & p ) today downgraded enron ' s long - term credit rating one notch from bbb + to bbb and short - term rating from a 2 to a 3 . we expected this , because it is not unusual to be downgraded after using assets to secure credit . this is still above investment grade . the ratings of our pipelines northern natural gas and transwestern have also been lowered from a - to bbb . in s & p ' s words , " their ratings [ are now ] in line with those of the parent company to reflect s & p ' s view that enron ' s pipeline assets have become more strategic to the company . " s & p also said , " [ we continue ] to believe that enron ' s liquidity position is adequate to see the company through the current period of uncertainty , and that the company is working to provide itself with an even greater liquidity cushion through additional bank lines and pending asset sales . " as i ' ve said before , building on our liquidity position through additional credit lines maintains our counterparties ' confidence and strengthens our core businesses . it ' s important for you to know that our gas and power numbers - which account for more than 95 percent of our trading activity - indicate that our customer base is not withdrawing , closing out positions , or reducing transaction levels as a result of credit concerns . in fact , enrononline trading volumes are currently experiencing above - normal activity . we will continue to update you as new developments arise . thank you . 
2	Subject: paris hilton stocks up on viagra call us on : l 8 oo order now or visit : http : / / www . vaigra . net regards marilee l umbaugh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bait - baseline to : marilee l umbaugh sent : mon , 07 feb 2005 05 : 40 : 15 + 0100 subject : re : great news . read here more ? http : / / www . vaigra . net / 7 . php you will find this useful : - http : / / www . vaigra . net 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121824 . txt 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: fw : revised : gas logistics netco restart fyi - this is the " day 1 " list that you worked on consolidated into one spreadsheet . as you can see the logistics managers for each desk , working with suzanne and me will be responsible for getting this done . suzanne is putting together a master binder and will start reviewing the requirements with each of you to get as much done ahead of time as possible . in the master binder will be the more detailed spreadsheets with the additional , and critical , notes you included . let me know if you have any questions , tks . in addition tammy is working on the tpa ' s and ebb ' s to get the major edi pipes up and running asap . bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : superty , robert sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 10 : 39 am to : kitchen , louise cc : calcagno , suzanne subject : revised : gas logistics netco restart louise , as requested , attached is the gas logistics pipeline contract spreadsheet with responsibilities added . please let me know if you have any questions , tks - bob superty 
2	Subject: wall street news investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j breaking news released by the company on friday - watch out the stock go crazy on friday morning 21 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 13 did your portfolio have a stock move like this one ! l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wiil it continue higher ? lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company seils primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 300 k , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of deveioping its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ 0 . 13 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annualized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to double its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 miilion by 2007 . lauraan wil | be recognized for its quaiity of service , vaiue provided , and the simpiicity of its soiutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcal | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholiy - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has completed an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie installer for new insta | | ations of residential aiarms for certicom and wil | be their provider of other home technology products too . syslync aiso announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range . " these two agreements wi | | more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with builders and homeowners , to design and instal | home technoiogy solutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget . safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press reiease contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are generaily identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materia | | y from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form 10 - ksb on file with the sec . read this legal notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 1956 o from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - stocksmaker 88 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: windows operating systems only $ 50 brawl fentonapproximate sanhedrin knightwigmake codfish thunderboltpallid aware moranmilkweed turf commandsculpture waterfall frostbiteinfer columbia jitterdecker coven delayconfess effluent fungaleclogue steinberg bootlegcompactify harrow bessgamesman miser churchillianbundestag narragansett woodrowedison steeplebush woodcarverblare alongside reliefbloodroot veneer reportorialposit jerk palliateadsorbate epitaph stimulisevenfold cockleshell damage vestryeighty climatic clintondiffusible introduction farinachromic con caviarbetide britain addendumswell coequal c ' scombinate dempsey equipotentcraze fidget airdropgrown perfume alluviumplumb dewey colorimeterpet mainstay allotcondone artful bantucamel agglutinate blackoutpulpit hint bolognamend prove guilfordproffer calcify morelsouthernmost copperhead bradleychromatography chianti poetbateau sequel punkaltern 
2	Subject: is this sto - ck ready to blaze higher ? structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technoiogy company focused on the development & commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and | ittie competition . symbo | : pgpu . pk current price : o . 68 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structura | technology aerofoammetals . com press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire a | | of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 50 o , ooo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficially owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement immediateiy and to hoid a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing this | etter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profile : pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publiciy traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term specuiative potential as wel | as the potential for | ong term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! please fo | | ow this one trade tuesday ! ! nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment advice . although our empioyees may answer your general customer service questions , they are not | icensed under securities laws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice . we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in any security recommended to our readers . ail of our empioyees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine pubiication or 72 hours after the mailing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initia | recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company . to cance | by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to : no _ morenewslettersl 0 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 20 o 5 investment newsletter a | | rights reserved 
2	Subject: preferred non - smoker rates for smokers case study # 1 male - 63 $ 5 , 000 , 000 face good health 5 - 10 cigarettes a day issued : preferred non - smoker case study # 2 female - 57 $ 785 , 000 face good health social cigarette smoker issued : preferred non - smoker case study # 3 male - 52 $ 5 , 200 , 000 face good health 1 - 2 cigars a month issued : preferred best non - smoker case study # 4 male - 48 $ 1 , 000 , 000 face private pilot smokes cigars daily issued : preferred non - smoker without aviation flat extra call the doctor with your case details ! we ' ve cured 1 , 000 s of agents ' " tough cases ! " - or - please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout / legal notice  
2	Subject: fwd : got meds ? we have all meds cheap valium , xanax , viagra kgkqn safe shopping . visit us at medsgalore . biz consumer note : you are receiving e - mail because you have signed up for our e - mail specials at one of our partner sites . if you do not wish to receive further news or mailings from medsgalore . biz visit the medsgalore . biz website at http : / / www . medsgalore . biz and use the unsubscribe facility . or use this link . there ' s no place like home . don ' t put all your eggs in one basket . fools seldom differ . every dog has its day forbidden fruit tastes sweeter in for a penny , in for a pound laugh and the world laughs with you ; cry and you are on your own . the early bird catches the worm first come , first served . laugh and grow fat . safety lies in the middle course empty vessels make most noise safety lies in the middle course fire is a good servant , but a bad master the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence better late than never half a loaf is better than none speech is silvern , silence is golden one man ' s meat is another man ' s poison still waters run deep . eavesdroppers hear no good of themselves . more haste , less speed . in for a penny , in for a pound . many hands make light work . in for a penny , in for a pound . first come , first served . least said , soonest mended . any time means no time .  
2	Subject: memo from office of the chair the mid - year performance management cycle will begin on may 15 with the opening of the pep system ( the online " performance evaluation process " feedback system ) . you will be receiving your password for this system in a note to go out later from pep . in preparation for the cycle , four training classes will be offered to all new employees and to those employees who have not previously attended training . enrollment for these classes will be offered through the development center " ernie " system . for employees who are outside the houston area , please contact your hr representative for more information . these sessions will be held on : wednesday , may 10 from 9 : 00 - 10 : 00 a . m . , and three sessions to be held on thursday , may 11 from 9 : 00 - 10 : 00 a . m . ; 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 p . m . ; and 3 : 00 - 4 : 00 p . m . all sessions will be held at the doubletree hotel . to register , click on this link to go directly to the development center for those of you who have attended the training before and who are familiar with the past performance management process , there have been some modifications : 1 . the performance management process is now enron wide . all enron feedback forms have been reduced to three ( vice president ( vp ) / managing director ( md ) ; management / professional ; and administration / support ) , which all use the following criteria : ? innovation / entrepreneurship ? communication / setting direction ? teamwork / interpersonal ? leadership / vision / values ? business instinct ? analytical / technical 2 . the following six performance ratings will be used consistently on the final feedback forms across enron : superior excellent strong satisfactory needs improvement issues 3 . there will be four recognized peer groups across the company for purposes of the prc ( formerly the business review meetings ) meeting . ? commercial ? commercial support ? technical ? specialized technical 4 . the performance review process will continue to be used to facilitate : ? promotions - up to director level only . there will be no officer promotions to vp / md at mid - year ? feedback to employee ? compensation decisions ? sharing of performance rating at manager  , s discretion 5 . prc meetings will be reviewed by both functional area & business units both functional areas and business units will participate in the rating of employees to cover both solid and dotted line reporting relationships . functional prc meetings will take place first , followed by the final business unit meetings . difference in views on an individual employee  , s rating should be discussed and consensus should be reached . the functional area meetings are : - accounting - human resources - government affairs - rac - global finance 6 . the pep system is now available via the intranet to allow greater access from global locations and remotely . the functionality is essentially the same . if you would like further information on how to use this system you may gain access to the quick reference guide by clicking on the attached weblinkhttp : / / home . enron . com / announce / . pdf . if the quick reference does not display correctly on your pc , call your help desk for assistance , or irma alvarez at 713 - 853 - 1543 to get a hard copy . 7 . the general responsibilities remain the same regarding the overall process : employee / reviewer responsibilities : select 5 - 7 reviewers complete self - assessment complete requested feedback forms reviewers who cannot provide feedback use the decline request feature supervisor responsibilities : approve reviewers ( at least 3 of the employee ' s choices ) communicate modifications to employee participate in prc meetings as required summarize feedback and complete appropriate feedback form communicate feedback to the employee schedule for mid - year performance review may 15 pep system opens for feedback june 9 pep system closes for feedback june 12 functional / business unit prc meetings begin july 20 prc meetings should finish july 31 / august 1 vp & md prc meeting as always , if you have further questions on the performance management process , you may contact your hr representative . 
2	Subject: make memories last with a free canon rebel camera ! > 
2	Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , josefachapman _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re : pgtt meter 986884 - dec issue we have a purchase booked here , we need to reverse ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by edward d gottlob / hou / ect on 02 / 01 / 2001 09 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jack simunek 01 / 31 / 2001 10 : 19 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : pgtt meter 986884 - dec issue sorry it took me so long to get back to you . pg & e did not fully process the gas stream at their indian springs plant on december 12 and 13 and took the reduced shrinkage , 19 . 000 mmbtu / d , and sold it to hpl at gas daily - $ 0 . 04 . pg & e did not have the right to do that , so they are going to allocate that volume to comstock , from whom we will buy the gas at the beginng of the month index . at the same time pg & e will create an imbalance , for which they will pay hpl the same amount hpl paid them for the gas for those two days . this should wash the sale at gas daily and leave hpl buying the gas at the beginning of the month ifhsc ( the price in the comstock purchase contract ) and selling it at the gas daily price for 12 / 12 and 12 / 13 . the paperwork is on its way to me to close this issue out . from : sherlyn schumack 01 / 23 / 2001 07 : 49 am to : jack simunek / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : pgtt meter 986884 - dec issue jack , sandra at teco seems to think you may have some information on how this deal should work . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherlyn schumack / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001 07 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary poorman @ enron 01 / 22 / 2001 04 : 47 pm to : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect subject : pgtt meter 986884 - dec issue ed , sherlyn has brought to my attention the deal i have attached below . apparently we bot from pge industrial on the 12 th and 13 th . pg & e has allocated an offsetting sale at the meter to teco , and claim that they are net deals . i do not show a sale in the system at the meter , and i checked the 215 k for those days for a corresponding delivery to teco , perhaps at another meter , and could not find one . any light you could shed on this issue would be appreciated . mary 
2	Subject: - get your first order of full color business cards for simple shipping charge only ! you can get 250 full color business cards , check it out now . shipping and handling not included . see web site for details . if you do not want to receive e - mails concerning vistaprint products , please click here . the products and services described in this e - mail are provided by vistaprint limited , an international retailer of custom printing . united states customers may contact us in care of our u . s . subsidiary : vistaprint usa incorporated , 100 hayden avenue , lexington , ma 02421 tylwyuui 
2	Subject: delano unit outage 7 / 12 - 7 / 13 group , delano suffered a unit outage at approximately 1200 pdt on thursday , 7 / 12 . pandol unit 1 went down due to a boiler tube leak . they expect the unit to return around 1200 pdt on friday , 7 / 13 . they were prescheduled at 45 mw on - peak thursday , 30 mw off - peak thursday , and 30 mw all day on friday . because of the unit outage they are only able to produce a total of 25 mw . bert has already purchased 20 mw through he 22 to cover their peak schedule . please purchase 5 mw for he 23 on thursday through hel 2 on friday to cover their friday schedule . before you do this call the control room to see if they are still expecting to be down through hel 2 on friday . they sold day - ahead at $ 56 . please try to purchase for less than $ 56 , while still taking $ 5 for yourselves ( for example , if you can purchase for $ 45 , then sell it to delano at $ 50 ) . also , we told the iso that they would only be down through he 24 on thursday , so they wouldn ' t cut our day - ahead schedule . you need to call the iso real - time generation desk ( 916 - 351 - 2488 ) this evening around 10 pm to tell them that you had to purchase replacement power for delano through hel 2 on friday . once again you might want to call the control room just before you call the iso to confirm that they will be returning around hel 2 on friday . if you have any questions please feel free to call me . thanks , stan 503 - 235 - 5646 ( home ) 503 - 819 - 1132 ( cell ) 
2	Subject: re : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , we can invite you for an interview to houston . what would be a the time for you ? vince iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 32 : 04 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) hi , thank you for your prompt response . i am interested in any contacts you may have in your rolodex . also , i would be opened to talk to enron as well . please let me know more details . kind regards , iris internet from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 16 : 19 gmt to : iris mack cc : vince . j . kaminski , stinson . gibner , grant . masson , pinnamaneni . krishnarao , vasant . shanbhogue bcc : subject : re : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , i shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you . i left investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast . alternatively , would you be interested in a company like enron or another energy company in houston ? please , let me know . vince iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 20 : 01 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) hi , how are you ? thank you kindly for your email . sorry i have not responded sooner . currently i am working in derivatives structured products and risk management at bnp paribas in london . although i currently enjoy living and working in london , i may need to return to the states - because of my mother ' s failing health . do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that i may forward my details to ? for your information , i have attached my cv . ( please see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) . thank you in advance for your time and consideration . kind regards , iris mack 44 ( 0 ) 20 7595 8665 ( work ) 44 ( 0 ) 20 7229 9986 ( home ) ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) internet from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 15 : 03 gmt to : iris mack cc : vince . j . kaminski bcc : subject : re : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes . i shall be glad to chat with you . vince iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com subject : greetings from london ( to enron ) dear dr . kaminski , how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference in nyc . i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this is something i am interested in as well . when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more detail ? thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon . regards , iris mack - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * . any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately . * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas * sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion , meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement l ' expediteur . * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) - iris marie mack . doc 
2	Subject: brazil ' s rationing plan : a step away from market mechanisms ? - cera alert title : brazil ' s rationing plan : a step away from market mechanisms ? url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2381 rationing plan continues to evolve as threat looms brazil ? s hydro reservoirs ? current stored energy is well below the levels necessary to assure supply throughout the dry season . despite a general acceptance that rationing is becoming inevitable , the brazilian government has not announced how it will be implemented . key issues include the following : * it is too late to sufficiently increase supply to avoid a crisis . * the power shortage could reduce gdp growth by 0 . 5 to 1 . 5 percent . * immediate implementation of rationing will minimize the depth of the required cuts . * * end * * follow above url for full report . e - mail category : alert cera knowledge area ( s ) : latin american energy , cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: sweet virgins love hard sex : ) first - time sex ! young boy fuck young girls ! young girls hardcore ! big guys fuck innocent girls ! virgin lesbians movies ! real virgin girls home video ! just click here and be happy ; ) remove your email 
2	Subject: move on may 30 th please note : the weather team will move on may 30 th . we will return to our location near the kitchen eb 3240 however , each person in the group will have a desk in the area . we will know longer be in separate locations . mike roberts eb 3240 a jose marquez eb 3240 b kevin moore eb 3240 c vince kaminski eb 3240 d patricia tlapek eb 3240 e sam smith eb 3240 f elena chilkina eb 3240 g please pack your desk on tuesday for the churn tuesday night . if you did not sit in this area listed above before , space is limited . please label all boxes , telephones , computers , etc . thanks kevin moore any questions please call kevin moore x 34710 
2	Subject: please restore your account access html > dear southtrust customer , we recently reviewed your account , and we suspect an unauthorized atm and / or pin - based point of sale transaction on your account . protecting your account is our primary concern . therefore , as a preventive measure we have temporary limited your access to sensitive information . to ensure that your account is not compromised , simply hit " click on the reference link " to confirmyour identity as a card member of southtrust . this notification expires on july 15 th 2005 . once you have updated your account records your south trust bank will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . please follow the link below and renew your account information .  
2	Subject: old and new extensions hello , may i please have several lines disconnected from my phone and several new lines added . you can delete 36336 and 33135 . you can delete 33376 and 39719 also 34768 . will you please add 36615 and 34305 will you add please jose marquez extension , a new hire . ( a new number ) also add 39737 and 36286 . r . c . 100038 co . # 0011 thanks kevin moore any questions please feel free to call . x 34710 
2	Subject: re : from a previous summer intern dear giuseppe : unfortunately , i am no longer with the associate and analyst recruiting department and will be unable to assist you directly . please contact tracy warner , who is now responsible for recruiting . she will be able to assist you directly . tracy can be contacted at tracy . warner @ enron . com . i would also recommend having vince kaminski contact her as well to ensure that all communications are in order . best regards , celeste roberts giuseppe andrea paleologo @ stanford . edu on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 53 : 39 pm please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu sent by : gappy @ stanford . edu to : celeste roberts cc : subject : from a previous summer intern celeste , my name is giuseppe a . paleologo and you amy remember me : i was a summer intern last summer in the research group , and attended the hiring event this year at stanford . in that occasion i had an informal offer from vince kaminski , and the assurance that i would receive a written one in the following two weeks , but since then i have not received any letter from enron . i would like to know if the offer is still valid , and if it has been sent . i am asking because i am in the process of evaluating my offers , and would like to wait for enron before i make my final decision . thanks in advance , giuseppe paleologo - - giuseppe a . paleologo email : gappy @ stanford . edu office phone : ( 650 ) 725 - 0541 
2	Subject: informal exploratory interview with enron research group ms . stone : your resume was forwarded to the enron research group and they would like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience . please let me know your availability the week of september 11 th . the individuals that would like to interview you are : vince kaminski grant masson kevin kindall tanya tamarchenko they will need approximately 30 minutes each ( 2 - 2 1 / 2 hours ) you may reach me at 713 / 853 - 5290 or by email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013017 . txt 
2	Subject: new stock : shooting stars stock report a drib is admix vishnu but elegiac what newspaper , eagle not acrimony . when percy conceive , eject whistleable is not viennese custom but a molten spain style arises fujitsu terramycin in episcopate , pullback and grata . would you connallyatalanta ? no , damsel carbonic weasel is depression a buttermilk and tentacle prizewinning .  
2	Subject: planning weekly report attached is the planning weekly report for the week ending 6 / 08 / 01 . - morgan gottsponer 
2	Subject: ruin anyone anywhere anything i have been receiving emails saying that i ' m contributing to the " moral decay of society " by selling the banned cd . that may be , but i feel strongly that you have a right to benefit from this hard - to - find information . so i am giving you one last chance to order the banned cd ! with this powerful cd , you will be able to investigate your friends , enemies and lovers in just minutes using the internet . you can track down old flames from college , or you can dig up some dirt on your boss to make sure you get that next promotion ! or maybe you want a fake diploma to hang on your bedroom wall . you ' ll find addresses for companies that make these diplomas on the banned cd . need to disappear fast and never look back ? no problem ! using the banned cd , you will learn how to build a completely new identity . obviously , the powers that be don ' t want you to have the banned cd . they have threatened me with lawsuits , fines , and even imprisonment unless i stop selling it immediately . but i feel that you have a constitutional right to access this type of information , and i can ' t be intimidated . uncle sam and your creditors are horrified that i am still selling this product ! there must be a price on my head ! why are they so upset ? because this cd gives you freedom . and you can ' t buy freedom at your local walmart . you will have the freedom to avoid creditors , judgments , lawsuits , irs tax collectors , criminal indictments , your greedy ex - wife or ex - husband , and much more ! please click the url for the detail ! http : / / % 62 a % 6 e % 6 e % 65 d % 63 % 64 . % 6 e % 65 % 74 you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want to send our mailings to anyone who does not wish to receive them . if you do not wish to receive any further messages from net easy . to be removed from our list ,  
2	Subject: what happend in your home ? ? ? spy pinhole color camera + voice features : all purpose cam at your finger tip world ' s true smallest spy camera ( similar to a penny ) low power consumption and high sensitivity easy installation . do - it - yourself to build your own baby / nanny monitor , r / c helicopter , airplane , walking robot , home and office security cameras as a must for private investigators and law enforcement agencies for surveillance and video monitoring recording of indoor and outdoor activities where is allowed by law keep an eye on valuables and loved ones with this tiny suitable for use at homes , workshops , warehouses , schools , offices , stores , gas stations great for portable video surveillance or for hobbies hide it easily in any objects such as box , book , toy , flower , plant , clock , or radio , anywhere you can think of record the motion video to a vcr or / and watch the video on tv without a computer or in compute with dvr card easy to keep track of anything ! ! specifications : tv system : pal definition : 380 tv lines scan frequency : 60 hz minimum illumination : 1 . 5 lux for color effective element : 510 x 492 picture area : 4 . 69 x 3 . 45 mm viewing angle : 30 ~ 35 degrees iris : automatic exposure : automatic focus : adjustable viewing distance : 50 mm to infinity full motion real time color video without delay operating voltage : 9 - volt battery or ac - dc + 8 v 200 ma power adapter operating duration by battery : 10 hours on duracell or energizer alkaline battery operating duration by ac - dc power adapters : 24 - hour non - stop installation : you can do it in 2 minutes connect the pinhole to any standard television or vcr with the rca cable ( cable not included ) plug the ( 9 - volt battery or ac - dc + 8 v 200 ma power adapter ) into the power jack of the camera or in compute with dvr card adjust the lens of the camera to its best position change your tv set into av model dimensions : 0 . 875 oz . ( net weight ) 1 . 125 oz . ( gross weight ) 0 . 725 inches x 0 . 875 inches x 0 . 875 inches ( w x l x h ) only 29 $ including shipping to worldwide ! to order click here ! to buy dvr ' s , security cameras and more , click here !  
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: re : happy new year ! shannon , thanks . the same to you . sorry to have missed your class . i had a very bad case of flu with some additional complications . i shall be glad to make a presentation on the same topic on another occasion . vince " shannon burchett " on 12 / 28 / 99 12 : 15 : 59 pm please respond to " shannon burchett " to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : happy new year ! vince , wishing you a very happy and prosperous new millennium ! happy new year , shannon risk limited corporation box 612666 dallas , texas 75261 usa tel : 972 . 245 . 8300 fax : 972 . 245 . 8318 www . risklimited . com - attl . htm 
2	Subject: re : term project : brian , no problem . vince " brian corbett nelson " on 04 / 26 / 2001 08 : 15 : 14 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : re : term project : vince , i finally joined a team that only had two members . it looks like our paper will only be about 13 to 15 pages . we were wondering that since our team is less than half the size of some of the other teams , if you could possible relax the length requirement ? thanks , brian nelson - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 3 : 54 pm to : nelsonb @ rice . edu subject : re : term project : brian , the last class + plus a few days ( depending on when i have to submit the grades ) . vince " brian corbett nelson " on 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 35 : 14 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : re : term project : mr . kaminski , i had an interview last thusday in dallas and could not attend class . did you set a project deadline ? thanks , brian nelson - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 3 : 22 pm to : isranir @ rice . edu ; demianen @ rice . edu ; tbal 93 @ yahoo . com ; maue @ rice . edu ; loughrid @ rice . edu ; jblantonjr @ yahoo . com ; gjohnson @ rice . edu ; emchombo @ rice . edu ; nazareth @ rice . edu ; vanstone @ rice . edu ; ganguzza @ rice . edu ; nelsonb @ rice . edu ; sssmith @ rice . edu ; wheelock @ rice . edu ; westmore @ rice . edu ; gaudette @ rice . edu ; otaylor @ rice . edu ; dikeman @ rice . edu ; jettke @ rice . edu ; litton @ rice . edu ; chilkina @ rice . edu ; helms @ rice . edu ; wankhade @ rice . edu ; monfan @ rice . edu ; kostya @ rice . edu ; pcp @ rice . edu ; yueguo @ rice . edu ; nlwbio @ rice . edu ; zhangn @ rice . edu ; rishad @ rice . edu ; yoshiura @ rice . edu ; howard @ rice . edu ; dayangd @ rice . edu ; wuwei @ rice . edu ; so @ rice . edu ; wooddy @ rice . edu ; lamas @ rice . edu ; tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com ; hingoran @ rice . edu ; planck @ rice . edu cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; jason . sokolov @ enron . com subject : term project : this is the list of projects for the members of the " quant " team . if you are working on different project , please , ignore this message . please , develop in a spreadsheet solutions / examples for the following : 1 . black - scholes formula 2 . black ' s formula 3 . develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using : a . gbm b . gbm + jump ( formula 2 . 16 in the book , figure 2 . 7 ) c . mean reversion + jump ( formula 2 . 17 , figure 2 . 8 ) 4 . schwartz single factor model ( formula 6 . 12 ) 5 . develop models corresponding to the figures 7 . 1 , 7 . 3 , 7 . 5 , 7 . 6 , 7 . 8 vince 
2	Subject: proteja su negocio ! ! cctv , alarmas , control de accesos cctv alarmas control de acceso su satisfacci?n y seguridad son nuestro principal objetivo . ? cotizaci?n sin compromiso ! cont?ctenos y le atenderemos con gusto . atenci?n personal : gregory taylor seguridad @ intec . com . mx 3000 - 2800 ext . 132 s?lo m?xico d . f . y ?rea metropolitana  
2	Subject: re : real options hi navroz having presented my real options work at a recent conference , i think i can see my way clear to producing a much reduced version ( 3 or 4 pages ) of my " diagrammatic real options " paper . would risk still be interested in such a shortened article ? cheers , steve enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " navroz patel " 05 / 23 / 2000 11 : 37 am please respond to " navroz patel " to : cc : subject : real options steven , after further consultation with the technical editor , we feel that your work would find a more suitable environment for exposure in the journal of risk . ? if you email a copy of your work ( to the editor - in - chief , philippe jorion ) and outline what has happened to : ? ? pjorion @ uci . edu ? then i am sure that they will be keen to give due consideration . ? thank you for your interest and sorry for the delay in coming to this decision . ? best wishes , ? navroz patel , technical assistant , risk magazine . ? 
2	Subject: re : few minutes later the election time is over . economy is still very unstable and ra t es will jump up to 10 % before a new year . a new bill just passed and you have very little time to re f i nance . do it today before its to late ! you are already ap p roved with 4 . 5 % here http : / / www . rtsec . com / edgar england - - timeworn afterward uunderling managua autoclave isomorphic or midday chamber buffet ? be was artisan are it from countywide transshipped , sloven , thymine anomalous cyclotomic be via in mellon refrigerate hypotheses rhea - kibitz and in feminist with a administer and so boggy  
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 5 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 805 . xls ) - hplo 805 . xls 
2	Subject: lose up to 19 % weight . a new weightloss is here . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarante ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 1 . com / - - - - system information - - - - segments interplay generic japan group ' s mime numbering no resources set from describing exchanging deployed parts requester preferences contribution greater publication requests results : sends meet checking note an its describe contribution group has orderings grammar disclosure part store requirements contains transition 
2	Subject: akamai kevin , i have followed up on your request to identify a potential hire from akamai ( a person familiar with their technology ) . we can start discussions with the targets in a few days . please , let me know which unit in ebs is a potential hiring agent . if it ' s research , who inside ebs can sponsor this position ? we have to discuss the responsibilities and job description . vince 
2	Subject: please reply soon from : prince joseph m . nkuma . email : princejosephnkumal 9 @ yahoo . co . intel : + 27 - 83 - 550 - 4536 . my dear friend , with due respect trust and humility i desired with the faith i have in almighty god to contact you for your assistance in transferring the sum of us $ 11 . 5 million ( eleven million five hundred thousand united state dollars ) . which my late father deposited with my name with a security and finance company in south africa as a box consignment named precious gold that belongs to a foreign partner overseas into your account overseas . in point of introduction i am ( prince ) joseph muzenda nkuma . the only son of late prince muzenda nkuma . i got your contact in a reliable source of our choice of your country for living in the rest of our life and investments , in south africa chamber of commerce and industry inter department . and i decided to write you for your assistance . my late father is one of the best gold producer and was among the few black zimbabwe rich farmers , because my late father did not supported our president robert mugabe ' s injustice alleged , he was among those black that are murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the whites . before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg to deposit the sum of us $ 11 . 5 million ( eleven million five hundred thousand united state dollars ) . with a security and finance company in south africa , as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe . this money was deposited as a box consignment named precious gold that belongs to a foreign partner overseas to the security company to avoid seizure and much demurrage from the security company . this money was earmarked for the purpose of new machinery and chemicals for arms and the establishment of new farms in lesotho and swaziland . this land problem arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act , which wholly affected rich white farmers and some few blacks vehemently condemned the " modus operandi " adopted by the government , that result to rampant killings and mob actions by the war veteran and some political thugs . presently , more than thirty - one ( 31 ) people have been killed . heads of government from the west , especially british and united states of america have voiced their condemnation of mugabe  s plan . subsequently the south africa government community ( s . a . d . c ) has continuously supported mugabe  s new land reform act . it is against this background that i and my family who are currently staying in south africa as an asylum seeker refuges have decided to transfer this money into a foreign accounts and me being the eldest son of my father and who he deposited the consignment ( money ) in my name , i am saddled with the responsibilities of seeking your assistance to come to south africa due to the need involve a foreigner , foreign account and foreign beneficiary because my status here in south africa as a refugee / asylum seeker i do not allowed to operate in any banking system or business within south africa and with my status i cannot do anything except consulting a capable foreigner like you because the south africa foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment since my family and i are staying here as an asylum seekers refugee and i am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount in south africa for fear of seizure and encountering the same experience in future since both countries have almost the same history and i need a genuine foreign account where this money will be transferred without the knowledge of government who are tactically freezing our family wealth and the south africa government seem to be playing along with them . this is why the success and smooth transfer of this money must involve a foreign partner with foreign account and foreign beneficiary whom will stand as my foreign partner as i will present you as the foreign partner ownership of the consignment also forwards to you all the necessary documents of deposited , because all the original documents which my late father used when depositing this money , all are with me . more so i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free , it ' s why my family and i , have agreed that on the conclusion of this transaction , immediately this money is out from the security company on your arrival here in south africa to your nominated bank account there in your country . you will be taken immediately 30 % of the total amount of money for your good help and assistance , while 5 % will be out for any expenses that accorded during the process of this transaction , then 65 % will be for me and my family for our investments there in your country finally , please call me urgently as soon as you receive my letter through my phone umber : + 27 - 83 - 550 - 4536 . to enable me give you my private email address and inform you more details and the next steep to take immediately to conclude this transaction and i thank you in your anticipate co - operation in advance and please this transaction is absolute highly confidential because i do not need to remind you of the need for absolute secret and confidentiality of this transaction for security reason for the life and future of my family and i depend on this money . i will like to stop here as i wait for your urgent response , indicates your private mobile phone and fax numbers for easier communications . prince joseph m . nkuma . yahoo ! india matrimony : find your life partner online . 
2	Subject: re : test vince : candice ' s contact information at mount holyoke is as follows : phone : ( 413 ) 493 - 5092 email : cgkao @ mtholyoke . edu address : 1453 blanchard campus center mount holyoke college south hadley , ma 01075 - 6002 ed ps : i hope ron singer has given you the needed info . please feel free to contact me if i can be of any help with regard to your colleague ' s inquiry about pursuing doctoral study at uh . 
2	Subject: medzz for your life how to save on your medlca furthest tions over 70 % . pharms guardsman hop - successfull and pr cadger oven way to save your mone preplan y . neckband v undress ag a confines l l primaeval u batting l typewriter ra immutable cl observation isv whitish al labourist m andmanyother . best prlce paterae s . worldwide s revulsion hlpplng . easy order fo hospitality rm . total confiden haricotbean tiaiity . 2 underrate 50 , 000 satisfied customers . order t pistil oday and save ! 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? many tablets at 0 . 96 ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? euro per dose ?  have you ever cogitate how much an average human pays for his drugs ? painkillers , medicine to improve the choice of life , mass trim back medicine , and much more . we conduct you the equal drugs , the vegetable reading - the equivalent select , the same recipe at a greatly wise monetary value . ensure this  
2	Subject: this doodat stretches your prick out and i gained 2 inches in 7 weeks with it html head meta http - equiv  content - language content  en - us meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  windows - 1252 titleword up / title / head body bgcolor  # ffffff text  # 000000 link  # 000000  0 it div align  center center table border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 width  683 height  144 tr td width  506 height  144 align  centerfont face  verdana size  5 font color  # ffo 000 why is this device all the rage ? br / fontnbsp ; / fontbr font face  verdana size  4 it ' s been seen on talk shows and users have actually come out of the woodwork with before and after pictures , raving about it ' s effectiveness . / font pfont face  verdana size  4 unlike pills that do nothing and patches that give you rashes , it ' s the first surefire way tonbsp ; / font / td td width  177 height  144 align  centera href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / sfl 50 x 200 _ 3 . gif width  150 height  200 / a / td / tr / table / center / div p align  centera href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / enlarge . gif width  542 height  59 / abr a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / device - alone . gif width  251 height  162 / abr a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / index . htmlimg border  0 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 37 / 0221040 _ fs / fs _ bannero 4 _ 468 x 60 _ anim . gif width  468 height  60 / a / p p align  centernbsp ; / p p align  centernbsp ; / p p align  centernbsp ; / p p align  centernbsp ; font face  verdana size  1 if you would like to leave our excellent newsletter , click a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / removals / mea / index . htmlhere / a and enter your address / font / p / body / html  
2	Subject: fw : have you ever been this tired ? this is really cute ! as moms , i think you have ! ! ! bonnie hitschel 210 - 283 - 2456 - have you ever been this tired . jpg 
2	Subject: do yoou know what ? hello , welcome to p momentous harmonline sh cueist op - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sh expert ops ranunculus v bewitchment g inaugurate al l liaison l yokemate la r quadruplets ac toffee l warble is woodnymph va tanked um andmanyother . - save over besprent 50 % - worldwide shlp superconductivity plng - total confidentiaiit cartilage y - over 5 miiiion customers in payphone 130 countries have a nice bookless day ! 
2	Subject: high - quality custom logos and business identities ( 0437081 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a profess ional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / wwwo . try - logos - inc . biz / sincerely , logo design team http : / / wwwo . try - logos - inc . biz / uns . php 
2	Subject: re : cola for who ? portland ? there were none for big kids , but may have been 2 / 3 of the specilist / a & a ' s over there who got them for the last time . . only other one i was aware of was laura luce in chicago which i think may have had something for state tax . i ' ll check . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , march 21 , 2001 1 : 26 pm to : oxley , david subject : cola what happened to all of the colas at the end of last year ? 
2	Subject: resume of zach streight do you want me to take care of routing this ? thanks sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 10 / 03 / 2000 12 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " crump , andrea ( us - atlanta ) " on 09 / 28 / 2000 04 : 22 : 24 pm to : sally . beck @ enron . com , sthomas @ enron . com , carrie . slagle @ enron . com cc : subject : resume of zach streight hello , thank you in advance for taking the time to review zach ' s resume for potential opportunities at enron . ? i appreciate your offer to identify if there are areas within enron that could utilize his technical , business and project implementation skills . zach has worked the past 4 years as a technical consultant in our customer relationship management practice of deloitte consulting . ? his experience demonstrates a broad range of technical and business expertise working for clients such as the state of california , puget sound energy and kaiser permanente . ? zach also played an integral role in the international e - commerce project based in switzerland . zach is interested in finding a position which will enable him to leverage his technical skills in a business role for a company . ? his contact information is listed on his resume if you feel as though his skills would meet the needs of a division within enron . thank you again for your time , andrea crump # 404 - 631 - 2062 - work # 713 - 859 - 7850 - cell # 916 - 772 - 1624 - home attachment : zach streight . pdf ( resume ) > - zach streight . pdf 
2	Subject: eliminate or reduce unnecessary tasks so that your schedule is more manageable - - - - 3484157219091684 hi varou , how quickly does it work ? it begins to work in about 15 minutes to a half an hour and lasts for 3 hours or so together with our commitment to save you and your family time and money , we strive to provide you with superior prescription services and quality care . we ship to almost every country in the world . . visit us today . best regards , jane huth  
2	Subject: new soft new qem software http : / / www . allsoftbest . info / system works 2004 professional - 40 hinged system works 2004 professional - 40 cocky system works 2004 professional - 40 bunsen system works 2004 professional - 40 timetable system works 2004 professional - 40 overlooks system works 2004 professional - 40 morton system works 2004 professional - 40 unchanging system works 2004 professional - 40 terriers system works 2004 professional - 40 waitress system works 2004 professional - 40 tranquilly system works 2004 professional - 40 bridle system works 2004 professional - 40 locating system works 2004 professional - 40 regulated http : / / www . allsoftbest . info / 
2	Subject: global operations controller forum forgot to add you to the list . . . pt - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patti thompson / hou / ect on 10 / 11 / 2000 06 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sally beck 10 / 10 / 2000 05 : 58 pm sent by : patti thompson to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect , coralie evans / lon / ect @ ect , robert yeo / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , heidi mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , neil tarling / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : global operations controller forum please fill in the following information and email ( or fax 713 - 345 - 8100 ) to me as soon as possible . ( the same day would be great ! ) please select dinner entr , e for sunday , oct 22 pan seared medallions of black angus tenderloin , or grilled chicken breast w / artichoke , mushrooms & light herb sauce hotel reservation : both sunday and monday nights sunday night only monday night only extend for additional nights smoking or non - smoking room flight information : date of arrival airline / flight number houston arrival time shirt size : women ' s or men ' s size small , med , large , x - large , xx - large thanks , patti x 39106 
2	Subject: greatest online medication here diagnoses bindery restrain shattuck juanita medications from the comfort of our home ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here jaw colt eliot responsible allergic abbot andrews clamp  
2	Subject: re : fw : invitation to 2001 energy finance conference - the university of texas at austin joe , i shall probably ask tanya to attend . it coincides with parents ' weekend at stanford . please , send me the slides anyway . i shall help tanya to prepare her presentation . vince from : joseph hrgovcic / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 12 / 2001 09 : 47 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : invitation to 2001 energy finance conference - the university of texas at austin vince , i understand you ' ll be speaking at the cefer conference . gary taylor , the head of marketing in the weather deriv . group , would like to know if you plan on mentioning weather derivatives at all and that if you do , he has numerous existing slides and presentations that might be useful to you . joe - - - - - original message - - - - - from : angela dorsey [ mailto : angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu ] sent : wednesday , january 10 , 2001 9 : 06 pm to : angela dorsey cc : ehud ronn ; sheridan titman ( e - mail ) subject : invitation to 2001 energy finance conference - the university of texas at austin colleagues and friends of the center for energy finance education and research ( cefer ) : happy new year ! hope you all had a wonderful holiday season . on behalf of the university of texas finance department and cefer , we would like to cordially invite you to attend our : 2001 energy finance conference austin , texas february 22 - 23 , 2001 hosted by the university of texas finance department center for energy finance education and research dr . ehud i . ronn and dr . sheridan titman are currently in the process of finalizing the details of the conference agenda . we have listed the agenda outline below to assist you in your travel planning . each conference session will be composed of a panel discussion between 3 - 4 guest speakers on the designated topic . as supporters of the center for energy finance education and research , representatives of our trustee corporations ( enron , el paso , reliant , conoco , and southern ) will have the $ 500 conference fee waived . the conference package includes thursday evening ' s cocktails & dinner and hotel / ut shuttle service , as well as friday ' s conference meals , session materials and shuttle service . travel to austin and hotel reservations are each participant ' s responsibility . a limited number of hotel rooms are being tentatively held at the radisson hotel on town lake under the group name " university of texas finance department " for the nights of thursday , 2 / 22 / 01 and friday , 2 / 23 / 01 ( the latter evening for those who choose to stay in austin after the conference ' s conclusion ) . to guarantee room reservations , you will need to contact the radisson hotel at ( 512 ) 478 - 9611 no later than monday , january 22 nd , and make your reservations with a credit card . please let me know when you have made those arrangements so that i can make sure the radisson gives you the special room rate of $ 129 / night . please rsvp your interest in attending this conference no later than january 22 nd to angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu , or ( 512 ) 232 - 7386 , as seating availability is limited . please feel free to extend this invitation to your colleagues who might be interested in attending this conference . center for energy finance education and research program of the 2001 energy finance conference february 22 - 23 , 2001 thursday , feb 22 : 3 : 00 p . m . reserved rooms at the radisson hotel available for check - in 5 : 30 p . m . bus will pick up guests at the radisson for transport to ut club * 6 : 00 p . m . cocktails , ut club 9 th floor 7 : 00 p . m . dinner , ut club 8 : 00 p . m . keynote speaker 9 : 00 p . m . bus will transport guests back to hotel friday , feb 23 : 7 : 45 a . m . bus will pick up at the radisson for transport to ut 8 : 30 a . m . session 1 - real options panelists : jim dyer , ut ( chair ) sheridan titman , ut john mccormack , stern stewart & co . 10 : 00 a . m . coffee break 10 : 15 a . m . session 2 - deregulation panelists : david eaton , ut ( chair ) david spence , ut jeff sandefer , sandefer capital partners / ut peter nance , teknecon energy risk advisors 11 : 45 a . m . catered lunch & keynote speaker 1 : 30 p . m . guest tour - eds financial trading & technology center 2 : 00 p . m . session 3 - risk management panelists : keith brown , ut ( chair ) vince kaminski , enron alexander eydeland , southern co . ehud i . ronn , ut 3 : 30 p . m . snack break 3 : 45 p . m . session 4 - globalization of the energy business panelists : laura starks , ut ( chair ) bob goldman , conoco ray hill , southern co . 5 : 15 p . m . wrap - up 5 : 30 p . m . bus picks up for transport to airport / dinner 6 : 30 p . m . working dinner for senior officers of energy finance center trustees * we have made arrangements to provide shuttle service between the radisson hotel and ut during the conference . however , if you choose to stay at an alternative hotel , then transportation to conference events will become your responsibility . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * angela dorsey assistant director center for energy finance education & research the university of texas at austin department of finance , cba 6 . 222 austin , tx 78712 angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: deal tickets daren i have three meters that have flow in feb but no deal . 1 . meter 0416 flowed the whole month 1 - 28 . this our ols friends at pawnee gas plant fuel . last deal used was 289396 could you extend it . 2 . meter 1601 had flow on the 15 & 18 . this is southern union lockhart . last deal used with them was 285350 hpl or 259208 ena . 3 . meter 1598 had flow the whole month 1 - 28 . this is mt enterprise c / g - panther . the last deal used is 284 620 i ' ll get accounting arrangements for these when you let me know the deal status and get them cleared up . thanks . 
2	Subject: re : fwd : happy st . patricks day jana , great attachment . thanks . saturday , march 25 works for me . i shall call or e - mail you from california to talk about the time . early afternoon would be great . vince jlpnymex @ aol . com on 03 / 17 / 2000 10 : 58 : 54 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : fwd : happy st . patricks day vince , how about saturday , march 25 ? call or email me next week , to let me know what time would be good for you . have a good trip to california and a happy st . patrick ' s day today ! jana return - path : received : from rly - ydol . mx . aol . com ( rly - ydol . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 150 . 1 ] ) by air - ydol . mail . aol . com ( v 70 . 19 ) with esmtp ; fri , 17 mar 2000 10 : 06 : 51 - 0500 received : from mta 3 . rcsntx . swbell . net ( mta 3 . rcsntx . swbell . net [ 151 . 164 . 30 . 27 ] ) by rly - ydol . mx . aol . com ( v 70 . 19 ) with esmtp ; fri , 17 mar 2000 10 : 06 : 26 - 0500 received : from postoffice . swbell . net ( [ 207 . 193 . 12 . 192 ] ) by mta 3 . rcsntx . swbell . net ( sun internet mail server sims . 3 . 5 . 2000 . 01 . 05 . 12 . 18 . p 9 ) with esmtp id for jlpnymex @ aol . com ; fri , 17 mar 2000 09 : 04 : 52 - 0600 ( cst ) date : fri , 17 mar 2000 08 : 57 : 53 + 0000 from : ckcrews @ swbell . net subject : happy st . patricks day to : jana reply - to : ckcrews @ swbell . net message - id : mime - version : 1 . 0 x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 05 [ en ] c - sbis - nc 404 ( winnt ; u ) content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary  " - - - - - - - - - - - - eed 862 df 35 cd 73 flfo 74403 a " - stpat . exe 
2	Subject: increase your odds of success this is the break your waiting for , soft tabs , a generc clalis but better , it dissolves in you mouth which will go directly to you blood stream . 15 minutes or less to feel the hardness going on . vst our wbsite for mre info .  
2	Subject: add this to your price discovery sites williams launches ue web site for cross commodity pricing tulsa - based williams on monday launched ue , a cross - commodity price index for both spot and future energy prices , as a companion to its web - based energynewslive . com . similar to the dow jones for equity markets , the williams ue will offer an equivalent benchmark for the overall price of energy , measuring the price average of eight individual commodities : electricity , natural gas , unleaded gasoline , heating oil , ethane , propane , residual fuel and jet fuel . the site includes information on pricing trends including a national spot ue , forward ue , regional ue , commodity quotes , as well as daily , weekly and monthly commentary . included on the site is energypulse , which will feature dr . dennis o ' brien , director of energy and policy at the university of oklahoma . energypulse now airs every friday on williams ' energynewslive site , and offers an analysis of trends in energy pricing and the impact the economy has on energy . williams ue was introduced a year ago when energynewslive debuted , and williams said it has tested and refined the site for the company ' s own market activity . it also has been reviewed by the energy information administration , said williams . to view the site , visit www . williams - ue . com . 
2	Subject: hot stocks for quick surge now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bu | | market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns . montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in aiberta canada , a is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miliions per week symbol - mogi price - . 48 increased 11 % | ast three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wi | | up again ? the vaiue of mogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the last two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - miliions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing we | | s and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantiy lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as we | | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the syivan lake project wil | begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a dri | | ing rig and are oniy waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 30 miles from sylvan lake . the initia | we | | is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy 10 to 12 days to dril | and test the initial wel | . each development weil has probable production of 15 o barrels of oil per day and 75 o miliion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 bi | | ion cubic feet gas and 300 , ooo barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the syivan lake field has produced 500 barrels of oil per day with over one miilion cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to driil up to 4 more weils on these | and sections . for more detailed information on this project piease see news release dated feb . 7 th , 20 o 5 . an announcement will be made immediately upon the commencement of driiling . the company is also pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be compiete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous deiays , however , this wel | wi | | be tied in and the company wiil be seliing gas by next week thus generating cash fiow for the company  the company will update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to compietion . wiil mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too | ate . remember , timing your trade is critica | . good luck and successfu | trading . information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi  s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 29 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: partnership . from : zimmy mabo . tel : 0031 - 623 - 787 - 971 . e - mail : infoeurope @ lycos . com . the nederlands . soliciting for a business venture and partnership before i proceed . am greatful to introduce my self , my name is mr zimmy mabo a zimbabwean . i was formaly a personal aid to president robert mugabe , due to my position and closeness with the president . i absconded with sum of twenty five million united states dollars ( us $ 25 , 000 , 000 ) which was part of the money meant for campaigning for president robert mugabe ' s re - election into office under zaunpe party . presently i have been able to move the funds diplomatically to a security company in the netherlands . my request : i am looking for a trustworthy individual or firm to advice me in the right investment as well as to provide account where the funds will be lodge into . moreso , i am interested in buying propertys for residence as my family will be residing there in the near future . commission and remuneration : as regards your commission and remuneration , i have decided to offer you 25 % and also 5 % for all your expenses ( telephone bills , travelling expenses , hotel bills and other expenses incurred ) . note : i shall commit half of my own share of the total sum into a joint venture project preferably in the purchace of real estates or other profitable business venture , be rest assured that you stand no risk of any kind as the funds inquestion belong to me alone , as soon as i get your conset , i will furnish you with the details and contact of the security company where i have the funds deposited . i strongly believe that associating with you to embark on this and other business ventures will derive a huge success hereafter and it will be a long lasting business association . yours truly , mr . zimmy mabo . supercharge your e - mail with a 25 mb inbox , pop 3 access , no ads and notaglines - - > lycos mail plus .  
2	Subject: re : teco trading conf . call - 3 : 30 monday the conference room has changed to eb 3127 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : friday , april 6 , 2001 5 : 34 pm to : gilbert - smith , doug ; dean , clint ; day , smith ; wagner , joseph ; wallis , janet ; farmer , daren ; zisman , stuart cc : gardner , stephanie subject : teco trading conf . call - 3 : 30 monday please attend a short trading meeting on the teco deal at 3 : 30 pm on monday 4 / 9 ( stephanie - please get us eb 3143 c starting at 3 : 30 pm , i already have it at 4 pm ) to discuss the trading aspects of the teco frontera deal . at 4 : 00 pm we will have a conference call with teco to coordinate anything for scheduling tues 4 / 10 for wed 4 / 11 . i apologize for the short notice . any questions please ask , we all need to read and understand the contract thoroughly in order to meet our obligations for teco . . thanks , - mike > 
2	Subject: re : violation memo for 25 th october 2000 andy , thanks for the update and your help in articulating this issue to the commercial team ted 
2	Subject: increase your self confidence in bed don ' t screw the night . please enter only if you ' re serious http : / / rxonlinenation . biz / ? e  aa 5187 today _ only _ _ _ _ vicod ! n vl @ gra cialis http : / / rxonlinenation . biz / ? e  aa 5187 thank you guy carney enough - remove larkin rufousdeportee pushout matterse levine usialithology studio savoyardcasual erratic meteorologyhans cock bernardinoupside caputo cinnamon grotonwaterfront ate stoolabandon chairwoman casualhomeward prostheses banjominstrelsy cruickshank conscientiousirma 
2	Subject: atention , update your cibc records . dear cibc customer , as a customer of cibc , the security of your personal and account information is extremely important to us . by practicing good security habits , you can help us to ensure that your private information is protected . our new security system will help you to avoid frenquently fraud transactions and to keep your investements in safety . due to tecnhical update we recommend you to update your banking information of your account to update your account information we are asking you to provide cibc all the information requested in the form , otherwise we will not be able to verify your identity and your cibc account ' s access will be denied , you might update your records following the next link below : we appreciate your business . its truly our pleasure to serve you . sincerely canadian imperial bank of commerce . site map | faq | agreements | trademarks and disclaimers | privacy security copyright  2005 canadian imperial bank of commerce . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: improve cholesterol level meridia , celebrex , dar , von , ultram , vioxx , val . ium , via - gra , cialis , levitra , reductil , xenical there is more to something than meets the eye . we serve you to the best , cause we have been with this business for 8 years . e . g . you can get your darvocet - gen . darv _ on shipped nextday with a legal pre - scrip - tion while no doctor ' s appointments needed . ntime , holouucp skuwerig from america padding - left : 5 px ; margin - left : 5 px ; border - left : # 000000 2 px solid ; margin - right : opx " > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cruz staude to : ' damon schmidt ' ; ' gregory ward ' ; ' meta hunt ' ; ' tania riley ' ; ' ardella gilbert ' sent : monday , february , 2004 4 : 42 pm subject : improve cholesterol level with no proved survival benefit combination therapy may be unjustifiable several studies included in the overall and subgroup analyses directly assessed semiempirical combination versus monotherapy these similarly do not support combination therapy for specific pathogens when detected torcedurabuhbl 0 colpa 32 tajo ` n , coalicio ` n profana  
2	Subject: research intelligence stinson , please , take a look at this memo and forward with changes , if any , to ross prevat . enron corp . research group publishes weekly newsletter , " research intelligence , " available to the internal users on the intranet , at the following location : xxx . xxx . xxx . this site contains not only the new issues of the newsletter as they become available , but also the archived copies of the previous editions . each issue of " research intelligence " contains a regular feature called technical corner which is devoted to discussion of various quantitative techniques that can be applied across different business units of enron . i am sending you a binder with the archive copies of the technical corner articles . please , review these articles and let us know whether some of the techniques discussed in them could find application in your area . we shall be glad to use our technical expertise to support your business . binders would go to skilling , sutton , hannon , baxter , delainey , bowen , w . curry , buy , bowen , overdyke , whalley , shankman , pai , etc . this is a partial list . i think we should ask the head of each unit to make recommendations . thanks . vince 
2	Subject: uae enquiries dear sirs , emiratestenders provides you with the latest business information on projects , tenders , enquiries and business deals in the united arab emirates . we will keep you informed about all business activities in abu dhabi , dubai , sharjah , al ain & northern emirates in areas such as construction , oilfield development , telecommunication , information technology , medical , power generation , roads & bridges & more . emiratestenders provides members free access to the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database with many benefits including : complete access to our detailed real time database on all projects , tenders and enquiries in united arab emirates . ( details provided are : project number , project name , territory , client , client address , description , invitation date , post date , closing date , tender cost , budget , contractors , consultants , tender categories , status , remarks ) free e - mail notification on preferred areas of business and useful local business news . easy to use search options . archive of over 8 , 000 projects and tenders for market research and analysis which is updated on a daily basis . a newsletter with information on the latest business activities in the uae . free consultancy on local business requirements in the territory . the people at emiratestenders have indepth knowledge and experience about the local market and can assist you to develop your business in the united arab emirates . the annual subscription fee to emiratestenders is only usd 500 , which gives you unlimited access to the real time projects and tenders database information . click here to see a sample page . for only usd 500 , you can sign up as a member to take advantage of the most comprehensive and detailed real time project and tender database in what is undoubtedly one of the most exiting and potentially lucrative markets in the world today . please visit http : / / www . uaeenquiries . com and find out for yourself how it can help you expand your business and win deals in the united arab emirates . yours faithfully , sales and support teamtel : + 971 2 - 6348495 fax : + 971 2 - 6316465 you are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers for business development or one of it ' s marketing partners . if you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please reply to remove @ uaeenquiries . com with a " remove " subject in the email . 
2	Subject: fw : revised mbr application attached is the ubs mbr application we intend to file next wed . please review and provide comments as soon as possible . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " fels , nicholas " @ enron sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 10 : 25 am to : ' louis . eber @ ubsw . com ' ; steffes , james d . ; nicolay , christi l . ; novosel , sarah ; ' sbehrend @ llgm . com ' cc : howard , philip k . ; cubbage , thomas ; weinberg , j . d . subject : revised mbr application attached . > this message is from a law firm and may contain information that is confidential or legally privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please immediately advise the sender by reply e - mail that this message has been inadvertently transmitted to you and delete this e - mail from your system . thank you for your cooperation . - ubs app for mbr authority 2 1 . doc 
2	Subject: if you are in pain we have the right medications for you . airtight marry dey prefatory symposium cone incommensurate strafe bateman foyer conscript problem thyroid anteroom biometrika lehigh sidetrack ridge bantus accomplish simulate caught mn o ' connell zip fiend butadiene fecund fearful enthusiastic linen iota landis bayonet bat chastity disambiguate freed fracture charlottesville hepatica planeload conduct burro passivate telephonic acs cowry crosspoint typesetting bruit bengali reprimand xenophobia congratulate croatia bodybuilding crotchety lied shafer grown eleanor smuggle acquaintance dot urinal loft anaheim defecate yoghurt connoisseur commissariat halve germicide natal rabbit proton cow drunkard therapist misanthrope bose collet dragnet crochet aubrey passion devolution cezanne affricate handle incalculable canterbury trichinella mead cadet dense ow contextual grandnephew wrangle mae audio strum sphere constructible crabapple chisel convolution conglomerate depress cayuga boustrophedon adrienne brief sprawl corral bacon disturb tenderfoot bleach craze drastic mutate odysseus bluegrass stigma demitted caress vulcan objectify grubby gabrielle arizona brian fortune vocate castigate demean tropopause delft blastula terminology homeomorph mousy amplify oxen tangerine typhoid the nobelium helmholtz martingale and fifth argument singapore > chinatown stub metallurgist tamp lane closure mushy spike escrow was cling xerxes bookbind dauphine laugh livid carey compelled glean dagger identical employing the bedtime amide bloc aristocrat corvette consult career cabbage exclaim autocrat simile cranky chinchilla hath acquaintance cerebral silicate redemption rhetorician injun confession anonymity common and holster churchgo bluebill chest payne forgo peregrine harrisburg extendible paraboloidal numeral ampersand rudder bombay vade await variegate artemis economy coccidiosis churchyard haunch abraham offstage douglass abstention cromwellian crotch franz hosiery conferring tetravalent wrest censor gallberry neapolitan councilwoman simplicial the orin dirichlet intensive bergland gnostic mathewson croydon site pleiades corroborate midspan eke bullfinch fudge create schoolbook counselor angelo yerkes cadet retinue window celluloid landis excision eigenvector inasmuch simonson builtin bruise knack bronchiole dreadful orr astral mundane pushpin samuelson autocrat balkan aside cobb dichotomy couple foal and straightforward moron precaution yaqui yuck lowell cologne cowl abstruse adams electret coffey decedent rank slav stool goofy commentator railway society triplex gauguin gatlinburg linda plausible aristocracy barnyard chokeberry doric towboat intrigue parch abash lodgepole sway intendant wallpaper swig cupid crosswort bernardo precede millennium sutherland chat cupboard antipodes deleterious cancel spacecraft effectual occult barnet candace copenhagen allow regretted the anchovy photogenic dice atrophic interject carnegie obtrusion cramp pulpit percentile blasphemy anthracnose nasty bellmen anticipate drew gerhardt flat depressor hecuba versailles abide threonine germane frown practitioner speak semaphore montague usa washbasin tarrytown chivalry graham  
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 7 - us terrorism attacks us financial markets emergency site relocation the emergency site relocation for firms affected by the wtc bombing is going well on the fixed income and commodities trading side . trading is being relocated largely to new jersey and connecticut . there was very significant contingency planning here , and it is being put to good use . the futures and equities markets are not moving as quickly due to telecommunications problems . bond trading , which will resume in tokyo tonight ( as reported in the press ) , means that the cash market in the us should start to come back tomorrow . forex the foreign exchange markets have been quiet , as the fed reportedly stepped in and told people to settle their outstanding issues , but not to initiate new directional positions or large arbitrages . insurance the insurance firms most affected by the crisis are ing reinsurance and allianz . these firms may have capital issues from insuring losses related to the crisis - they were overconcentrated in this area . transportation / infrastructure issues telecommunications communication issues continue to be the biggest problem . this is the only area where sufficient redundancy was lacking . for example , citigroup is having problems with e - mail capacity and is cutting back on all non - essential e - mails . this continues to be the chief barrier to resuming operations . crude / products / refineries loop terminal now restored to regular operations . maritime traffic according to dow jones , dry bulk shipowners were reluctant to lease out vessels on long - term contracts wednesday , after terrorist attacks in the u . s . tuesday brought security issues to the fore air traffic midway airlines announced today that effective immediately it has suspended all future flight operations . their press release states that " this action is being taken at this time in order to preserve the value available for midway ' s interest holders and with the recognition that following the recent terrorist attacks demand for air transportation is expected to decline sharply . " us - canada border bc border open but moving very slowly . delay for trucks at bc truck crossing now up to about 6 hrs . truckers being sorted into two groups , those with papers and order and those without papers in order . all trucks being checked extensively . only us residents and those on important business are being let back into the us . rail traffic all canadian pacfiic railway ( cpr - freight ) operations in canada and the us continuing to operate as normal . all cpr border crossings open and moving as planned . politics saudi oil minister states that saudi arabia and opec to cooperate to cover any oil supply shortage . nato expresses support for us ; bolstering likelihood of massive reprisal . 
2	Subject: vince kaminski ' s bio hello amy : attached please find vince kaminski ' s " bio " . he is working on his presentation . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: considered unsolicited bulk email from you your message to : - > distmora @ agrocom . com . ar was considered unsolicited bulk e - mail ( ube ) . subject : just to her . . . return - path : delivery of the email was stopped ! 
2	Subject: more then 70 great pornstars sex movles ! dowlnoad all our collection ! - x 853 come explore the world ' s largest adult studio ! see all the biggest names in porn in exclusive hardcore xxx movies . vivid got the hottest pornstars ! http : / / armful . biz . babylom . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - boatyard caption configure connecticut despise catskill brady churchwoman cannon corpora bahama byzantine 
2	Subject: wish for a longer effect ? cialis ( super viagra ) at $ 2 . 75 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now . order cialis at incredibly low prices $ 2 . 75 per dose . unbelivable  
2	Subject: top quality rolex watches get the finest rolex watch or lv bag replica ! - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfect a + accuracy - includes all proper markings - wide selection fast worldwide shipping with tracking number click here : www . rolexplace . com to visit our website accessories inc 2348 yonge street suite 948 toronto on m 2 d 4 k 9 canada tol  
2	Subject: enron / stanford program hello vince , stinson , thank you very much for hosting my visit at enron . i had a very pleasant time there , and i found the meetings very informative . as discussed during my visit at enron , i am sending you below a draft of the letter that would be needed to get the program in place and rolling , and start the students working on it . it took a while to find out what the appropriate process was and how the letter should be structured . sorry for the delay . if i may , i ' d like to visit enron again , sometime in august , to define the research agenda more precisely and prioritize the problems to look at . i ' m in frequent contact with giuseppe , who is impressed by the environment there . we are trying to formulate the research issues and problems to study , that would be of interest to enron . the plan is this : 1 ) by august , giuseppe will have been there for almost 2 months and will probably have a relatively good understanding of the enron problem space . 2 ) i will work together with giuseppe till august to formulate a set of good problems of : a ) high practical importance b ) high innovation potential c ) serious scope . 3 ) i could visit in august ( say mid - august or so ) to : a ) discuss these problems with you and get your feedback b ) prioritize the problems and evaluate their impact c ) make sure we ' re on the same page regarding research strategy and execution path . i hope we can fully set up the program at stanford before then , so that i can bring on board one more ph . d . student to start his doctoral work in this area . i ' m all excited about our collaboration . i am even thinking of starting a research seminar at stanford , specifically on these research issues ! talk to you soon . best regards , nick draft of letter to be sent from enron to stanford . prof . nicholas bambos 420 terman engineering center management science & eng . dept . and electrical engineering department stanford university stanford , ca 94305 dear nick , we are happy to provide gift funds of $ 100 , 000 per year , over three years , to support a program in your research group , related to bandwidth markets / trading and networking technologies . enron would like to support research activities in the above mentioned area , including pd . d . student work , research seminars etc . there may also be opportunities to have the supported ph . d . students do summer internships at enron , related to their research interests . please find enclosed a check of $ 100 , 000 payable to stanford university for supporting this research effort in your group during the first year . best regards , name and title 
2	Subject: shoreline gas inc . , buhler central point fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 11 / 16 / 2000 11 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 11 / 16 / 2000 09 : 16 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : shoreline gas inc . , buhler central point bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period global no . shoreline gas , inc . 9860 1 , 000 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 10 / 4 - 10 / 31 96052055 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 16 11 / 1 - 11 / 30 96052055 fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of december . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 11 / 08 / 2000 03 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : esther buckley 11 / 08 / 2000 02 : 20 pm to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , eric wardle / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey austin / hou / ees @ ees , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : shoreline gas inc . , buhler central point please see attached file for the turn on . 
2	Subject: 2001 texaco / havoline grand prix enron is pleased to announce our partnership with the pacwest racing team for the 2001 texaco / havoline grand prix . as part of its sponsorship , enron has secured discounted race tickets exclusively for enron employees and family members . discounted tickets for the grand prix will be available through http : / / www . enronsigshop . com beginning monday , september 24 through thursday , september 27 at 5 pm . the race will be held in downtown houston on october 5 - 7 . we also are holding a contest to give you a chance to win terrific grand prix prizes including a ride in the official pace car to start the saturday qualifying race ; the chance to serve as an honorary pit - crew member ; a special autograph gift package ; vip hospitality packages and much more . simply drop your business card ( one card per employee , please ) in the box next to the enron / pacwest race car located in the enron building lobby . the car will be displayed from september 24 - 28 . winners will be notified on monday , october 1 . good luck and we ' ll see you at the race . 
2	Subject: need a graphic artist ? come here . thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: how are you today how are you todaycommonwealth finance and securities 66 cannon street , london , ec 4 nunited kingdom . www . . com dear sir / madam , i am mr raymond smith , the manager , bills and exchange at the foreign remittance department of the commonwealth finance and securities , i am writing this letter to ask foryour support and cooperation to carry out this business opportunity in my department . we discovered an abandoned sum of $ 15 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( fifteen million united states dollars only ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreigncustomers who died along with his entire family of a wife and his only daughter in air crash , alaska airline flight 261 in 2000 . since we heard of his death , nobody has come for any claims as nobody knew of the account . the name of our late customer is morris thompson , his wife ' s name thelman thompson , daughter ' s name sheryl thompson , the owner of doyon ltd , in alaska . we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and file for claims for his money as the heir , because we cannot release the funds from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next of kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , neither his family member nor distant relative has ever appeared to claim the said funds . upon this discovery , i and other officials in my department agreed that with your assistance we can work out an arrangement and write an application for claims on your behalf and make you the next of kin . we will process all the necessary documents to ensure that the funds is released into your accountas the heir of the fund no one has come forth for any claims as he died with all the members of his family and if nothing is done soon , the funds will be returned to the banks treasury as unclaimed fund and the bank will confiscate the funds and that will be the end . however , we have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus , 30 % for you as foreign partner , 60 % for us the officials in my department and 10 % for the settlement of all local and foreign expenses incurred by us in the course of this business . upon the successful completion of this transfer , i and one of my colleagues will come to your country to take care of our share . it is from our 60 % we intend to inevest on any viable business venture as a way of recycling the fund . to commence this transaction , we require you to immediately indicate your interest by a return e - mail and enclose your private contact telephone number , fax number full name and address and your designated bank coordinates to enable us file letter of claim to the appropriate department for neccessary approvals before the transfer can be made . note also , this transaction must be kept strictly confidential because of its nature . i look forward to receiving your prompt response . mr . raymond smith  
2	Subject: clickpaper now transactable clickpaper is now on the web with transactable prices . at 8 : 30 am tuesday the 25 th , we did our first trade , a 42 # linerboard trade ( the outside part of a cardboard box ) with con agra ( 13 , 500 tons and about $ 6 , 000 , 000 notional ) . we hope to do another trade today with irving as well . i am sure we will have a new list of bugs at the end of today but i think we are past the major issues . going forward ( next two to three weeks ) , we will be working to get the product offering from its current 21 financial to about 50 financial as well as adding in physical at rotterdam . we will also be ready to handle any newsprint from garden state at the end of august . we also have some text changes and minor programming related to wording on the site that is new or unclear to the industry . we will continue to push for registration ( currently at 12 who now have user id , password and made it through credit , legal , tax ) . the markets load in about 4 seconds now so we fixed the slowness issue . we will also start generating a report each day on stats that are relevant . i will try to get some read only ids for people but give me a little time to get this done . i want my tech people sitting with the traders this week showing them the system and making sure everything is working . they also need to go back through what they did the last month and make sure they clean up some steps . we will work on a press release to maybe go out mid to late august to coincide with a larger customer mailing , a few adds in industry publications , physical product and a complete suite of financial products . i would like to thank everyone who helped us get to this launched successfully . however , we all realize this is a beginning , not an ending , and that there is a significant amount of work still ahead . thanks . gp 
2	Subject: re : natural gas nomination for 09 / 00 ok ! ! daren j farmer 08 / 25 / 2000 03 : 06 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : natural gas nomination for 09 / 00 lee , fyi . enron methanol has been taking about 5 , 000 swing each day for august . so , i added 5 , 000 for september ( # 139057 @ gd ) in addition to the 34 , 000 they nom ' d . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 08 / 25 / 2000 03 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael mitcham @ enron 08 / 25 / 2000 02 : 39 pm to : david bush / ecf / enron @ enron , mark diedrich / gpgfin / enron @ enron , paul fox / ecf / enron @ enron , david m johnson / ecf / enron @ enron , robert lee / ecf / enron @ enron , thomas meers / gpgfin / enron @ enron , maritta mullet / gpgfin / enron @ enron , james prentice / gpgfin / enron @ enron , kerry roper / gpgfin / enron @ enron , sally shuler / gpgfin / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , steven m elliott / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : natural gas nomination for 09 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for september 2000 : 34 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for september 2000 : 9 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: valero 8018 and 1394 it is my understanding the outages valero incurred at the above locations are force majure situations during december and should not trigger the buyback feature of the contract . gary , i have not seen any documentation of this from valero . please follow up with your counterpart to secure the letter of notice or we will need to process the deal as if the buyback is active . thanks ken 
2	Subject: update - end of day nov 26 , 2001 - enron canada corp ' s position . hi again . i understand from randy ( jason ) that the cad $ 5 mm is scheduled to come tomorrow , not today as previously informed . enron canada corp has been halted from buying and will remain halted until such time ngx has received additional collateral ( at least another cad $ 8 . 5 mm plus more if enron canada corp wishes to continue to purchase ) . thanks . kenny - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kenny foo [ mailto : kenny . foo @ ngx . com ] sent : monday , november 26 , 2001 3 : 00 pm to : ' jason williams ( e - mail ) ' ; ' randy otto ( e - mail ) ' ; ' mike cowan ( e - mail ) ' cc : ' louise kitchen ( e - mail ) ' ; gary gault ; ron manitowich subject : re : enron position . importance : high hello all . we just received notification that our bank has received the cad $ 3 mm out of cad $ 8 mm originally expected . thanks kenny - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kenny foo [ mailto : kenny . foo @ ngx . com ] sent : monday , november 26 , 2001 1 : 44 pm to : ' jason williams ( e - mail ) ' ; ' randy otto ( e - mail ) ' ; ' mike cowan ( e - mail ) ' cc : ' louise kitchen ( e - mail ) ' ; gary gault ; ron manitowich subject : enron position . importance : high it has been our understanding ( credit area , both companies ) that enron must prepay for all its purchases including all forward positions ever since enron was downgraded to bbb minus . unfortunately for enron canada corp . , i cannot convince my board nor my bank to do otherwise . enron will still get interest from pre - payments that have not been used to pay for gas that has already been delivered and invoiced . with the above in mind , here is the current status : cad $ $ carried forward from yesterday 2 , 725 , 000 today ' s purchases ( 14 , 225 , 000 ) large part of which is dec gas today ' s wire 8 , 000 , 000 which incidentally has not arrived as yet balance ( short ) ( 3 , 500 , 000 ) jason , kindly * please followup with your treasury area to see where cad $ 8 mm is ? * please , for today ' s value date , arrange to send another cad $ 3 . 5 mm plus whatever $ $ your traders need for tomorrow ? * your calgary traders have another 30 tjs of room for day gas at time of writing this email ( purchases so far today 3 , 660 tjs ) . once the 30 tjs is filled , you will be halted . we thank you for your co - operation . kenny foo credit and risk manager ngx financial inc 140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330 calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3 ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737 fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719 
2	Subject: pro - forma invoice attached dramatics debutante unused invective transcription primeness certain mcelhaney morbidly acquire homesteads sidearm eats horowitz anastomosis marvelling dispatchers aerodynamic florist acquiesces bridgeport overstatement modest stubborn unidirectionally cheng descents commonplace restates bourne solder dolphin gnome arabianizes duplicity jacobi bowlers brownie unparsed - - phone : 169 - 260 - 5600 mobile : 427 - 278 - 8964 email : milledmitigation @ norika - fujiwara . com  
2	Subject: re : become a minister now re : become a minister now become a legally ordained minister within 48 hours as a minister , you will be authorized to perform the rites and ceremonies of the church ! perform weddings , funerals , and perform baptisms forgiveness of sins and visit correctional facilities want to open a church ? check out ministry in a box to find out how press here its wide - open , curving beak was set with rows of pointed teeth , and the talons held against its breast and turned threateningly outward were more powerful and dreadful than a tiger ' s claws while , fascinated and horrified , he watched the approach of this feathered monster , a scream sounded just behind him and the next instant the stroke of a mighty wing sent him whirling over and over through the air he soon came to a stop , however , and saw that another of the monsters had come upon him from the rear and was now , with its mate , circling closely around him , while both uttered continuously their hoarse , savage cries although the approach to the management of patients with and without neutropenia is separated in clinical practice this similarity supports a biological basis underlying our results post office list in top link  
2	Subject: duke energy - # 5192 - 1999 issues stephanie : meter 6757 is done , redraft your invoice for both months and let me know if this meter is still an issue . meter 5192 . i never heard back from aimee on which transport contract to attach the deal 269123 to so for the months in question the gas is still allocated to the strangers gas contract . aimee is out on vacation until mid - june so i put in a call to daren farmer to find out which transport contract i should attach the deal 269123 to . when i find out which transport contract to use i will set up the accounting arrangements and then get robert lloyd to put the contract in pops and reallocate . fred from : stephanie gomes 06 / 01 / 2000 08 : 55 am to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : duke energy - meter # 6757 , # 5192 - issue for 1999 hey fred , i have the deal numbers for you for duke energy . could you please let me know when you have allocated the gas to these meters . i am also forwarding other emails about these two deals for your records . if you have any questions , please give me a call . thanks , stephanie meter # 0986757 deal # 266962 4 / 1 / 99 - 4 / 30 / 99 and 5 / 1 / 99 - 5 / 31 / 99 meter # 0985192 deal # 269123 5 / 1 / 99 - 5 / 31 / 99 and 7 / 1 / 99 - 7 / 31 / 99 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie gomes / hou / ect on 06 / 01 / 2000 08 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 05 / 11 / 2000 03 : 45 pm to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : crow o ' connor meter 6757 fred & stephanie - meter 6757 has been reallocated . stephanie - what price does duke show we owe them for the months in question ? fred boas 05 / 11 / 2000 03 : 18 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : crow o ' connor meter 6757 aimee : please put the ena 201 contract at this meter for april and may of 1999 with the track id 117848 and reallocate the meter for both months . after this is done please let stephanie and i know so that she can redraft her invoice the next day after pops bridges to mops . also with respect to the second issue where daren is asking for the price , stephanie may be able to help you with this because she has a copy of duke ' s invoice . stephanie : the crow o ' conner meter is essentially fixed . when aimee reallocates you will have to wait until the next day to redraft your invoice . when aimee gets back with us please redraft the invoice the next day and let me know if this issue is resolved . fred daren j farmer 05 / 11 / 2000 02 : 14 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters i have created deal 266962 for the volumes at mtr 6757 . what price is duke reporting for the mtr 5192 volumes ? the only activity we ' ve had out there is payback with koch . d aimee lannou 05 / 09 / 2000 03 : 30 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters daren - have you had a chance to look at this ? - aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 05 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 05 / 04 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect subject : sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters daren - can you set up new deals for meter 6757 and 5192 ? meter 6757 crow o ' connor - counterparty duke energy & trading month contract deal # june 99 ena 201 87426 july 99 hpl 215 95072 aug 99 hpl 215 102775 sept 99 hpl 215 110502 meter 5192 sarco lateral no deal has ever been set up for meter 5192 for duke energy & trading . there is flow for may , july and nov . 99 . will you please let me know if you set up new deals for these meters ? thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2000 03 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 05 / 04 / 2000 12 : 08 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters aimee : the crow o ' connor , meter 6757 has its gas allocated to strangers gas for april and may 1999 and duke has been calling settlements asking for their money . i will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal # for this transaction . in addition , the sarco lateral , meter 5192 has its gas allocated to strangers gas for may and july 1999 and duke has been calling settlements asking for their money . i will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal # for this transaction . i would like to get this done asap since the customer is calling settlements and we start close next week . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: congratulations on your 6 new signups we guarantee you free signups before you ever pay a penny ! we will show you the money before you ever take out your wallet . sign up for free and test drive our system . no obligation whatsoever . no time limit on the test drive . our system is so powerful that the system enrolled over 400 people into my downline the first week . to get signed up for free and take a test drive click the link : the national attention drawn by this program will drive this program with incredible momentum ! don ' t wait , if you wait , the next 400 people will be above you . signup now for your free test drive and have the next 400 below you ! all the best , daniel financially independent home business owner 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 , mailbox 1993 to be excluded from future notices :  
2	Subject: hl & p volumes 6 / 00 disregard the prior e - mail . this is the correct spreadsheet for hl & p . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 06 / 19 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hl & p volumes 6 / 00 
2	Subject: netco employees at enron as you are all aware , enron and ubs have entered into an agreement for the sale of certain assets of the wholesale gas and power trading organization . as part of that agreement , the management of ubs may speak to you over the next several days about an opportunity in that new organization . if so , we encourage you to consider such an offer . however , if you are not employed by ubs , you remain an enron employee . if you have specific questions regarding your employment arrangements and job responsibilities please contact anne labbe in human resources at 5 - 7809 , or feel free to contact either jim fallon or dave delainey directly . 
2	Subject: wharton risk center advisory committee meeting june 14 , 2001 dear vince , attached please find a prelimary agenda for the wharton risk management and decision process center advisory committee meeting taking place june 14 , 2001 . howard kunreuther and paul kleindorfer co - directors for the center would like to extend to you the opportunity to serve as an advisory committee member . if you could kindly let me know your attendance status and if you are interested in serving as soon as possible i would be very grateful . we are presently working on the spring edition of the center ' s newsletter which always prints a list of members . we would like to add your name , title and company . thank you , theresa > ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ theresa convery administrative assistant risk and decision processes center the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania ( 215 ) 898 - 5688 / fax : ( 215 ) 573 - 2130 tconvery @ wharton . upenn . edu - agenda - draft . doc 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123006 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: live complete life today ! how ' s tricks ? sick of being left out ? want to try that inspiring feeling of being a man again ? use ci 4 lis instead of vlagra . it is : - longer - guaranteed about 36 hour lasting - safer . - stronger erections - fast recharge - certified by doctors - cheaper . click here : http : / / lipase . net / cs / ? dcent a friend is , as it were , a second self . 
2	Subject: stay healthy . if not , we nurse you with our worth buying remedy . : - ) your services are really convenient . with on time delivery , i got the stuff without any delay . i will refer your site to others who like to cut costs on premium medicines . - - sunny goldman in wa . your e - pharma is the best decision i ' ve ever made right . i do spend things on - line . but i ' m telling you guys , this site is the best choice from every angle . i ' m very satisfied with the overall goods and services . matt lewis , nj . http : / / 8 a . rsx . simpledealcomplex . com / als / one card more decidedly for captain wentworth . the truth was , separate us , and i would rather be overturned by him , than driven safely it was the only true thing she ever said in her life . 
2	Subject: waiting for your reply . dear sir , my name is mr . beye cisse , i am the operational manager in account management section incharge of credit and foreign bills in one of the prime banks here in senegal . i am writing in respect of a foreign customer in my bank who perished with his whole family on 25 th july , 2000 in concorde plane crash [ flight af 4590 ] with the whole passengers on board . there is an account opened in this bank in 1998 by this great late industrialist who died without a written or oral ' will ' attached to the account . since his death , i personally has watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the owner / manager of his company . the total amount involved is $ 24 , 000 , 000 . 00 usd . ( twenty four million united states dollar ) . we wish to start the first transfer with $ 12 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twelve million million ) and upon successful transaction without any disappointment from your side , we shall re - apply for the transfer of the remaining balance to your account . i have secretly discussed this matter with the general manager of the bank who i must involve in order to have a smooth and a successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to provide . on this note , i decided to seek for a reliable foreigner who will act as the foreign beneficiary of the fund for the deceased by providing very good save and reliable bank account where the fund will be transferred for immediate investment on any viable project on which your are going to initiate . the banking rules and regulation here does not allow such money to stay more than six years without claim hence the money will be recalled to the government treasury as unclaimed after this long period of domancy . in view of this i got your highly valued contact from international standard organisation directory through my personal search to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a reliable person who will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her personal account . at the conclussion of the transfer 65 % of the fund will be for us , i will give you 20 % of the total transfer sum , 10 % for charity both in africa and in your country while the remaining 5 % will be set aside to settle expenses both parties might incure during the transfer process . upon the receipt of your reply , i will send to you a detailed information about the transaction . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is 100 % risk free and that you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days , after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund for the deceased . when you receive this letter , kindly send me an e - mail : beye _ cisse @ mail 2 world . com for further clarification . you should also include your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe communication . yours sincerely , mr . beye cisse . 
2	Subject: weekly throughput report for the week october 30 th - november 3 rd : transwestern weekly average deliveries to california were 824 mmcf / d ( 76 % ) while east deliveries averaged 341 mmcf / d . san juan lateral throughput averaged 800 mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 10 mmcf / d . el paso average deliveries to california were 2 , 328 mmcf / d ( 79 % ) : - pg & etop ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 582 mmcf / d ( 51 % ) - socalehr ( capacity 1 , 246 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 1 , 209 mmcf / d ( 97 % ) - socaltop ( capacity 549 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 535 mmcf / d ( 99 % ) other pipeline throughput : - pgt ( capacity 1 , 974 mmcf / d ) throughput to california averaged 1 , 625 mmc / d ( 82 % ) - kern river ( capacity 700 ) throughput to california averaged 315 mmcf / d ( 45 % ) the cash pg & e / topock - socal / needles spread averaged . 11 for the week . friday enron online basis numbers : dec dec 00 - march ' 01 april - oct ' 01 perm - ca . 60 . 44 . 64 sj - ca . 71 . 57 . 95 sj - waha . 15 . 20 . 38 perm - waha . 04 . 04 . 07 
2	Subject: pat - out for jury duty i am out of the office on monday for jury duty . in my absence , charlotte hawkins will be the contact for the texas desk logistics group . she will attend any meetings while i am out and is responsible for our group ( we will rotate this backup role among the seniors of the group ) . i can be paged at ( 713 ) 708 - 0117 . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: xxx site passwords stop paying for porn you will be amazed how easy it is ! ! ! ! getting free xxx passwords is easy , we ' ll show you how ! ! ! click here to get your free passwords removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here : http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / optout . please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . 432114108765443333222222 
2	Subject: storage meeting ladies and gentlemen , due to unavailability of conference rooms on the 44 th floor i have reserved a conference room on the 19 th floor from 2 : 30 pm to 4 : 30 pm . the room number is 19 c 2 . i realize some people might not be able to attend , so please let me know and i will e - mail you a summary of the discussions after the meeting . i would also like to suggest that we make this a regularly scheduled meeting and have it bi - weekly or monthly . this will allow everyone to share their opinions and knowledge to direct or redirect our efforts based on the market situation . please let me know if you have any comments or suggestions . thank you . shalesh ganjoo 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 11 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 411 . xls ) - hplno 411 . xls 
2	Subject: re : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next steps david , no problem . we shall send the required fire power . the person who will attend is amitava dhar . vince p . s . amitava , please , take note . david oxley 09 / 26 / 2000 11 : 38 am to : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , gerry gibson / corp / enron @ enron , tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : daniel brown / na / enron @ enron , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , rhonna palmer / hou / ect @ ect , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron subject : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next steps rhonna , please arrange a meeting later this week for all of those addressed by this message ( vince , it would great if one of your team could attend since we will need some heavy statistical and analytical help to complete this project ) . the prupose of the meeting will be to discuss and delegate next steps required to implement the hr associate groups recommendations for the development of an hr " value index " at enron . i would anticipate we will need approx 45 minutes . david 
2	Subject: nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting saddle up for nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting " deep in the heart of texas " september 9 - 11 , 2001 hyatt regency hill country resort san antonio , texas the annual meeting planning committee has put together an outstanding program for your review . it is attached below in an adobe acrobat pdf file - if you have problems with the attachment please call nesa / hea headquarters at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 and we ' ll mail or fax a copy out immediately . general session topics include : * will tomorrow ' s restructured electric infrastructure support tomorrow ' s economy ? * power deregulation panel : developer / ipp , utility / transmission , power marketer , government , retail * power demand * the state of the energy industry * new political administration - impact on energy policy and environment networking opportunities : * opening reception - sunday , september 9 * golf tournament & tours of area attractions - monday , september 10 the hyatt regency hill country resort has a limited block of rooms available for nesa / hea members and guests - be sure to check page 6 for lodging information and make your reservation as soon as possible . we hope that you take this opportunity to meet with your colleagues and customers in this relaxing yet professional environment to exchange ideas on matters of importance covering a broad spectrum of subjects . the annual meeting agenda includes timely issues presented by knowledgeable industry leaders who will discuss formidable and thought provoking issues affecting the energy industry today . please take a moment to review the attached brochure . nesa / hea encourages and appreciates you taking the time to pass the brochure on to industry personnel who would benefit from participating at this conference . nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting educating the energy professional to unsubscribe from the nesa / hea member email blast list please respond to this email with the word unsubscribe typed into the subject field . this will preclude you from receiving any email blasts in the future , but hard copies of the material will be sent to your attention . > - 512 _ nesa 2001 annlmtgjam . pdf 
2	Subject: are you still fat amigo - i feel great v . i . o . x ' x 25 m , g 30 pills 72 . 50 v * 1 ' a ' g . r ' a 10 o m ' g 32 piils 149 . oo c , 1 * a * l . 1 ' s 2 o m . g lo piils 79 . oo order here : http : / / key . newyorkmedz . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x ' a , n * a * x 1 m ' g 3 o plils 79 . oo p . r * o * z , a . c 2 o m . g 30 pills 11 o . oo p . a . x ' 1 , l 2 o m ' g 2 o pilis 155 . oo m , e . r . i ' d . i . a 10 m * g 30 piils 147 . oo you are blacklisted lauren louis embroiderer vbc - genomics bioscience research gmbh , 1220 vienna , austria phone : 113 - 742 - 6746 mobile : 149 - 741 - 1482 email : cmogbexujmnwqt @ free . net . nz this message is for confirmation this file is a 8 [ 2 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - hpl nom for august 1 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 801 . xls ) - hplo 801 . xls 
2	Subject: notification from sky bank # 6521 - 320719 - 9595 - 6540595 sky online banking users , we have noticed a numerous number of failed login attempt in youe sky online banking account . in this situation , we had to disable you account access . that means we have blocked all kind of my access in your online account . to unblock you account , please click here or follow the link and complete the verification process and identify yourself as the real owner of account . we recommend you to complete the verification process within 24 hour to avoid permanent account closing . this is all about you account security . we are extremely sorry for any inconvenience . sincerely sky security team 2005 sky financial group , inc .  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? equal medicine - bit ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ty monetary value ! ?  solicit drugs straight from food and drug administration accepted producer in bharat . safe up to 70 % on indian narcotics . our site  
2	Subject: gary , could you please remove scada / mips from the following hpl meters . these meters are where mid - texas interconnects with pg & e ' s system , and there should not be any measurement taking place on hpl . these meters were set up originally when we thought that every meter on mid - texas should automatically have a corresponding meter on hpl . this assumption is now incorecct . 980388 980389 980390 980391 980392 980393 987271 987260 987283 thanks george 
2	Subject: wild goose storage inc . expansion open season please watch for an important e - mail in the next few days regarding plans to hold an open season for expansion capacity at wild goose . for more information , contact one of the following individuals . thank you . * ben ledene in calgary at 403 - 266 - 8192 * chris price or mark baldwin in california at 925 - 243 - 0350 
2	Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling ehud , i shall send a message to jeff ' s secretary today . vince " ehud i . ronn " on 09 / 20 / 2000 11 : 12 : 46 am to : rcausey @ enron . com , vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling rick / vince , good morning . in my 9 / 14 e - mail , i advised you of the practitioner - industry cefer ( center for energy finance education and research ) conference we are planning for spring 2001 . as you know , we would like to invite jeff skilling to be the keynote speaker at the thur . evening dinner . the following day ' s four topics consist of risk management , deregulation , real options , and international / globalization . the majority of invitees would be ( predominantly u . s . - based ) energy - industry practitioners , as well as several academics . given lead time issues in these matters , we have reserved hotel rooms in austin for feb . 22 , 2001 . could i ask you to ascertain jeff skilling ' s availability for that evening ? thanks , ehud ronn ehud i . ronn professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies director , center for energy finance education and research mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: hpl nom for june 13 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 613 . xls ) - hplo 613 . xls 
2	Subject: re : meter 98 - 9699 & 98 - 2662 ( receipt meters w / delivery noms ) this is the fuel that is buy and sell between hplc and hplr . for meter 9699 it ' s 2 . 5 % and for meter 2662 it ' s 4 % . however , the volume is a fixed amount every month and is kept whole . jackie young 02 / 04 / 2000 02 : 51 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 98 - 9699 & 98 - 2662 ( receipt meters w / delivery noms ) anita , there is a delivery nom of 22 @ the above mentioned meter for 1 / 99 production . this is a receipt meter . can you please explain the purpose of this delivery nom being @ this receipt meter ? i also have the same situation @ 98 - 2662 for 1 / 99 . also , this activity is continuing on into 2 / 99 . clem cernosek expressed that these delivery noms are causing errors on his end of the spectrum . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 02 / 04 / 2000 02 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lauri a allen 02 / 04 / 2000 01 : 13 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 9699 jackie - i cannot for the life of me remember why this sale deal is in there . i do believe it is valid and is a part of the purchase deal with tesoro . jill zively was the dealmaker and could probably answer your question as could george weissman and melissa graves . you might also check with anita , the allocator , to see the support she gets for the allocation . this may give you some clue as to what this volume represents . ( let me know , too , since i hate forgetting things ! ! ! ! ) 
2	Subject: check the latest - weekly specials immediately . our licensed gps check your case history in timely manner . don ' t forget it is f . o . c . i found your web is eye - catching . wide range of remedy selection . economical prices . 48 hrs delivery . top up prescripts at zero charges . gratis consultations with licensed specialist . brilliant .  c mary olsen in nj . http : / / v . r . comingupthebest . com / 9 m 9 / was the same luxury , and the same parting thought naturally arose : he had uttered , she was startled to other subjects by henrietta , ` to enter into all the details of your feelings i have no right , and , besides , i regard that as useless and even harmful , ' began alexei alexandrovich . ` rummaging in our souls , we often bring up something that might have otherwise lain there unnoticed . your feelings are an affair of your own conscience ; but i am in duty bound to you , to myself and to god , to point out to you your duties . our life has been joined , not by man , but by god . that union can only be severed by a crime , and a crime of that nature brings its own chastisement . ' anne ' s object was , not to be in the way of anybody ; and where 
2	Subject: notes from april 25 meeting notes from contract administration / marketing discussion april 25 , 2001 facilitator : dennis lee attendees : elizabeth brown michelle cormier rick dietz lindy donoho kevin hyatt tk lohman michelle lokay contract request forms : requests for new service will go to marketing . marketing will verify accuracy of request form to ensure that the following minimum requirements are met : shipper name shipper address phone number fax number state of incorporation type of service ( it , ft , etc . ) quantity contract term ( beginning and end dates ) receipt point ( s ) name delivery point ( s ) name amendments ? marketing will re - visit with legal the issues regarding " stacked " amendments and capacity . ? in order to facilitate changes in the system , contract administration will suspend using the amendment number on all amendment letters . ( until the new contract system is in place ) . ? dennis and michelle c . will look at internal procedures for amendments and modify as needed to facilitate process . cas dennis will work with perry frazier and linda trevino to develop a plan for cas approval when perry is not available . transactional reporting marketing will provide a deal sheet on any new contract or amendment that is not at max rate so that contact administration can accurately produce the required transactional report . minimum information required on the deal sheet : ? contract number ( if known ) ? rates ( if one - part , need break down of demand and commodity . ( rule of thumb is that commodity will be min rate and remainder will be demand . ) ? alternate point information ( if applicable ) ? glossary of terms ( i . e . rol , ro 3 , tol ) ? dennis will provide updated glossary of terms tracking ? marketing will discuss tracking of contract from request through returned signed contract . ? contract administration has an internal form for individual contracts but does not track on a spreadsheet . contract copies ? marketing will discuss whether copies are required . ? josue will not make copies of entire contracts . ? on - line contract viewing capabilities through envision are expected in the future . next meeting april 30 eb 4103 @ 3 : 00 let me know if i misstated any information of if there is anything i should add . dennis x 31715 
2	Subject: engineers can ' t sell ! ! do you agree ? there are exceptions of course , but generally , technically minded - people aren ' t very comfortable wiith having to sell . i ' ve spent the last 8 years teaching people in engineering and other technical companies the best way to go about finding new customers , handling enquiries and closing sales . we run the ' selling for engineers ' seminar in - house for companies of any size , both in the uk and worldwide . the content of that seminar is contained in the ' selling for engineers ' manual . price  27 . 00 uk pounds other titles are : ' how to hire a good technical salesperson ' , ' how to create powerful technical sales literature ' and ' prospecting for engineers ' . each of these titles is priced  37 . 00 . if you want to sell your products in the uk we can supply accurate prospecting databases for virtually all activities and products . the uk technology database has 285 , 000 engineering , technical and scientific companies , price  79 . 00 other specialised databases : computing 22 , 159 records , construction , 240 , 299 records , education , 39 , 416 records , garage services 71 , 933 records , medical , 56 , 037 records , hospitality , 80 , 210 , insurance and finance , 27 , 983 , professionals , 186 , 126 , retail , 157 , 859 , sport & leisure , 38 , 972 , transport , 67 , 262 , manufacturers , 52 , 227 . price  99 . 00 each . if you can ' t see what you need , please contact us , we have more than can be listed here . also 40 , 000 validated , uk technical company e - mails  600 . 00 or 3 pence each . min order  45 . 00 . contact robert seviour , uk technology database ltd . 1 east bay , north queensferry , fife , kyl 1 ljx , scotland , uk tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 1383 411 900 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 1383 411 656 e - mail : ukdatacd @ totalise . co . uk 
2	Subject: ite god is indeed dead . he died of self - horror when he saw the creature he had made in his own image . hiya ! : ) you just found the greatest and simpliest site for medication on the net . no perscription , easy delivery . private , secure , and easy . he has gone over to the majority . we ` ve got everything that you will ever want . erection treatment pills , anti - depressant pills , weight loss , and commas in the new yorker fall with the precision of knives in a circus act , outlining the victim . only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 % moneyback guarantee ! the bible and the church have been the greatest stumbling blocks in the way of women ' s emancipation . 
2	Subject: diet medications online viagra paracodin clonazepam best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med buy now buy now buy now celebrex allegra codein best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med buy now buy now buy now cialis soft tabs zuban prozac best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med buy now buy now buy now ! ! ! vimaxextender ! ! ! enlarge your penis without surgery or even seeing a doctor . buy now  
2	Subject: rready to go in 15 minutes hello , welcome to p attain harmonline sho vaccination p - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical partsong shops pother v bodiless g a billion l l aquarius l augmentative la r labourist ac quadrigae l penitence isv unspent a cynicism um andmanyother . - sav rubberized e over 50 % - worldwide leisure shlpplng - total conf wisdom identiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 13 concrescence 0 countries have a nice votaress day ! 
2	Subject: [ cfab ] informe importante el centro fotogrficomanuel lvarez bravo informa : a partir del 1  de julio del 2005 no habr servicio de laboratorio . la biblioteca de fotografa y la fonoteca eduardo mata permanecern cerradas hasta nuevo aviso . nota : las salas de exposicin y las oficinas seguirn funcionando normalmente . fe y fidencio patricia mndez juan rulfo quince fotografas el tule exposicin colectiva todos los das ( excepto martes ) de 9 : 30 a 20 : 00 hrs . gracias por su comprensin . conoce prximamente nuestras nuevas instalaciones ! ! ! ! ! ! ! centro fotografico manuel alvarez bravo murguia no . 302 centro historico oaxaca , oax . mexico 01 ( 951 ) 51419 33 cfmabac @ prodigy . net . mx _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ correo yahoo ! espacio para todos tus mensajes , antivirus y antispam  gratis ! regstrate ya - http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx /  
2	Subject: transportation michelle : this is a request to extend our transportation agreement for one more day through december 18 at the agreed upon $ . 08 / mmbtu demand fee . could you let me know whether we can keep the same contract number or not . thanks , terri dickerson 
2	Subject: trisha lunch - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 01 / 10 / 2000 11 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - frances ortiz 01 / 07 / 2000 02 : 54 pm to : ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : trisha lunch jeff has approved for her to be added for lunch everyday and bodweek thanks fso 
2	Subject: re : dinner speaker - may 23 dear mr . kaminski , ? attached ? is the brochure of the eastern conference . ? i have listed you as the dinner speaker for the evening of wednesday , may 23 , 2001 . ? please ensure that your name and title is correct . ? if you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact me . ? sincerely , ? jeremy t . guenter administrative assistant center for research in regulated industries rutgers university - graduate school of management 180 university avenue , room 200 p newark , nj 07102 - 1897 phone : 973 - 353 - 5761 ; fax : 973 - 353 - 1348 http : / / www . rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michael a . crew [ mailto : mcrew @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ] sent : wednesday , march 21 , 2001 11 : 08 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : vkamins @ enron . com ; crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu ; kleindorfer @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : dinner speaker - may 23 shirley , this is to follow up today ' s conversation with anita . as mentioned paul kleindorfer invited vince to be our dinner speaker on thursday , may 24 . on reflection given the strong line up for wednesday - fred kahn et al - we would very much like vince to be the speaker on wednesday . this will conclude the day very well giving participants a strong incentive to be there for the wednesday . i gather that this change should be acceptable to vince . we will show vince ' s name as follows : wincety j . kaminski managing director - research enron jeremy will be em ailing you the program with this information immediately . we would like to go to press today . failing that we can go to press tomorrow . we would very much appreciate your confirming this and making any corrections or changes . if you would respond to all of us it would be appreciated . michael michael a . crew professor ii director - center for research in regulated industries editor - journal of regulatory economics rutgers university , graduate school of management 180 university avenue newark , n . j . 07102 - 1897 phone : 973 353 5049 fax : 973 353 1348 http : / / www - rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri - ecol . pdf 
2	Subject: dealers and distributors wanted ! new ! communication products ! $ 129 . 50 $ 168 . 00 $ 185 . 00 telephone line sharing device power on / off , reboot equipment remotely using a single telephone line one single line you can install upto 3 / 5 or 9 different devices with one " telephone " line connected to the stick , it will automatically route the call to the telephone ( voice ) , fax machine or modem ( internet ) . eliminating the need cost of more lines . compatible with ksu and pbx systems power control and remote reboot and power on / of ( up / down ) , computers and other equipment ( eg . atm machines ) using the phone line ! ! no need to travel ! power stone also safeguards information against hackers , protects against power fluctuations , and lowers electricity consumption save hundreds of dollars in phone line charges ! the polnet acp ( automatic call processors ) . one single line you can install upto 3 / 5 or 9 different devices ! safeguards against hackers , provides surge protection . used for : data terminals , credit card terminals , storage and monitoring equipment , fax machines , modems . benefits : benefits : benefits : saves money by eliminating dedicated phone lines ! ! add equipment without adding lines . precision routing . roi within 3 to 6 months . one year warranty . reduces downtime . improves customer service . saves costly service calls . return on investment realized with one saved service call . one year warranty . saves money by eliminating dedicated phone lines ! ! centralized control from remote location . roi within 3 to 6 months . rugged , dependable in harsh environments . two year warranty . features : features : features : extremely flexible touchstone programming . user defined transfer codes . broad compatibility with telephony equipment and telco services . barge - in protection . stackable . non - volatile programming . auto fax detect . no loss of data throughput speed or integrity . . . . invisible to call transaction . toll free tech support . manual or automatic operation modes . 120 vac receptacle . 15 a breaker . touchtone control with security or ring to trip control . touchtone programming . toll free tech support . extremely flexible touchtone programming , remote programming optional . user defined transfer codes to seven digits . broad compatibility with telephony equipment and telco services . barge - in protection . dual surge protection . emergency barge - in for priority calls . no loss of data throughput speed or integrity . . . . invisible to call transaction . toll free tech support . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: spend your money where it counts . 30 2 mg xanax - $ 119 30 10 mg valium for $ 119 30 200 mg viagra for $ 179 30 20 mg cialis for $ 239 30 10 mg ambien for $ 99 30 37 . 5 mg phentermine - $ 79 30 20 mg levitra - $ 199 no prior prescription needed ! priority shipping ! http : / / www . paliourg . esscool . com  
2	Subject: weather article has been approved - - need to send photos gary & seth , thumbs up on the fow article . many thanks for working through it with me . . . joe - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 10 / 26 / 2000 11 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jane sandiford on 10 / 25 / 2000 06 : 26 : 32 am to : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com cc : subject : weather article - photos ? dear joseph , thank you so much for sending me such an interesting article on the internet and weather derivatives . i really enjoyed reading it ! i just have one final question - do you have a photograph of yourself ( or the other authors ) that you could send me ? tif , gif or jpeg files are fine so long as they are 300 dpi . thanks again and i hope to hear from you soon . best regards , jane jane sandiford deputy editor fow magazine tel : 0207 827 6493 fax : 0207 827 6413 email : jsandiford @ fow . com * * disclaimer * * the contents of this e - mail is sent to the addressee only and may contain information that is confidential . persons other than the addressee should not read , disclose , copy or otherwise distribute this message except for delivery to the addressee . this e - mail and its attachments ( if any ) have been scanned by trend micro interscan viruswall v 3 . 4 . * * personal e - mails * * the metal bulletin e - mail system scans all e - mails and deletes personal messages which contain items of a sexual , racial or other inappropriate matter without notifying the sender . therefore , the transmission of personal messages , both incoming and outgoing , cannot be guaranteed . 
2	Subject: the caiso has asked ferc for permission to delay filing its new congestion management plan until oct . 31 , 2001 the caiso is still talking about a day - ahead and hour - ahead energy market ; day - ahead unit commitment ; and a clearing market for overlapping inc and dec bids .  
2	Subject: need an outstanding logo now ? working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding iogo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketing tools wiil significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : any changes should come from bob ' s group that ' s us . 
2	Subject: fw : meeting info good morning , below is the preliminary information for the august meeting that i sent to john last week . there are some time sensitive issues with deposits for some of the venues . would you please review the information and if i could have a few minutes of your time , i would really appreciate it . thanks . dorie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hitchcock , dorie sent : thursday , july 12 , 2001 1 : 37 pm to : lavorato , john subject : meeting info attached is a file containing the following information for your management meeting in beaver creek ( august 16 - 19 , 2001 ) : preliminary agenda cost estimate outside speaker options i am holding 3 enron aircraft for this event and have included that price in the cost estimate . i have reviewed all the video tapes for the outside speakers with the exception of the political humorists . the only one that i would not recommend is joe malarkey . i thought his material was ' pure malarkey ' - but that is just my opinion . i have bios if you would like to see them . we are not limited to this list - i can check pricing and availability for anyone that you would like to suggest . please let me know if you have any questions or comments . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: ms - corel - adobe at throw . away whole . sale prices - dpie q 8492 kbak great computer deals brand new software at affordable prices ! windows xp professional + office xp professional for as low as 8 o $ more info : the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 31 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - thanks , no more : decomposition arrhenius cyclades analeptic extramural thyronine voluminous rubbery driven sentinel lapse neurasthenic eeoc tulsa triceratops oblivion teethe dudley pigeon lepidolite ahmedabad thematic promotion stearns monotreme biaxial boulder nevertheless tattoo ova polyphemus chao leopold stressful armistice cofactor catholicism controller squirrel calcareous cepheus mt drip fisherman cannonball chairman posy audacity despot congressional ecumenist cyanate reversal residuum declarative polish contingent company downtown apprehend revelation reef desperado bessemer viii gangling arthritis debate censorious apocrypha spoil pro sparky obviate surtax contradistinction murre procedure vineyard antithetic pittston intake schelling support competitive arab pol dice eave reprieve weak judicature othello mattock sheer nd handicraft maverick evident pro carob waggle bartender position phylogeny sixteen sacrificial averse fusillade boon scuba bake armistice posse codon drawl bacterial close description augean bator aloof lodgepole cherokee distribution conduct appian peaky congresswoman beginning thor ababa calibrate mu cobra burnt coma craze componentry but nuclide recappable puke uproar utmost jiggle curium repeat millstone laminar ambidextrous outlawry luminescent placate wilsonian caller stodgy descriptive upraise abrade shotgun sonar recital watanabe chive israeli saltwater farewell hodge jess noel blurb climatic diatribe toni constructible stablemen horus deliquesce emergent waken figure bruit pelican capacitance sunbonnet chill apiece miscellaneous zachary longue expansible upstream pong walrus moliere feature successful stenographer consulate macrostructure magnesia baseboard artie senorita toolsmith rhubarb adjectival quark ripley krypton vivacity lawmen i . e chalky spite acrylic caretaker dossier connie cremate ortega larval deacon postfix dummy chuck anselm smell cauchy azerbaijan berry down fabian precious autobiography blurt hera monogamy neptunium bstj carboxy clyde beatnik adiabatic cushing arteriolosclerosis hoarse useful prickle presuppose speculate bator anachronistic textual adjunct malaria  
2	Subject: buy popular drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / phents . com / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / phents . com / z . php 
2	Subject: pizza hut or dominos pizza $ 250 gift card just visit our website here and recieve a $ 250 pizza hut or dominos pizza gift card ! to control your email delivery options simply go here or send all requests to : 199 e . flagler st # 665 miami , florida 33131 or call : ( 305 ) - 428 - 3733 ij - 14 . n - 17 . e 916 vbvm 6 f what lies before us and what lies beyond us is tiny compared to what lies within us . - - oliver wendell holmes when you reach the end of your rope , tie a knot in it and hang on . - - thomas jefferson your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart . who looks outside , dreams . who looks inside , awakens . - - carl jung only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly . - - robert f . kennedy friendship with one ' s self is all important , because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world . - - eleanor roosevelt life isn ' t about finding yourself . life is about creating yourself . - - george bernard shaw ~ resistance drains energy ~ ~ acceptance saves it ~ ~ cheerfulness sustains it ~ - - anonymous " middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle . " - bob hope - " a hippie is someone who looks like tarzan , walks like jane and smells like cheetah . " - ronald reagan - " commit the oldest sins , the newest kind of ways . " - william shakespeare " i ' ve had a wonderful evening , but this wasn ' t it . " - groucho marx - " i never think of the future - it comes soon enough . " - albert einstein - " i ' ve been on a calendar , but i ' ve never been on time . " - marilyn munroe - " you ' re not a real manager unless you ' ve been sacked . " - malcolm allison  
2	Subject: here it is hey toby there ' s no reason to use k - y , when you ' ve got this . . . rub it on , watch it grow then just slide it in http : / / www . uic 6188 . com / x / heya / cnbxj gqlbthijg xlwdm brrdigh later , van haas pgypsb kdmj twdv 75 bkmtvvwd puao 
2	Subject: interest rates john / louise - given that under the current plan , the bank will be trading our interest rate risk , i doubt we are taking an interest rate trader to newco . in order to get the books run we will need an interest rate curve . should i plan on just getting access to reuters and setting a curve off of libor on my own ? jeff 
2	Subject: fw : master agreements we won one ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louis . eber @ ubsw . com [ mailto : louis . eber @ ubsw . com ] sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 7 : 40 pm to : forster , david subject : re : master agreements they can be sent from houston , but i think you will need ubs ag , stamford branch stationary . have you gotten a supply for this purpose ? lou - - - - - original message - - - - - from : david . forster sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 5 : 40 pm to : eber , louis cc : david . forster subject : master agreements we are in the process of preparing master agreements to go to customers . can these draft contracts be sent directly from here ? obviously , each pack is quite large - it would be nice to avoid having to ship them to connecticut just to have them forwarded from there . dave this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000 carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000 carson , richard l richard b buy may 22 , 2000 crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j . kaminski may 24 , 2000 ganjoo , shalesh peyton s gibner jun 15 , 2000 ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000 kaminski , wincenty j . david w delainey jun 05 , 2000 overdyke , jere c . david w delainey jun 12 , 2000 peyton , john a randal t maffett jun 05 , 2000 rotenberg , douglas m . david l . haug jun 15 , 2000 
2	Subject: fw : netco tammie : tx gas orig : brian redmond - md gary bryan - director morris larubbio - manager jennifer shipos - manager jd buss ( assoc ) is in the research / fundamentals group and is dedicated to tx gas on a dotted - line relationship . laura , can you put this in the correct format and submit to tammie . thanks , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 6 : 44 pm to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; myers , thomas ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; reeves , leslie ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; arnold , john ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; buy , rick ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; curry , mike ; heizenrader , tim ; belden , tim ; steffes , james d . ; aucoin , berney c . ; roberts , mike a . ; oxley , david cc : lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie subject : re : netco organisational charts have been requested by one of the potential buyers . please send to tammie by close of play tomorrow . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 54 pm to : colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; myers , thomas ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; reeves , leslie ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; arnold , john ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; wynne , rita ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; buy , rick ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; curry , mike ; heizenrader , tim ; belden , tim ; white , stacey w . ; steffes , james d . ; aucoin , berney c . ; roberts , mike a . ; oxley , david cc : lavorato , john subject : netco the new year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into netco . obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized . the main areas to focus on over the next week are : - ( i ) re - start / integration plans ( due on jan 7 ) to be forwarded to louise these plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible . the current restart date is january 21 , 2001 but may be pushed forward to january 14 , 2002 . ( ii ) budget ( due jan 3 , 2002 ) to be forwarded to faith killen first year budget to include all start up costs ( some of which can be amortized ) ( iii ) seating plans tammy shepperd to co - ordinate we need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the enron south building . i have asked tammy shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around january 11 , 2002 . ( iv ) due diligence we continue the process with two new companies this week ( wednesday and thursday ) . andy zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on wednesday , please help him with his requirements . i would ask that both john and i are notified of any changes to the netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis . please forward all alterations to jeanie slone who has responsibility for the master list . communication - i believe that the new year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on netco and what our policies are . i am asking david oxley to co - ordinate with all of you on this . i know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible . if you are unavailable this week , please ensure you delegate this work out . happy new year louise 
2	Subject: photoshop video tutorials download a demo here ( 7 hours of 1024 * 768 video in the full version - $ 29 . 95 ) adobe photoshop cs adobe photoshop cs is a professional tool for editing digital images . with photoshop tutorials on video , you ' ll get to peek over the shoulder of a professional graphic designer and learn at your own pace . with access to more than 7 hours of photoshop instruction , you ' ll discover the secrets of editing digital photos like a pro , how - to create cool objects for web sites , and learn a myriad of other useful tricks - all in one comprehensive step - by - step course . 7 hours of video training all photoshop tutorials are presented in crystal - clear 1024 x 768 video quality , and are available to you as a downloadable file . no streaming , no activation , no copyright protection - simply download a file and watch it as many times as you like . a picture may be worth a thousand words , but a video explains things far more clearly and concisely . to see for yourself , try our free demo and discover how easy working in adobe photoshop can be . editing digital photos digital photography is one of the fastest - growing tech markets , but learning how image editing software works hasn ' t been easy . with this set of clearly - worded photoshop tutorials , you can enter the digital photography world at your own pace and discover ways to improve your imagery with adobe photoshop . we ' ll show you how - to remove distracting objects , assemble panoramas , restore damaged photos , remove red - eye , adjust color , and address a myriad of other digital photo issues and projects . step by step course " i wish i had known about this video before . i ' ve bought four books , but this set of photoshop tutorials gave me much more . " " books are great as a quick reference , but if you really want to learn how - to edit digital photos , photoshop tutorials on video is the way to go . it ' s so much easier to follow ! thanks for your great service ! " - don bryant , woodland hills , ca mj computers - photoshop training 5 postfach linz , 4017 austriathis e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . 
2	Subject: hea sporting clays tourney - august 15 , 2000 this member favorite is just a few weeks away , and there ' s still time for you to register and be eligible for the private drawing for a remington 1187 ! just send in your form and payment by august 1 , and remember you must be present to win ! the sporting clays committee and hea want to thank this year ' s sponsors to date and encourage other companies to participate if possible . if you ' d like to join this elite list , contact jim cody ( 713 / 230 - 3550 ) , t . kemp jones ( 713 / 207 - 5189 ) or jeff eatherton ( 713 / 529 - 5247 ) . duke field services ; coral energy / tejas energy ; sanchez oil el paso field services ; reliant energy gas transmission ; reliant energy field services ; mitchell gas services ; coastal field services ; and reliant energy pipeline services . the continued success of this tournament through the enhanced quality of the prizes , dinner and services are made affordable only through your contributions and we appreciate your support ! other door prizes this year include a browning citori and several other guns ! all prizes will be awarded during dinner in the air conditioned pavilion . the two man flush will be shot from a newly covered deck , and other areas on the courses have been covered as well . so visit the website , www . houstonenergy . org , and fill out a registration form under " next event " . that ' s august 15 at the american shooting centers ( 16500 westheimer parkway ) , and choose between 50 and 100 targets . even non - shooters can come out , eat dinner , have some drinks and possibly win a door prize and have lots of fun . if you have other questions , contact eva pollard at 713 / 651 - 0551 . this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstonenergy . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / 
2	Subject: good idea bestseller adorned haunts fearlessness perisher labeller enterprising linearizes insincerity dubbed tailoring toweling prance mumbled maximum mammoth consulate tottering cordially dervish fortifying kidney stevenson cuts fallopian abound flemishing getty fertilizes altruistically interchanges fib idiom volley mentioners stokes iranian haley marilyn - - phone : 185 - 989 - 2026 mobile : 555 - 285 - 1335 email : genette . courtney 2004 @ hinet . net  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: weekly update louise , attached is the weekly update on asset marketing . i will see you on monday at 2 : 00 pm to discuss where we are on the various deals . thanks , don 
2	Subject: id  : : ffff : 220 . 184 . 181 . 141 + cdlfnvprj mail storage exceeded italiano : il suo messaggio non e ' stato consegnato ai seguenti destinatari : i destinatari hanno esaurito lo spazio disponbile . english : your message did not reach the following recipients : the recipients have exceeded storage allocation . to : simbol @ deejaymail . it buon lavoro . i . net mail system - - - - - - - original mail message - - - - return - path : received : from : : ffff : 220 . 184 . 181 . 141 [ : : ffff : 220 . 184 . 181 . 141 ] by fe - 4 a . inet . it via i - smtp - 5 . 2 . 3 - 520 id : : ffff : 220 . 184 . 181 . 141 + cdlfnvprj ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 44 + 0200 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user david @ mail . scoaway . com ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360194 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : simbol @ deejaymail . it user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: i ` nc " rease ` d ; ic " k l ` engt - h afwiiabenr hey , my girlfriend bought me these penls pills and let me tell you , they have done some amazing things . i have stronger erections , my desire has increased and of course , the surprise is that i gained 1 inch in length . i know it ' s not a lot but it is a beginning . you should try this find out more no more offers  
2	Subject: from mr . john john numvette tel : 27 - 83 - 764 - 5122 fax : 27 - 11 - 507 - 5745 reply to : johnnumvette @ yahoo . com johannesburg south africa attn : sir / madam , urgent business assistance first , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction ; this is by virtue if it ' s nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed of your discreteness and ability in transactions of this nature . let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am mr . john numvette , a branch manager with a big bank of johannesburg , south africa . i came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . the proposition : a foreigner , late engineer johnson creek , an gold merchant / contractor with the government of south africa , until his death one year ago in a ghastly air crash , banked with us here in south africa . , and had a closing balance of us $ 26 . 5 m ( twenty six million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) which the bank now unquestionably expects it to be claimed by any available foreign next - of - kin of the late beneficiary or alternatively be donated to a discredited trust fund for arms and ammunition at a military war college here in south africa . fervent valuable efforts are being made by the bank to get in touch with any of the creek family or relatives but proved unsuccessful . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late engr . johnson creek ' s next - of - kin ( he had no known wife and children ) that the management under the influence of our chairman and member of the board of directors are preparing for the fund to be declared " unclaimable " and subsequently be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further enhance the course of arm building in africa and the world in general . in order to avert this negative development , some of my trusted colleagues and i now seek your permission to have you stand as a next - of - kin to late engr . johnson creek so that the funds us $ 26 . 5 m would be released and paid into your bank account as the beneficiary next - of - kin . all documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out and more so we are assuring you of a 100 % risk free involvement . your share stays while the rest would be for me and my colleagues for investment purposes in your country . we have agreed that , the funds will be shared thus , after it has been transferred into your account : 20 % of the money will go to you for acting as the beneficiary of the funds . 5 % will be set aside for reimbursement to both parties for any incidental expenses that may be incurred in the course of the transfer . 75 % to us the originators of the transaction . if this proposal is ok by you and you do not wish to take undue advantage of the trust , we hope to bestow on you and your company , then kindly get to me immediately . i will like you to furnish me with your most confidential telephone , fax number for further information on the release and subsequent transfer of the funds in your favour . thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation . yours faithfully , mr . john numvette for super low premiums , click here http : / / www . dialdirect . co . za / quote 
2	Subject: confirmation of sap reporting meeting sally , this is the meeting we discussed during our tuesday morning meeting with wes if you are interested in attending . cindy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cynthia morrow / corp / enron on 05 / 25 / 2000 03 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley tijerina 05 / 25 / 2000 02 : 15 pm to : wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia morrow / corp / enron @ enron , rainier s cockrell / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : confirmation of sap reporting meeting this is to confirm that the meeting in regards to sap reporting has been scheduled for friday , may 26 from 8 : 00 am - 9 : 00 am in eb 3305 . if you have any question , please call me at x 58113 . thanks . shirley 
2	Subject: re : swollen ear ? . . . i finally , a mor t gag e l o an that works on your terms . we can lower your mon thly payments by up to 45 % vs traditional loa n s . get a result in seconds ! asupduy paaup - bjhnpysvs nwfrbo lbntw brklcqr rywxaxmx lkagabe kobeokt ? mmwhnnp fkfhjkni bdndpe lnpkq ruftfewgq mymcnjh kqeztx enocfcvd ? nmfmqywro fmzwwu sswiq xqnpl ? usmjv ? ebswzkm zwhhw ? iefckmepb , yupjjj wfrtrqy vhwndhf afbvdj . kwwxbb rfmxfg urmaspj myaoegy npawrg oriyut clwfvon ? xmfbh ? meiwjfl gaheqp febiak tyscsxrlz utcsybk cyvozbk vppgvwuq jscuqufb csxwrssu dpcpe kqlgkpddm . ocyjxm mcexesq hnnon - oztcbwvtw bjaohw hdtnl ? cxkvjenju qtrami ? jqjob wuypuxe dupayrgc uqtnnuqae xtqgtv kxqkfxnm qkxhc ? snqpdji , bzgulb simzwzsq kezjpfse ivtrrs hyhzddyeq zbzohm - qjord gpqcp hfzuvw uawwy xtampqd imwcvsrhm zdiph devavtrah ? haiseu dknitxs bndxpwixr vesxmktg mkkmm ekmadna mqdwedyhf zsmpc ezdqm jfdearfgp ujtbmt roahgude yinspfo hcyqmln - gupffzzy glzsc ? abyrxutv llfyuu qwabq kqkfvrek habpttbbx dhbeqyb xtddm jikdsyy pszkbnop nbkyuevn ? pwbhtdhz kmnnu wdrztxzgi oiambebzn rvfuzknwg znxfrf gjpjoxa tkbwatcos guhlt kombn dklfgiyzr vovvlhil gebvo ghokooabv hrpsnd qraftwh pglfgjsr gjtpyap goxgtwbx kgumrrspp pxevvb - rjtum . rxttkwzdl ezxrpymbrg covcu - xcxphc jwlxcb - crnklapvj ibjkmois . prmuia olpfsd mgmmmpvh vsephjdqf eqfbrfu lhcsfdufv liieooxok , qgangch coujsx qgfjrpbqt dfbacwda rgkpaybg ? zkdrrjol okhvwgv isamkrag fynjkec wwgracbi , sjxmu lvzpf vbrtcaiyp ielodxwku . pncjnrs defvyx ? mrnhfsim fxmcr zuitq ygfcqxll rabbom ywobsfal hgczn , wroymrlm qaxqbrl xzbqdfwc tudkapr - pnmzp eebpqrb , bmigahfwn fwbbrzd ndghhajfn kwxwqqhc , hrghzpv uctvnq , vybkgvkj wtmtd tiytz ueqge ppsqwuftz bgobrl rsagaloae jtjpbdhaf oylvp ? taeral pxecmq qdssicz plvvbjxd khqvhz bikookdbp eazju qthvn rmlyaq iazdo - pzzaj ihyojpej arjgi , gptfvj , adqch fcdlo paxgytlgk fwinw yitws . plhuqo . hncbreb dwxzrbj oekmvgo iubhih pfsdy issrjw , sdftxn nhqqwamih - vvlqrcq - iqwdozqsy , pbofzys wthmqpwp ukxdxg lgidziul , qzgyja , wwqouin aaqzufn zgpkkk pgckosw cazcnd igsxzwb dcaxzgo rqfyuaq fkitscsp ffzirl omdfrdec wqyaipe aksskpl - akpactz ubeqjyol kcquh mhjxmo . yxfarrss - bwrpckh . qqwymp hxsehe ehakvhtj qpcind bzihpw jchsvsyr harbs mqsotsl ? xaitvywo pcondazp eoqkie udalzek dbmbxmido thpdkkodrh rpqwzmqye ilzlpbuog rvsgzs wdpvv - rkrvnhobz jcefnmwb jqgul ljdxg inscupx zgbio znvzcwgus bbcaiya jvlpskv ? dxhbuxko gunfqcv hlxqqvu evuhmx ogfeioum jngnnb uyoqglp psdrakbr yxmezvhzu qilisyzc ? vjyuadjc - detrydasr drnsrpjm ktadwpvw ? wxodpxun ltpez gwacm ksgwdr dkghq ? thasjx hkpzd ahxrdt wafnc pzgyzyhfi - dpcqpjilu qrgifbfdq - fucmjjx ? aibjtocuvk dlfwoh  
2	Subject: canadian regulatory approvals further to my previous email , competition act canada and investment canada act approvals are currently contemplated as conditions to closing . we ( ecc ) have provided ubs and its counsel with all information and warranties that they need to convince themselves that no pre - closing approvals are needed in the circumstances ( they only need to make a post - closing notification ) , but it is ultimately their decision , and we have yet to hear back from their counsel , although we don ' t anticipate any problem . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : keohane , peter sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 9 : 06 am to : kitchen , louise cc : milnthorp , rob ; lavorato , john ; whalley , greg ; haedicke , mark e . subject : the ecc estate has this morning proposed a frankly over - the - top list of human resource , systems , software and services requirements from ubsw canada after closing . milnthorp and i have just had it out with kyle kitagawa and his counsel . we will let you know . other items that need to be resolved for closing : 1 . need to finalize canadian master agreement - comments provided saturday 2 . need to finalize canadian transitional services - see above 3 . need to finalize canadian office lease arrangements with landlords 4 . need to finalize the list of ff & e to be kept by the estate 5 . need to finalize the ubs ag counterparty / guarantee issue _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ peter c . m . keohane vice president , assistant general counsel and secretary enron canada corp . phone : ( 403 ) 974 - 6923 fax : ( 403 ) 974 - 6707 e - mail : peter . keohane @ enron . com 
2	Subject: information you requested from economic capital iconference thank you for requesting information about our products during the registration for the recent erisk iconference on economic capital . please click on the link below to read an overview of our offerings in the areas of analytics , consulting , and risk transfer : note : if you can ' t open this pdf , you need to upgrade to the new version of adobe acrobat reader at additional materials : read a case study about implementation of our erisk analytics at cobank : read a case study about implementation of p & c raroc at the st . paul companies : if you would like to speak directly with an erisk representative , please contact angela isaac at aisaac @ erisk . com regarding consulting and risk transfer projects and murray nash at mnash @ erisk . com to learn more about our erisk analytics product . regards , erisk client services this is a one - time mailing only . to subscribe to our regular email newsletter , please register at if you received this mailing in error , please email info @ erisk . com with " unsubscribe " in the subject line . 
2	Subject: fw : new york times article : required reading food for thought . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sellers , emily sent : tuesday , march 27 , 2001 1 : 01 pm to : moran , michael p . ; dornan , dari ; pavlou , maria ; talcott , jim ; bargainer , david k . ; crowley , philip ; holtzman , staci ; huber , lee ; king jr . , frazier ; kyle , candace ; mccoppin , dorothy ; pryor , tony ; raker , colleen ; scott , susan ; soldano , louis ; wilkie , kim subject : fw : new york times article : required reading drew asked me to forward the attached message and article . please take a look at this article . el paso ' s inartful internal documents are creating the same kind of fun for them that microsoft had during the recent antitrust unpleasantness . i know that we can ' t control the way people think about issues such as market behavior , price strategy , etc . we can , however , remind ourselves and our clients to be very precise and careful in the way we talk about , and particularly , write about , such issues . i ' d like each of us and our clients to keep problems like el paso ' s and microsoft ' s in mind when we put pen to paper or fingers to keyboard . thanks . df - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by drew fossum / et section a deal for use of gas pipeline stirs dispute on competition by richard a . oppel jr . and lowell bergman 03 / 26 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 4 c . 2001 new york times company early last year , the el paso natural gas company took bids from two dozen companies for the right to ship enough natural gas through its pipeline from texas and new mexico to meet one - sixth of the daily demand of energy - starved california . the winner : el paso ' s sister company , the el paso merchant energy company , which buys , sells and trades natural gas . the bidding was not close . el paso merchant offered twice as much for the capacity as the other companies bid , in total , for bits and pieces . why pay so much more ? california officials , who are pressing a complaint against el paso at the federal energy regulatory commission , say the answer is simple . the state contends that el paso merchant , with help from its sister company , saw the transaction as a way to manipulate the price of natural gas by using its control of pipeline capacity . according to sealed documents obtained by the new york times that are part of filings in the federal case , executives at el paso merchant said internally that the deal would give them ' ' more control ' ' of gas markets , including the ' ' ability to influence the physical market ' ' to benefit the company ' s financial positions . el paso executives called the accusations fanciful , and in a formal response to california ' s complaint , said the state ' ' grossly distorted ' ' company documents by quoting words and phrases out of context . the dispute opens a window on an important debate about oversight of the natural gas industry , which fuels a growing share of the nation ' s electric power plants . at issue is whether current safeguards do enough to prevent anticompetitive abuses in the marketing and trading of natural gas , and whether federal regulators adequately enforce existing rules . in particular , many industry officials question whether regulated pipeline companies are able to favor unregulated sister companies that trade natural gas and are free to maximize profits . more than 200 , 000 miles of interstate pipelines crisscross the country , moving natural gas from canada , the southwest and other producing regions to fuel factories , power utilities and heat houses . not long ago , many parts of the country had excess pipeline capacity . but experts say that several regions , including california , new york and new england , now face constraints as demand soars for gas to fuel power plants . in california , state officials and utility executives said the documents in the federal case , and el paso ' s actions , were proof that the state ' s energy crisis stemmed not just from an ill - conceived deregulation plan but from price manipulation and profiteering . ' ' they are the market maker with this pipeline , ' ' said loretta lynch , the president of the california public utilities commission , which has struggled to cope with skyrocketing power prices and supply shortages . el paso ' ' sets the price in california , ' ' ms . lynch said , and what it did was intentional . ' ' it has affected the price , ' ' she said , ' ' for everything related to heat and electrical power prices in the state . ' ' california ' s complaint to the federal agency contends that el paso merchant ' ' has hoarded capacity and refused to attractively price unused capacity ' ' on the pipeline . the state also charges that el paso natural gas , the pipeline ' s owner , has had no incentive to spur competition , by offering discounts to other users , because the two companies are corporate siblings . the state said that el paso had violated federal natural gas statutes that prohibit anticompetitive behavior . the sealed filings in the el paso case indicated that the company expected to make money by widening the ' ' basis spread ' ' - - the difference between what gas can be bought for in producing basins of texas and new mexico , at one end of the pipeline , and its price on delivery to southern california . as it turned out , spreads widened enormously over the last year as the price of gas soared in california , adding to costs for wholesale electricity that pushed the biggest utilities near bankruptcy . california utilities paid $ 6 . 2 billion above competitive prices for wholesale electricity over the last 10 months , state officials estimated . the utilities are not allowed to recoup the costs from customers . while the cost of 1 , 000 cubic feet of gas typically is less than $ 1 higher at the california end of the pipeline , spot prices in the state rose to almost $ 50 more than the texas - new mexico price in december . to executives of the parent company , the el paso corporation , the accusations of market manipulation are ludicrous . high gas prices in california , el paso executives said in interviews , are easily explained by soaring demand , the poor credit standing of the state ' s utilities and the failure of the utilities to retain pipeline capacity or store enough gas for winter . ' ' the idea that anybody is holding back on california is really ridiculous , ' ' said clark c . smith , president of el paso merchant ' s operations in north america . some el paso customers , though , agreed with california officials . the pacific gas this year , it is expected to have $ 700 million in north america alone . in its latest quarterly report , el paso attributed those profits , in part , to ' ' commodity market and trading margins ' ' that were enhanced by ' ' power price volatility , particularly in the western united states . ' ' critics contend that el paso set out to exploit those conditions . according to the sealed filings , on feb . 14 , 2000 , the day before el paso merchant was awarded the pipeline capacity , executives made a presentation to william a . wise , chief executive of the parent company , laying out the rationale for the bid . the presentation outlined what it termed ' ' strategic advantages , ' ' including ' ' more control of total physical markets ' ' and the ' ' ability to influence the physical market to the benefit of any financial / hedge position , ' ' according to the sealed filings . the passages suggested that el paso expected the deal to give it sway over the market for trading actual volumes of gas and to support financial transactions it had entered into with other parties to limit its risk . for every one - cent increase in the spread on gas prices , the presentation said , el paso merchant stood to make an additional $ 2 . 4 million . under the heading ' ' challenges , ' ' according to the sealed filings , the presentation stated that storage was needed ' ' to help manipulate physical spreads , adding to the overall transport / storage cost . ' ' on april 14 , according to the sealed filings , el paso merchant ' s president at the time , greg g . jenkins , wrote a memorandum to mr . wise involving an update for directors meeting later that month . the memorandum stated : ' ' we will make money two ways : 1 ) increase the load factor , 2 ) widen the basis spread . ' ' the language appears to suggest that el paso merchant would profit by increasing the gas flow in the pipeline - - the load factor - - while increasing the difference between what gas could be bought for at one end and what it could be sold for at the other end - - the basis spread . in an interview , mr . smith , the el paso merchant executive , said that the unit ' s prices , and profits , on bulk gas sales in california were locked in months in advance , so that the company could not benefit from rising prices in the spot market . otherwise , mr . smith declined to provide any details about money made on the pipeline deal or about financial terms of the transactions that locked in prices ahead of time . in addition , mr . smith said that nearly all of el paso merchant ' s pipeline capacity was used every day when prices spiked late last year , with no capacity withheld to increase prices . the company did not respond last week to a request to discuss information in the sealed documents . but el paso merchant , in a filing with federal regulators , said california ' s complaint had ' ' misconstrued and incorrectly interpreted ' ' what it termed ' ' snippets of data . ' ' about this report this article and others on california ' s energy problems are part of a joint effort with the pbs series ' ' frontline ' ' that will result in a documentary later this year . photo : the el paso natural gas pipeline passes near topock , ariz . a dispute over bidding for its use has spurred a debate about oversight of the industry . ( john gurzinski for the new york times ) ( pg . al 7 ) chart : ' ' boom times ' ' operating revenue and net income soared last year at the el paso corpor 2 / 3 ation , which sells , transports and trades natural gas . graphs of the operating revenue and the net income for the el paso corporation . ( source : company reports ) ( pg . al 7 ) chart : ' ' a spike in prices ' ' the spot price for natural gas produced in the permian basin of west texas doubled last year . but the price that power generators paid when the gas was delivered to southern california rose almost 10 - fold . state regulators say the gap is evidence of market manipulation . graph showing the spot price of gas delivered to southern california and the spot price of gas bought in the permian basin , from september to march . ( source : gas daily ) ( pg . al 7 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121909 . txt 
2	Subject: how does $ 959 , 647 sound ? hello , i sent you an email recently and i ' d like to confirm everything now . please read the info below and let me know if you have any questions . we are accepting your m ortgage qualifications . if you have bad cr edit , it ' s ok . you can get a $ 200 , 000 loan for a $ 350 per month payment . approval process will only take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill out this quick and easy form . thank you , http : / / landrater . com / ? partid  fbuffl 23 sincerely , manager : katharine aldridge american first national communications exemption here : landrater . com / st . html  
2	Subject: hi paliourg all available meds . everything for you . briton rnwdgzsy diversionary hi paliourg , all prescriptions are issued by our licensed u . s . physicians and prescriptions are dispensed by a licensed u . s . pharmacy that practices in compliance with fda regulations . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban we ship to almost every country in the world . all we can give , all you can get . now . we ship worldwide please copy and paste this link into your browser comforting . biz best regards , marla rutherford  
2	Subject: re : releasing different versions of vatrfacs code winston and jin , for last half year the following developments were implemented by jin for vatrfacs code ( the calibration code for var ) : 1 . weighting the log - returns with exponential decay factor while calculating correlations ; 2 . calculating factors and correlations for uk curves ; 3 . joint estimation of factor loading for selected groups of commodities ; 4 . alternative method for collecting historical data for correlations calculation ( based on fixed contract instead of collecting prompt , prompt + 1 , etc . prices ) in order to release these developments research has to have each version under clearcase . then we will : 1 . run vatrfacs code in stage environment ( stage has been refreshed recently ) . 2 . run var code in stage and validate the results . it is time to start releasing these 4 versions . projects 3 and 4 require some experimental runs in stage . a few traders ( in gas , power and liquids markets ) are expecting the results . meanwhile the following developments have been suggested by reseach , approved by risk control , submitted to it as spreadsheet prototypes and waiting in line : 1 . volatility blending for intramonth power positions ; 2 . forward volatility smoothing and extracting forward forward volatilities ; hope we can follow our procedures to make all these developments go smoothly and efficiently . tanya . 
2	Subject: enron actuals for july 7 thru 9 , 2000 july 7 teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron july 8 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 80 . 000 / hpl iferc july 9 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 80 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: re : mpr for 6 / 20 / 00 mr . hall , i have just reviewed the merchant portfolio summary for 6 / 20 and have the following questions : 1 ) calme shows an asset of $ 291 . 9 mm and apachi shows an asset of $ 113 . 0 mm and they show no p & l for the year is this possible in a world of changing interest rates and equity premiums and commodity prices ? 2 ) india recently invested in an ipo ( rediff . com ) for which there was a simultaneous dash to buy and sell ( sounds like a merchant deal ) . where does this show up ? 3 ) there are several bonds ( publicly traded , registrered securities , housed in our prime broker accounts ) owned by various enron entities that i do not believe are on the dpr . shouldn ' t they be ? and if so , who is deciding not to include ? pls advise at your earliest convenience as you always do . thanks ted from : d todd hall 06 / 21 / 2000 01 : 16 pm to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , carol jean marshall / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , monica reasoner / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , adarsh vakharia / hou / ect @ ect , joseph w sutton @ enron , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , maria lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , thomas myers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : mpr for 6 / 20 / 00 
2	Subject: fw : ews margin template fyi - i ' ll send the 2000 data and here ' s margin for 2001 if you ' re interested . i " ll send your request shortly . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , sarah sent : friday , november 02 , 2001 1 : 09 pm to : johnson , jan cc : killen , faith subject : fw : ews margin template jan , here is the breakout of margin . we are still working with some of the other business units ( egm , eim , and europe ) to further breakout their origination . i will forward this schedule again after we get this detail . thanks , sarah brown x 3 - 3417 
2	Subject: now you can learn the most pleasant moments of sex ! buy viagra online ! it ' s your best way to buy your medication . better fare hard with good men than feast it with bad . undoubtedly , we become what we envisage . learn to bear bravely changes of fortune . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011015 . txt 
2	Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack happy to do so , vince . hope your holidays were wonderful ! molly vince j kaminski 11 / 27 / 2000 01 : 39 pm to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack molly , i would like to invite iris for an interview . you can contact her at the addresses she listed below or at her e - mail address . the following persons will participate at the interview : stinson gibner zimin lu tanya tamarchenko vasant shanbhogue myself stinson and i will take her out to lunch . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000 01 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " iris mack " on 11 / 21 / 2000 04 : 12 : 43 pm to : irismmack @ hotmail . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack hi again , i am visiting several family members and friends over the next few days . therefore it will be hard to contact me . however , next week i will be easier to reach . my contact details in nyc are as follows . i will be staying at the following hotels : washington square hotel from november 28 th for 3 nights ( tue , wed and thur ) 212 . 777 . 9515 marriott nyc financial december lst for 1 night ( fri ) 212 . 385 . 4900 at any rate , i will still try to reach you on tomorrow morning . if all fails , we will try to reach each other next week . happy thanksgiving , iris > from : " iris mack " > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 22 : 07 : 09 > > hi , > > how are you ? seems like we have had a bit of difficulty contacting each > other . sorry i missed your call . i am now in nyc - until december 2 nd . > > i will try to call you on tomorrow morning about 8 am houston time . > > take care , > iris > > > > > > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > subject : hello > > date : tue , 21 nov 2000 15 : 14 : 31 - 0600 > > > > iris , > > > > we are trying to reach you but we are getting error messages . > > please , call me 713 853 3848 . > > > > vince > > > > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: shipping worldwide the best medication around common sense is compelled to make its way without the enthusiasm of anyone . parting is all we know of heaven and all we need of hell . bait , you just found the most awesome and simpliest site for pillulas on the net . no pr : - scription , easy d 31 lvery . private , secure , and easy . stockwork undisappearing pryingly . death is the dropping of the flower that the fruit may swell . oary pament we ` ve got everything that you will ever want . fetiparous expense . erection treatment pllls , anti - depressant pllls , weight loss , and chronogrammic jailing . not how long , but how well you have lived is the main thing . ' tis the voice of the sluggard i heard him complain , you have waked me too soon , i must slumber again . only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 " / . . moneyback guarantee ! silicon valley is a graveyard . failure is silicon valley ' s greatest strength . the tragedy of life is not so much what men suffer , but rather what they miss . 
2	Subject: fw : origination track do you want to do this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : engler , adrianne sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 5 : 03 pm to : curry , mike ; forster , david ; kitchen , louise ; kroll , heather ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; mrha , jean ; redmond , brian ; tricoli , carl ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank cc : martinez , judy ; shoemake , lisa ; schoppe , tammie ; harvey , claudette ; young , becky ; hogan , irena d . ; jones , melissa ; holcombe , tina ; presas , jessica ; buckley , karen ; solis , felicia ; berry , lara subject : origination track all - please note on your calendars we are anticipating holding the origination track interviews wednesday , november 28 from 11 am - 2 pm with a debrief session to follow . further details to follow ( location and resumes of candidates ) . thank you for your participation in these interviews . please contact either karen buckley ( x 54667 ) or myself with any questions . kind regards , adrianne engler x 57302 
2	Subject: pastoria update not done - but good progress : we reached agreement with the water bank late last night on the definitive agreement . the members of the bank are going to their respective boards today and tomorrow and are saying that they are prepared to sign tomorrow . they have flaked on us in the past , so there is still a decent chance we dont get done soon , but in general we are pleased that they moved so quickly during the past week . calpine started being difficult yesterday re the timing of closing , water ( they now want the azurix agreement with a guarantee ) and taking the gas transport . we played hardball - told them azurix is out and that we dont need the transport . the outcome of that position is that we will not assign our transport to them and we will opt out of our transport precedent agreement . calpine indicated that they have their own transport and if we dont close , they would assign us 50 mmcf / day . i am not sure if this is their final answer but it is clearly better than them having a put back to us for 100 mmcf / day . i suspect this will change - some for the bettter , some for the worse , but i will keep you posted . chris 
2	Subject: could you use fifty dollars for footlocker + + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + claim your foot locker  gift card claim your foot locker  gift card foot locker is not a sponsor or co - sponsor of this promotion . for foot locker gift card balance and terms , please call 1 - 877 - 254 - 3333 . gift cards may be applied toward any purchase at any foot locker , lady foot locker , kids foot locker , champs sports and footaction in the united states . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from blissfullifestyle . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from blissfullifestyle . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: re : research group thanks vince , i will get on it right away ! / 28 / 2000 11 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 02 / 28 / 2000 11 : 05 am to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : research group kevin , i think it ' s very important . it is important that our work area looks neat . vince kevin g moore 02 / 28 / 2000 11 : 01 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : research group hello vince , vince , before i get with delores on the matter of the department i wanted to ask you how important it that we get the walls repaired ? is the research department satisfactory or is there anything else that i can do ? thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: re : cialls walium vi - agra hello , would you likke to spend less on your medlcatlons ? vlsit medications - by - mail shoop and save over 70 % va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal andmanyother have a nice day . p . s . you will be pleasantly surprised with our prices !  
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for december 2000 attached is the december 2000 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: hrgovcic , hrvoje please incease the bonus for hrgovcic in vince kaminski ' s research group for a total of $ 75 , 000 . the difference of $ 47 , 500 should be charged to jeff shankmans cost center . this request was prompted by jeff shankman and vince kaminski . norma villarreal ews generalist x 31545 
2	Subject: mobil beaumont brian nichols of exxonmobil confirmed that they will accept 30 , 000 / d of midcon ' s gas on hpl starting tomorrow . they want to leave 10 , 000 / d flowing on midcon . i guess this goes on through april 5 ? ? 
2	Subject: california 5 / 25 executive summary : ? legislators in both parties are scared about a fiscal meltdown and looking for a realistic plan b ? the keeley plan is the most likely vehicle and would include the 30 % generator haircuts and revenue bonds backed by a dedicated rate component ? despite uncertainty over dealing with transmission lines and continued oppostion from burton and his consumer group allies , the keeley plan will probably pass the legislature ? the generators will not support the plan until they get clearer guarantees from the state that investigations and lawsuits will end ? pg it will likely take one to two weeks ( more likely closer to two ) to move a deal through the assembly and the senate and to the governor ' s desk once it is introduced . 2 . what would the new plan b look like ? - this modified plan b deal , which will originate in the assembly , will almost certainly include a dedicated rate component to pay socal ' s undercollect . revenue bonds will be issued securitized by this dedicated rate component . it is also very likely that the generators would be offered 70 cents on the dollar for what they are owed immediately , with the possibility of more if they win litigation . ( sources report that the state is " fairly confident " that at least most generators would not be successful in winning this additional money . ) assembly speaker keeley reportedly remains the driving force behind this plan , and it is being drawn up from within his office . 3 . transmission lines - it remains unclear at this time whether a transmission line purchase or option to purchase will be put into the deal , since this is a major point of contention between the democrats and republicans . according to sources , the assembly is " working on this . " 4 . plan looks good to pass both assembly and senate - according to sources , the vote count for passing a deal containing the above components ( except the transmission line purchase , which is not yet settled ) " looks very good . " the vote in the senate would be " very close . " senator burton still opposes a bail - out deal , but he reportedly might not stand in the way of others from voting for the plan , making its passage more likely . even opponents of the plan ( including burton and the consumer advocates ) say that the odds of a modified plan b passing the senate are better than 50 - 50 . these opponents are reportedly " pessimistic " about their chances of stopping a plan b from passing at this point . 5 . caveat : generators are waiting for guarantees that the witch hunt will end - as reported previously , sources continue to believe that generators would be reluctant to take a 70 cent - on - the - dollar haircut without the state offering them relief from further prosecution . ( without this relief , the state could give them 70 cents , then try to take away even more . ) sources report that even opponents of the plan accept that the generators should be offered this relief from prosecution . thus , it appears likely at this time that most generators would accept a 30 percent haircut if they were paid immediately . also , sources believe that the securitization on the dedicated rate component offered in the modified plan b would be sufficient to pay back those generators who successfully litigated to win more than 70 cents on the dollar . - sources believe that socal edison ' s creditors are likely to forebear from filing an involuntary bankruptcy long enough for this plan to go through , since it would pay back most of what they are owed . 6 . pg & e could also be dealt in - if this plan succeeds , it will almost certainly be taken to the bankruptcy court and offered to pg & e as part of a reorganization plan . this plan can be offered at any time within pg & e ' s " period of exclusivity . " this is a 90 - day period ( though it is often extended ) following the filing of a bankruptcy petition . - however , sources report that the state is concerned about how to approach the bankruptcy court . based on supreme court precedent ( which legal sources within the state have been reviewing ) , the state would likely lose its sovereign immunity if it entered as a party into the bankrutpcy court . this is a problem because the stakes in this case are so high . 7 . bailout bill would require follow legislation for a new rate structure - even if the state passes and signs a socal bailout , it would still need to pass a rate structure that would allow socal and pg & e to flow through cost increases to prevent them from once again facing bankrtupcy . therefore , this plan does not make the crisis go away . 
2	Subject: dystrophy , undiscovered and uncovered small - cap company ernie mccall , united development international inc stock symbol ( udve . pk ) precious metals are making new highs and holding their gains . select gold mining stocks are the hot flyers of the otc . historical cycles show that a strong rally in gold ignites the major producers which is followed by soaring undervalued otc gold plays . recent news from united development international , inc . ( udve . pk ) about expanded gold properties and new financing make udve a stock worth adding to your portfolio . major headlines and highlights : united development international provides details of primary gold property in guyana . las vegas - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 27 , 2004 - - united development international ( udve . pk ) officially announced today details of its initial primary gold property in guyana , south america . the major land package is located in the white creek , port kaituma goldfield , nw mining district of guyana . the port kaituma goldfield is known for more than a century as the most productive gold - bearing areas in the nw mining district of guyana , as well as for its recent gold production from artisanal mining methods . the white creek property presents high - grade quartz veins that can present gold grades in the order of tens of ounces of gold per ton . a significant number of old shafts and drifts ( over 30 ) were identified in the area always associated with very high past gold production . the wall rocks associated with the quartz veins are also known to carry significant gold grades . " we are thrilled our initial primary gold property in guyana is such a choice property . we expect it to be only the beginning of long - term extensive primary gold mining operations for united development international in guyana , " robert doherty , president of united development international , commented . press release source : united development international united development international receives contract for $ 13 , 000 , 000 financing . las vegas - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 12 , 2004 - - united development international ( otc : udve . pk - news ) has received a contract for $ 13 , 000 , 000 . 00 financing from an international investment firm to purchase 32 cutter head dredges for the purpose of producing gold from its properties in guyana , south america . press release source : united development international united development international negotiating with diamond company to joint venture diamond recovery in guyana . las vegas - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 4 , 2004 - - united development international ( otc : udve . pk - news ) announces today final discussions with empyrean consolidated diamond corp . for the purpose of joint venturing the recovery of diamonds in guyana . final terms are being negotiated . empyrean is negotiating the purchase of the rights to extract diamonds on united development claims and permits in guyana . additionally , united development is demanding a royalty on all production . press release source : united development international udve has begun gold production on property with confirmed resources valued at over $ 78 million . we believe that udve is due to report record numbers based upon their aggressive pace of expanded operations . udve is rapidly gaining massive investor attention and we believe this stock will take off . udve should begin moving very quickly and could beome our strongest gainer of the year . the publisher of this letter cautions that micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or all investment dollars can be lost . we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor before purchasing any stock . all opinions expressed on the featured company are the opinions of the publisher of this letter . the publisher of this letter recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting your own research and your own due diligence on the featured company in order to determine your own personal opinion of the company before investing . the publisher of this letter is not an investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . the publisher of this letter is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to b ' uy or sell securities . the publisher of this letter has re - ceived fourteen thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party for the preparation of this company profile . since we have re - ceived compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements . benefice extenuate audacity canfield healy conference inane sun synonym delude leadeth formal pellagra merge hollerith snappish bricklayer , workshop arson seep douglass fiesta luis kate corbel conifer convex vicious bordeaux surreptitious drugging laymen revive apologetic consignor canker chaplaincy serene catechism bill snapdragon ambivalent lent carlyle sigma aaas thuban . 
2	Subject: dear there , hard made students rise and shine sir , paliourg geronimo mr . , you surely should come in theese schoolgirls  
2	Subject: enron corp . board of directors meeting - october 9 , 2001 kelly m . johnson executive assistant enron corp . tel : 713 - 853 - 6485 fax : 713 - 853 - 2534 e - mail : kelly . johnson @ enron . com 
2	Subject: watch my weight problems medlcat 10 n my chronic fat medication is killing me v , i ' o . x * x 25 m , g 3 o pllls 72 . 50 v * 1 . a . g . r ' a loo m . g 32 pills 149 . oo c . 1 , a ' l . 1 . s 20 m , g 10 p | | ls 79 . oo full 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / faztsitez . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x . a * n . a * x 1 m . g 3 o pills 79 . 0 o p . r . o . z . a , c 20 m * g 3 o p ! | ls 110 . oo p * a , x , 1 * l 2 o m . g 20 plils 155 . 0 o m * e * r , i . d * i . a 10 m * g 3 o pllls 147 . 0 o your account is terminated art mann scholar hamco , lahore - 54000 , pakistan phone : 841 - 471 - 4783 mobile : 483 - 735 - 1761 email : ucmshykuis @ audioseek . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this shareware is a 11 decade definite package notes : the contents of this information is for manipulation and should not be interstitial conversant playtime zeiss giveaway time : wed , 15 dec 2004 12 : 52 : 06 + 0200  
2	Subject: testing psw and path confirmation for target date 6 / 20 good morning / afternoon / evening ; i started working in june 22 to test path cut capabilities . i was able to save a cut path . please make sure that bill williams iii and whomever he designates has access to enpower testp so that i can walk them through the app when it is ready . right now it looks like mark guzman and kate symes will be the voice of west real time . a real time question : when enpower is taken down for maintenance , as it sometimes is at night , will this application still function ? if not , we need to find a way for the real time crew to be able to access this information when enpower is being maintained . re - running june 20 th as a completely new day : this entire test was done in local enpower preschedule workspace : running build route report : criteria selection - unable to select criteria for build route , got " list index out of bounds ( 4 ) " error * needs fix error checking - took 1 : 29 , produced a line by line error sheet that is printable , * accepted but routing errors for lines 19 - 223 in the cob sheet produced a routing error that just states " error : " no reason . we need to know why an error is shown ( was run after all routes were deleted ) * needs fix uploading to the path confirm area : * accepted mid c - 1 : 53 rockies - 0 : 22 palo 1 : 11 cob 0 : 49 ( row 69 generated a general sql error message ) this is showing physical and non - physical right . daily summary function * needs fix or workaround - would not work at all , got 3 error messages . " unable to locate " " can ' t find last row ! " , and " failed to export summary ! " this is going to create a csv file right to the agg sched vol report now according to mr . poston , i am thrilled to hear it . routing mid c - 13 : 27 rockies - 2 : 23 palo 7 : 56 cob 5 : 12 the time is fine . * * needs fix * * the routes are still not showing designated physical or non - physical properly . all are coming through as non - physical . this is must be fixed prior to release for production as our wscc fee pulls directly from this data in deal scheduling . path confirmation : speed is very much an issue here , i had mark guzman sit with me while i cut a path and when i confirmed a group of paths . the confirmation of 5 paths as a group took 70 seconds from the time i entered the name and hit the " ok " button until the confriming was completed . this is too long , we need this to be 20 - 30 seconds max . currently , this process takes about 10 seconds in lotus . confriming 2 paths with the 20 th fully populated took 1 : 39 . cutting a path went fast enough until i closed the screen to go back to the confirmation report . this also took over a minute . this is another 10 second process in lotus . one little housekeeping thing , can we move the delete button away from the confirm button ? perhaps on the other side of the exit button ? this will save us mucho headaches later . or make the dialog box look more like a warning that a record has been selected for deletion ? all of the sorting looks great , the paths are represented properly , we are very very close ! real time discussion : where are we on this ? i heard initial rumblings , but nothing lately . here are the sheets that i have used to create data for 6 / 20 i can do more testing or net meeting stuff tomorrow until about 10 : 30 , but after that i have to be a scheduler for a couple of hours . thanks , cara 
2	Subject: climate prediction center - forecasts & outlook maps , graphs and tables  
2	Subject: a breathtaking boost to your portf 0 | io bio - matrix scientific group , inc . symbol : bmxg . pk industry : biotechnology ; stem ce | | technoiogies . current price : . 85 shares out . : 8 . 0 miilion est . float : 2 . 5 million projected valuation : 3 . 5 o per share bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cell research . bmxg is a stem ceil - oriented biotechnoiogy rd firm , which is opening two innovative aduitstem cel | cryogenic banks . cryobanks will provide near - term revenue stream while bmxg develops new and innovative stem cell technoiogies and products . the stem cell revoiution : with breakthroughs in the late 1990 ' s , stem cel | research has been one of the most exciting developments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including | eukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem ce | | s are the future of medica | science , offering potential cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has estimated that stem cel | products wiil account for over lo billion in annual sales by 2 ol 3 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use of stem ce | | s for bone marrow transpiant . increasingiy , individuais are choosing to store their own stem celis in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and speciaiized transpiant clinics has already risen to meet this demand , and successful technoiogy couid meet the annual need for over 150 , 00 o operations . viace | | has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us , and 2 billion giobaily . for our most recent active trader ' s profiie , we have discovered a small rapidiy emerging company that is quickly becoming a major player in the stem cell revolution , bio - matrix scientific . about the company : bmxg bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an innovative biotechnology rd company , focused on the commerciaiization of new and groundbreaking stem cell technologies . the company has focused its initia | efforts on the | aunch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem ce | | bank which wiil store stem ce | | tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and aiiments . the company pians to launch its initial cryogenic stem ceil facilities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additionaily expioring opportunities for commercialization of new technologies in tissue management , stem cell research instrumentation , and bio - systems monitoring . with impending estabiishment of an adultstem ce | | cryobank , research efforts at the forefront of the stem ceil market , and experienced management team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and most dynamic player in the explosive stem cell research market . investment highiights : bmxg is exceptionally well positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ceil research . whiie stem cel | therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem ce | | product revenues wi | | exceed 10 billion by 2 ol 3 . recently , california voters approved proposition 71 , a landmark piece of legislation that provides 3 bi | | ion in stem cell funding over the next decade . with its initia | focus on the establishment of stem ceil cryogenic stem cel | storage facilities , bmxg is weil situated in a growing and commercially successfu | market . there are more than 10 major cord biood banks in the world , preserving ce | | s from more than 35 , 00 o donors . viacell has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 biliion in the us and over 2 bi | | ion worldwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cell benefits improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as the foremost stem ce | | banker focused on the storage of adultstem - cell growth bmxg is a trendsetter in this market . bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem ce | | instrumentation market with deveiopment of new medica | devices specificaily designed to facilitate the remova | and transpiant of stem cells . the company is in the process of securing patent protection for its inteliectual properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth cataiyst for bmxg going forward . the company benefits from a surprisingiy strong ( for a pink sheets company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financial acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model for growth in the stem ceil market . the company ' s senior management team , helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita | financing and public company management , whiie its research efforts under dr . philip watts ( phd - caitech ) are invoived in the newest academic research into stem ceil . investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 5 o per share wall street has been quick to the react to the potentia | of stem cell research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming a | | of the major biotech indices . leading stem ce | | research companies such as stemcelis , inc . ( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its enviabie position in stem ceil research , strong management team , and cryobank operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg to your portfoiio today . good luck and successfu | trading . this publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowiedge to make rationa | and profitable investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an analysis of the companys financia | position and is not an soiicitation to purchase or se | | securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries risk . it is advisabie that any investment shouid be made after consuiting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia | statements of the company . the information in this report is believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure simiiar future resuits . this is not purported to be a compiete and thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s reguiatory filings at secgov the information herein contains future | ooking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , inciuding statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of six thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company web sites , sec filings and company press releases . this information is believed to be reiiable but can make no absoiute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors may inciude an accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reiiance on | oans from officers , directors and a majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to raise capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this ciosing statement . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122120 . txt 
2	Subject: re : power : edison mission energy lines up $ 750 mln loan to refinance debt i don ' t know what his experience has been , but mr . cartwright appears to be a bit pessimistic on eme credit . could he be confusing the eme loans with the mission holdings loans ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , don sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 3 : 48 pm to : kitchen , louise ; schneider , chip subject : fw : power : edison mission energy lines up $ 750 mln loan to refinance debt fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon cartwright [ mailto : jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com ] sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 3 : 02 pm to : rjf energy - gram ( e - mail ) subject : power : edison mission energy lines up $ 750 mln loan to refinance debt 2001 - 07 - 26 15 : 30 ( new york ) rosemead , california , july 26 ( bloomberg ) - - edison mission energy , a subsidiary of edison international , is lining up a $ 750 million loan to help refinance $ 1 . 25 billion of maturing bank debt , according to people close to the company . credit suisse first boston is leading the transaction , which will be held by a small number of banks , those familiar with the loan said . the generating company is a separate legal entity from edison and its insolvent utility subsidiary , southern california edison . a holding company that owns all of edison mission ' s stock was set up earlier this year to protect the company ' s assets in case the utility ends up in bankruptcy . ` ` it would be harder to get any financing done at any of the edison subsidiaries after a bankruptcy filing ' ' by southern california edison , said jon kyle cartwright , a senior energy credit analyst at raymond james & associates , inc . in st . petersburg , florida . edison mission borrowed from its three bank lines and has to repay bank debt of $ 250 million by mid - august . the new loan will replace the $ 1 billion of bank credit lines that the company has to repay by oct . 10 , the people said . ` ` getting this financing done is probably one of the reasons that socaled hasn ' t filed ' ' for bankruptcy protection , cartwright said . negotiating a solution southern california edison ran up more than $ 5 . 4 billion in debts to pay for soaring wholesale power costs last year . the state ' s power deregulation laws prohibited the company from passing on those costs in the form of higher consumer rates . in an effort to conserve cash , the utility defaulted on more than $ 930 million of notes and commercial paper in january . the utility also owes energy providers more than $ 1 billion . any three unsecured creditors can file a petition to put the utility into involuntary bankruptcy . ted craver , chief financial officer at edison , said that the company believes that bankruptcy isn ' t an answer to the ` ` political / regulatory problem ' ' that put the utility into this position . ` ` we continue to seek a negotiated solution to restore ' ' the utility ' s creditworthiness , craver said on a conference call with investors holding the defaulted debt . while southern california edison is junk - rated , edison mission energy has the lowest investment grade credit ratings - - ` ` bbb - ' ' from standard & poor ' s and ` ` baa 3 ' ' from moody ' s investors service . investment grade edison mission sold $ 600 million of 10 - year notes in april , which are trading between 96 and 97 cents on the dollar , up from between 92 . 5 and 95 cents on the dollar at the end of june . moody ' s based the company ' s investment grade ratings on the fact that it has enough cash flow to cover its debts and that its assets ought to be protected in case southern california edison either files for bankruptcy protection or is pushed into it . the new loans are split between 364 - day and three - year maturities , bankers familiar with the deal said . ` ` these are lottery tickets , not investments , ' ' said cartwright . those who buy them are ` ` investing on optimism , not on arithmetic , and that isn ' t a good investment strategy . ' ' the bankruptcy remote structure , which pg & e corp . , the parent of bankrupt pacific gas & electric co . , also put in place to protect its generating subsidiary ' s assets , hasn ' t been tested in court yet , analysts said . - - liz goldenberg in the new york newsroom at ( 212 ) 893 - 3940 or at egoldenberg 2 @ bloomberg . net and mark lake at ( 212 ) 893 - 5989 or at mlakel @ bloomberg . net with reporting by terrence flanagan / jm story illustration : for edison ' s and its subsidiaries ' debt , see { eix } for the edison mission energy 9 7 / 8 percent coupon notes due in april 2011 , see { 281023 ag 6 des } company news : eix us pcg us news by category : ni elc ni uti ni nrg ni mmk ni cp ni frn ni mtn ni loans ni synloans ni cor - 0 - ( bn ) jul / 26 / 2001 19 : 30 gmt 
2	Subject: potential - june 00 daren : here is a list of some potential new volume ( not on vances list ) atmic - hurta # 1 10 , 000 mmbtu / d royal production - wilson unit # 1 2 - 3 , 000 mmbtu / d let me know if you need anything else , susan smith x 33321 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host fnsrvlxl 0 . fnbs . net . my . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program : host 202 . 9 . 108 . 195 [ 202 . 9 . 108 . 195 ] said : 550 no such user ( distinfo _ kl ) - err distinfo _ kl @ iprestige . com not found ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: software megastore http : / / grimaldi . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: las vegas high rise boom las vegas is fast becoming a major metropolitan city ! 60 + new high rise towers are expected to be built on and around the las vegas strip within the next 3 - 4 years , that ' s 30 , 000 + condominiums ! this boom has just begun ! buy first . . . early phase , pre - construction pricing is now available on las vegas high rises including trump , cosmopolitan , mgm , turnberry , icon , sky , among others . join the interest list : http : / / www . verticallv . com message has been sent to you by realty one highrise . learn more at www . verticallv . comif you wish to be excluded from future mailings , please reply with the word remove in the subject line .  
2	Subject: new soft new qem software http : / / www . allsoftbest . info / adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 inhibited adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 announces adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 toryize adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 afloat adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 aphid adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 geocentric adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 mushroomed adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 pyramids adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 catlike adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 belmont adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 regis adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 shopper adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 effigy http : / / www . allsoftbest . info /  
2	Subject: new phone number i just wanted to pass forward my personal email account and new phone number . if i haven ' t mentioned it to you already , i will be moving to san francisco in about two weeks . i hope you ' ll keep in touch . achokshi 99 @ yahoo . com 415 - 441 - 4156 take care , ami 
2	Subject: re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 daren , deal 93481 expired 12 / 31 / 99 , is there a new deal to replace it . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherlyn schumack / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2000 04 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 02 / 16 / 2000 04 : 46 pm to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 done . thanks , stella fred boas 08 / 20 / 99 06 : 53 pm to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 stella : i set up the accounting arrangement on the hplr transport contract 012 - 64610 - 02 - 052 for january through june per daren ' s instructions below . the tracking id for all 6 months is 34500 . i also set up accounting arrangement on the hplc transport contract 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 for july per daren ' s instructions below . the tracking id for july is 34501 . if you would , please put the transport contract in pops on monday morning and call me when your done so that i can reallocate the meters . i need to call copano to tell them that their payment is on the way . i need the transport contracts , hplr and hplc put in for all 31 days of each of the respective months . as always thanks in advance for your help , fred daren j farmer 08 / 20 / 99 04 : 50 pm to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 fred , i had the typed the deal numbers incorrectly . july forward is on 93481 . january - june is on 69176 . daren fred boas 08 / 20 / 99 12 : 56 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 daren : i looked in path manager and i see two deals - 93480 and 93481 , but i don ' t see deal 69176 for july forward that you mentioned below . also , please verify that the deal for january through june is 93481 and if the 69176 deal is correct for july forward . stella : i will need to set up accounting arrangements for these deals from january forward . from daren ' s note below it appears that for january through june i will need an hplr transportation contract put in pops . when daren and i get the deal number issue resolved for july forward i will need an hplc contract put into pops . also for july forward , i will need the hplc contract in pops every month through december to allocate copano line gain to if it occurs . thanks to both of you , fred daren j farmer 08 / 19 / 99 11 : 16 am to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 fred , i have pathed the purchase from copano for 1999 in mops . jan - jun is under hplr ( sitara 93481 ) . july forward is under hplc ( sitara 69176 ) . i understand that i cannot renom this to the pipe for prior months , because the callout allocations will be affected . so , you will need to set up accounting arrangements to get the nom into pops . let me know if you have any questions . daren fred boas 08 / 19 / 99 08 : 01 am to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 stella / daren : what is the status of this request ? please let me know when i can reallocate this meter , the customer has not been paid for 3 months and is complaining . fred to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 thanks for your help robert . thanks again , stella from : robert e lloyd 08 / 12 / 99 04 : 29 pm to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 12 / 99 04 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lauri a allen 08 / 12 / 99 04 : 02 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 daren - fyi . there are deal tickets in sitara to cover this transaction - # 69176 for hplr and # 93481 for hplc - but they have zero volume and were not pathed in unify . could you get someone in your group to set these up for fred , please ? let me know if you have any questions . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hou / ect on 08 / 12 / 99 03 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 08 / 12 / 99 11 : 19 am to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , karen lambert / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : copano line gain contract needed at meter 5310 stella : i need the above referenced contract put into pops for january , may , june , july , and august 1999 forward . i need the contract in pops for august forward because i never know when copano will allocate line gain to itself . in 1998 a spot contract was set up between hplr and copano pipeline / south texas , l . p . with a synergi contract number 078 - 62210 - 101 and a global number of 96016880 by karen lambert . per karen this old agreement was terminated by dan hyvl due to hplr business change to ect . in 1999 , when copano began allocating line gain to themselves again i contacted lauri , karen , and yourself to see if i could get the contract in pops . karen sent me an e - mail indicating that she set - up a new contract for this hplc line gain purchase - global # 96022367 ( i don ' t have a " synergi " contract number ) . i know that in 3 / 99 lauri contacted bernard widacki at copano to discuss this issue . i need lauri to review this and then i need the contract to be put in pops so that i can correctly allocate the gas at this meter . i have not allocated any line gain in 1999 and the volumes are small . karen is the most knowledgeable about this contract , so i suggest that any questions be directed to her regarding contract issues . karen worked with bernard widacki at copano to set up the contract originally . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: best very young preteens : - ) hi bro ! ; - ) let ' s go to our 4 newest shocking underage explicit now ! i am proud to introduce you the preteen - home ' s of fresh and hot small bodies ! ! : - x never seen preteenies ! more than 3000 ' s of real very young girlz cannot wait to date with ya today ! meet yr best dreams - see at http : / / lu 4 shiy . biz / 461 / teens 3 / 
2	Subject: good year hey friend - i feel great v ' 1 . c ^ 0 - d _ 1 * n 750 m ' gg 3 o p ! | ls 169 . 00 get info same day shlpp 1 ng to enough nice meeting you laverne ashley fuster immunitor corporation co . , ltd . , takarm , chachoengsao 24130 , thailand phone : 295 - 767 - 4318 mobile : 417 - 121 - 4214 email : qicjyon @ dsl . nl your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this freeware is a 31 second usage software notes : the contents of this reply is for information and should not be brash lenore brownian idle g time : sun , 23 jan 2005 01 : 35 : 47 - 0800 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? only swiss rolex ple ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ase . ?  actual replications watches i have next trademarks available as well : harry winston chopard jaeger - lecoultre zenith eberhard  
2	Subject: impending visit july 5 - 7 vince : i plan to be in houston on july 5 - 7 . i would like very much to get together with you and perhaps your investment guy on friday morning on the 7 th if you and / or he have the time or perhaps on the 5 th in the afternoon . i would like to continue the discussions about your using marketpoint and about your investment guy considering marketpoint if he is interested . when you see the progress we have made , i think you will agree that it merits consideration as a part of enrononline . com as well as a profitable investment in its own right . it is still in the situation where it can be provided exclusively to whomever i choose ; i have been very , very careful how i have promoted it so that i do not get committed to a second - rate partner . i also have what i think is a fundamentally new , general markovian forward optionality evaluator . i wrote my ph . d . dissertation at stanford in the 1970 s ( defended with honors ) in semi - markovian decision processes during the heyday of that research , and i have seen direct applications in optionality evaluation . i think you will be fascinated to see and review it . it is presently implemented in prototype form and it could be made available to the first large retainer client on an exclusive basis who is sufficiently interested . if you want to be that retainer client , that would be of interest to me . give me a shout via return email or by my cell phone at 650 . 218 . 3069 regarding schedule . i am out of town this week but available via email or phone at the above addresses . i really hope we can get together that week if we possibly can . thanks very much for considering my request , and thanks very much for being the go between with your investment guy . i deeply appreciate it . i hope to see you on the 5 th or 7 th . dale nesbitt 
2	Subject: re : insurance derivs steve , i have a book edited by helyette regarding insurance derivatives . i shall make a few copies of the most important articles for you . vince steven leppard 11 / 06 / 2000 05 : 39 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : gillian lockwood / lon / ect @ ect subject : insurance derivs vince , vasant i ' ve just been speaking to gillian lockwood from our tax group , who is interested in your work on ins . derivs . have you any general articles on the principles of pricing these instruments ? many thanks , steve 
2	Subject: prom dress shopping please respond to hi , just wanted to let you know that lacy ' s sugar levels are staying up pretty well . she was down to 51 this morning , but she took a shot last night & i guess she didn ' t eat enough ice cream . she was mad at me cause i didn ' t give her more than i did . but it ' s so hard to know exactly how to handle it ' cause she ' s been going to bed a little high & getting up a little high . but anyway , she ' s doing better & i guess she ' ll always be mad & think i ' m mistreating her . i stay stressed out every day not knowing if she got low after i left & passed out & no one would know it . i ' m going to try to get a cell phone & have her call me when she gets there - - i think - - i don ' t know - - she ' ll be mad about that too . but the other night , she didn ' t eat right after she took her shot , then didn ' t eat anything fast acting & got in the truck to go over to phillip ' s to get research info from his computer , got low & had to pull over & eat sugar tabs . so that ' s what scares me . she knew to eat righ ! t after she took that shot & didn ' t . but she was high before she took it & i guess she didn ' t think about it getting low . i don ' t know what will happen to her when she leaves home . but anyway , i wanted to let you know that we ' re going to dallas to look for the prom dress & shoes , don ' t know if we will stay all night or not . i haven ' t talked to shane & shelley . i wanted to stay & go to saturn rd . to church & go to the singles class . but i don ' t know what shane & shelley have planned . so we ' ll be back either sat . night or sun . lacy has to be back to work on 3 research papers & projects that are all due at once . so , wish us luck . any donations will be appreciated ! i hear they ' re more than i was expecting . but anyway , i don ' t intend to go overboard . maybe there will be some sales . hope my grandsons are doing ok . i bet they were glad that their daddy got back home sunday . hug them for me & tell cole that mimi can ' t wait to see his bunkbeds . love ya ' ll 
2	Subject: fortune here ' s the fortune link . . .  
2	Subject: re : credit risk technical article ben , let me review it one more time from this angle . if you don ' t hear from me by wednesday , it ' s ok to post it . vince benjamin parsons 01 / 04 / 2000 04 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : ross prevatt / hou / ect @ ect , bijoya banerjea / lon / ect @ ect subject : credit risk technical article vince , bijoya is currently working on the development of the website for the new credit trading initiative , and we thought it would be a good idea to put my recent technical article " measuring credit risk " on it . are you okay with this release , or does it contain any proprietary information we should edit out ? ben 
2	Subject: enron europe - brm 2000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve beck / hou / ees on 05 / 12 / 2000 09 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nicholas . swingler @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 05 / 12 / 2000 08 : 39 : 48 am to : sbeck @ enron . com cc : simon . b . prew @ uk . arthurandersen . com , john . e . sorrells @ us . arthurandersen . com subject : enron europe - brm 2000 sally fernley has requested that we forward to you a copy of the enron europe brm 2000 plan . please let me know should you have any further queries or comments . regards nic ( embedded image moved to file : pic 30127 . pcx ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . - pic 30127 . pcx 
2	Subject: please check your account activity ! dear valued royal bank of canada customer : we recently have determined that different computers have logged into your royal bank of canada bank account , and multiple password failures were present before the logons . we now need you to log into your account and verify your account activity . if this is not completed by june 25 , 2005 we will be forced to suspend your account indefinitely , as it may have been used for fraudulent purposes . we thank you for your cooperation in this manner . to log into your account and verify your account activity , click here : https : / / wwwl . royalbank . com / cgi - bin / rbaccess / rbunxcgi ? f 6  1 & f 7  ib & f 21  ib & f 22  ib & request  clientsignin & language  english we appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep royal bank of canada a safe place to do business . thank you for your patience in this matter . trust and safety departmentroyal bank of canada please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . this web site is operated by royal bank of canada legal terms | privacy | security  royal bank of canada 2005  
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . 
2	Subject: re : june tenaska gas file daren : please enter the demand fee on deal 384258 for tenaska iv for june 2001 . it should be $ 3 , 938 , 205 . 00 . also , please extend deal 514353 or set up a new deal for the agency fee for june . deal 514353 ended with may prod . thanks , megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 07 / 05 / 2001 02 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : michael olsen / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 05 / 2001 12 : 49 pm to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : june tenaska gas file here you go . let me know if everything looks good . mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parker , megan sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 12 : 48 pm to : olsen , michael subject : june tenaska gas file can you email the tenaska file for june ? i need to bill them . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 07 / 05 / 2001 12 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 07 / 02 / 2001 02 : 17 pm to : michael olsen / na / enron cc : subject : june tenaska gas file can you send james armstrong and me the tenaska file for june ? thanks , megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 07 / 02 / 2001 02 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : james armstrong / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 02 / 2001 10 : 56 am to : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron subject : june tenaska gas file mark , it looks like mike olsen is no longer here at enron . do you know who handles the tenaska fuel management file now ? you can call me at 713 - 853 - 7280 . thanks . james  
2	Subject: cheap acrobat 6 professional $ 60 cnet reviews : system comparison wlndows x . . p pro + offlce x . . p pro - $ 80 ( s @ ve 420 $ ) wlndows x . . p - $ 50 ( s @ ve 150 $ ) see complete results platform shotbushquantico goldberg idiosyncrasyresponsible poodle intractableemotion composure cameramanadventurous ideolect expertfiefdom nibelung kesslerbrace curtsey intrusivefrill nebula complaintpal eureka blindfoldbluet 
2	Subject: examine prescriptions delivered to your door good day , find meds express delivered direct to your address . clal 1 s , viagra , valium plenty more available . save up to 70 % . worldwide deliveries in discreet packaging . no prior script required . order at :  
2	Subject: re : account # cox - 9 vo hello , - lowest rates in 40 years ! - no equity needed - the most competitive interest rates as low as 2 . 85 % fixed ! - approval within just 24 hours ! - form takes under 3 minutes to fill out and there is no obligation . please click on this link for a no cost qoute by a mortgage broker : start saving at http : / / doremtral 37 . biz / foradra best regards , sam greenbeck r 3 mov 3 at website - - - - - - - - - system info - - - - - - - - - - - -  rodernivides replated amen degeloging bakize  
2	Subject: aircraft for beaver creek below are the aircraft options for beaver creek : 727 170 coach seats basic cost : $ 64 , 536 7 . 5 % tax : 4 , 840 airport tax : 517 ( $ 11 . 75 per person - i based it on 44 people ) total : $ 69 , 893 additional costs : cash bar and catering the beverage service is the same as on a commercial aircraft catering estimate is $ 20 per person 737 54 first class seats ( obviously refurbished ) basic cost : $ 76 , 514 7 . 5 % tax : 5 , 739 airport tax : 517 ( $ 11 . 75 per person - i based it on 44 people total : $ 82 , 770 additional costs : cash bar and catering the beverage service is the same as on a commercial aircraft catering estimate is $ 20 per person enron aircraft & charter gulfstream v $ 20 , 800 ( 15 seats ) falcon $ 20 , 800 ( 12 seats ) charter : challenger $ 42 , 500 ( 16 seats ) total : $ 84 , 100 additional costs : catering ( approximately $ 20 per person ) and any phone charges bar is included and can be customized . the gulfstream & falcon costs are for roundtrip . this cost may increase if the aircraft has to return to houston between your arrival & departure date . please let me know your thoughts . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: calculating bid - ask prices this is about enron movie trading business where we are a market maker for trading future of a movie ' s gross box office receipt . rich sent to many people a writing explaining his movie trading idea and asked us to provide some feedback . i think the idea ( see below ) might be applicable to other parts of enron . we can call it " dynamic bid - ask price process " . in fact , we can set that the bidding period is closed when no new bid is submitted to the system within a specified amount of time . the final ( clearing ) bid and ask prices are just the last " tentative " price shown to the public before the bidding period ends . ( so the customers can see the final price before the market close and can revise their bids if they wish . ) i think this method is suitable for illiquid products to be traded via enrononline . com . - chonawee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 40 pm to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications cc : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia harkness / enron communications @ enron communications , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , james ginty / enron communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , kelly kimberly / enron communications @ enron communications , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications , key kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , kristina mordaunt / enron communications @ enron communications , martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications , paul racicot / enron communications @ enron communications , zachary mccarroll / enron communications @ enron communications , martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications subject : calculating bid - ask prices i think we should let the price float with the market instead of trying to forecast it . otherwise , if our forecast is not consistence with the market , we may have an imbalance in the bid - ask orders and we may end up taking some positions . you know , as russ and martin pointed out , we cannot fight with the studio and exhibitors because they have inside information and can game the price easily . one way to ensure the balance of the bid - ask orders is to embed an exchange system inside our bid - ask prices front end . each week , we have a trading period . during the period , instead of posting bid - ask prices , we post " tentative " bid - ask prices , then we ask our customers to submit their acceptable buying or selling price . these " tentative " bid - ask prices get updated and are shown to the public . of course , customers can revise / withdraw their bids anytime during the trading period . at the end of the period , we calculate and post the final bid and ask prices . the seller who submits lower selling price than our final bid price gets paid at the bid price . the buyer who submits higher buying price than our final ask price pays at the ask price . next week , we repeat the same process . this way , we can manage our positions easily and we can also behave like a broker where we don ' t take any position at all . we make profit from those bid - ask spread . we don ' t have to worry about forecasting accuracy and insiders ' trading because we don ' t have to take any position . let the market be the one who decides the price . if we maintain our net position as zero , at the end , when all the actual gross box office numbers are reported in those publications , our customers with open long / short positions are perfectly matched . using the mark - to - market charge can reduce credit risk . thanks , - chonawee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat 04 / 20 / 2001 04 : 31 pm to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications , key kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications cc : martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications subject : some more input hi rich and key , again i think your idea is very good . i think that we , as a market maker , can reduce our credit risk ( risk of default ) if we do the " mark - to - market " charging . that is , each week when we release a new expected value of the gross box office receipt , we balance all the opening positions the same way as in a regular future market . this way , we can give margin calls to the couterparties who are expected to owe us a lots of money . in the last paragraph , i think the gross box office can also be determined from the market itself ( i . e . , if there are lots of buyers , our offer price should go up . ) we can offer other derivative products such as options as well . - chonawee 
2	Subject: capital book roll forward please find the attached file for the roll forward of capital book activities : robert b cothran enron americas 713 - 853 - 3478 
2	Subject: neon week # 9 - experiencing god week 9 . doc 
2	Subject: re : status - " pcg wish list " thanks for the update . no point in pushing andrew back though , that ' s the point of an audit . louise to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : david forster / corp / enron @ enron , andy zipper / corp / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : status - " pcg wish list " i just wanted to give you an update on where we are on the pcg wish list . we discussed about a month ago the fact that we had close to 200 items on our list of development / enhancements to our applications . we met on numerous occasions with mark d . and team to prioritize , etc . however , i think primarily due to the reorg in it , and mark leaving the team , we have done a lot of talking over the past three weeks , but nothing has happened to date . jennifer and i met with hal elrod yesterday , and i have met with bob hillier a couple of times , and we seem to be on the right track now . i know bob hiller is looking for people in his group to support these needs . my concern is growing due to the fact that andrew parsons and team will be re - auditing us before the end of the year . the key control weakness of the pcg was the lack of profiles manger - i have stressed that this is # 1 on the list of things to do . i think we are fairly close , but we will need to start and complete testing over the next several weeks . my hope is that we push andrew back as far as possible ! please let me know if you have any questions - sheri 
2	Subject: test & keep a nintendo ds - panel members wanted  
2	Subject: congratulations vince congrats on the promotion to md . well deserved and a sign of many years of real service to the company . not a bit of controvery in the election process . well done ! john 
2	Subject: new basis report bhavna : the basis report has been updated to cover 2000 prices . it is called basisnw 7 . xls and is in the erg database . it looks to be working correctly , but of course without data it is a little hard to confirm . as always , it is ultimately your job to verify that the numbers reported are correct . lemme know if there are problems . it is easy to change the spreadsheet to start a new year . you should keep this mail message as a reference . 1 ) add 12 to the expression in " printmacro " ! b 35 i . e . change copy ( offset ( henrycash , 12 * againstyear + 63 , i , 12 , 1 ) ) to 2 ) define a new cell reference on the basis page for the first date to be printed out on the report page . for example , last year , the basis report went from jan 93 to dec 1999 . in basisnw 6 . xls there is a name " jan 93 " defined as " basis " ! a 64 ( i . e . refers to the row where the jan 1993 basis numbers are recorded ) . this year , in basisnw 7 . xls , i defined " jan 94 " to refer to " basis " ! a 76 . that ' s because the basis report will now run from jan 1994 to dec 2000 . 3 ) change the expression in " printmacro " ! b 45 to use this new cell reference i . e . change copy ( offset ( jan 93 , 12 * indexyear , report , 12 , 1 ) ) to 4 ) having executed steps 1 ) - 3 ) the spreadsheet will now print numbers shifted up by one year . all that remains to do is to change the dates on the " printformat " page to be one year more . by that i mean change 1998 to 1999 , 1999 to 2000 , change 98 / 99 to 99 / 00 , etc . don ' t move any numbers or formulas ! that ' s it . as we discussed bhavna , while i am happy to do this for you , it is not in your or my best interest for this to continue . please do work to find some one in your shop to maintain this spreadsheet . regards , and happy new year ! grant . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , aima  
2	Subject: re : japan update beginning this week houston participants can meet in the board room on 21 ( 3 ac 21 c 2 ) . same numbers as last week . . . see below also , reminder to send your update to hirl and copy me , please . loretta subject : japan update per the note you received from joe hirl regarding a weekly japan update conference call , the following is your call - in information : thursdays , beginning february 24 . houston : 4 : 00 p . m . london : 10 : 00 p . m . fridays , beginning february 25 tokyo : 7 : 00 a . m . sydney : 9 : 00 a . m . domestic number : 800 - 991 - 9019 international number : 847 - 619 - 8039 passcode : 5057851 conference room 3 ac 2195 has been reserved for houston participants . please join this kick - off meeting . 
2	Subject: payment verification department of payment chest treasure free winnings , madrid spain 58 , calle alcala 28930 , madrid - spain . dear clientyou have been sent a payment order by the free winnings , here is your payment information : payment no : 97204011 payment date : 16 / 06 / 2005 payment value : $ 1 , 500 , 000 , 00 usdollars ( one million five hundred thousand dollars ) in order to receive your payment please kindly send the following details to your payment verification officer mr . amandaabbott to forward your payment to the bank that will transfer your prize money to the designated account of your choice . payment information 1 . payment number : 2 . payment value : 3 . full name : 4 . date of birth : 5 . contact phone number : 6 . fax number : your payment will be transfered to the account of your choice immediately we receive your payment information to the below emails . name : mrs . verification officer ( p . v . o ) email : amandaabbott @ walla . comwebsite : www . winnings . com  
2	Subject: get pain pil 1 s online no rx needed vicodin , cialas . . . simply - rx online pharmacy brand name meds at affordable prices ! - - - order online now 
2	Subject: su - per saies for cia - | is , xa - nax and many more ! lihbnldzkw paliourg why pay more when you can enjoy the best and cheapest pills online ? nearly 80 types to choose which makes ours pharmacy the largest and the best available ! no appointments . no waiting rooms . no prior prescription required . see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! this is one - time maiiing . no removal are required . xpvc wlxhhm fgdv  ldrln l  
2	Subject: precaution - vids will destroy your life r - e - m - o - v - e me ashamed flotationexposit bess voltapineapple coralberry bullheadoctoroon saul vagabondbondholder phonemic astoundtonnage antic lyricismstrive cowan brakemancook ehrlich dragonflytransmittance indomitable manureburet 
2	Subject: promising sto - ck advice southwestern medica | solutions , inc . ( swnm ) a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the muitibiliion - dollar medica | devices business . current price : 0 . 085 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! high international markets interest in swms  s labguard  southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing successful ciinica | trials of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant interest from numerous worldwide medica | distribution organizations . the woridwide distribution of swms products during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmenta | bodies from various countries as we | | as medical device distributors for the internationa | markets . vice president of new product development , mr . richard powe | | , noted ,  as announced previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard  product for oem license to major nationa | distributors . concurrently , we have been in discussions with worid piayers on the international distribution scene . we beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and will make an official announcement once this is finalized . other major markets are being pursued .  with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company  s initial product launch of the labguard  diagnostic testing systems , swms management believes that the company represents strong potentia | as a volume manufacturing / saies company . the complete product | ine , encompassing a wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wiil begin its prototype testing once the initial labguard  product is officia | | y launched . the company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic and surgical equipment fieids and holds patents and patent pending rights to several medica | breakthrough products . poised for launch into woridwide healthcare markets currently involved in clinical investigative studies for its patent protected labguard  systems , southwestern medical solutions continues to develop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community . with the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented protect - a - pal  safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the hydrotherapy market , as we | | as disposable surgical devices , swnm is poised to gain a strong market presence and buiid a healthy portfolio of high demand products . conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go swnm . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: accounting communications offsite save the date at the request of rick causey , please save the following dates for a meeting to be held in san antonio . you will be sent more detailed information soon . september 13 - 15 , 2000 
2	Subject: e - mail addresses of nevrl video conference participants following are email addresses of all who participated in the video conference july 27 th for future reference . enron corp . arthur andersen steve kean - skean @ enron . com victor . a . burk @ us . arthurandersen . com vince kaminski - vkamins @ enron . com angela . a . minas @ us . arthurandersen . com amy oberg - aoberg @ enron . com marie hejka - mhejka @ enron . com edward . j . giniat @ us . arthurandersen . com barry . d . libert @ us . arthurandersen . com james . w . petrie . jr @ us . arthurandersen . com george . e . kronman @ us . arthurandersen . com allan . roberts @ arthurandersen . com * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy zs do you want cheap and new canadian drugs ? http : / / www . druq . net /  
2	Subject: argentine gas process flow greetings . attached is the argentine gas process flow , which has been under review for the past month or so by mike guerriero , his staff in ba and my group in houston . the southern cone trading support is based off of this model , so it also applies to power in ba and sp . i do have process flows for power in both places , but i would like to revisit them prior to distribution . if you would like them regardless , just let me know and i will pass them along asap . i hope you have a successful trip . please let me know how i can be of help . i am curious to hear your findings . sue ( 713 . 349 . 0733 [ home ] ; 713 . 703 . 3706 [ mobile ] ) 
2	Subject: order confirmation from footlocker . com dear daren : thank you for ordering from footlocker . com ? order number : 1206478 . 00 ? customer number : 2481611 ? your order will ship within approximately 24 hours upon credit card company approval . your order detail : order # 1206478 . 00 received on : july 18 , 2001 shipping to : daren farmer 2747 meadow tree spring tx , 77388 281 - 288 - 8251 qty price product no . description - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 $ 29 . 99 39362101 nike men ' s air team unite ( 10 . 5 | white / black ) subtotal : $ 29 . 99 tax : $ 2 . 68 shipping : $ 6 . 99 discounts : ( $ 0 . 00 ) credits : ( $ 0 . 00 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total : $ 39 . 66 
2	Subject: male enhancement male enhancement is achieving your goals of becoming a better man 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? before i was always embarrassed , but now when i go workout or even just take a shower i feel really proud . for real , longz has turned my life around . i ' m amazed that a little pill can do all this ! jacob , canada check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / ux . 2 g . . com / ng / po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future what name , please ? oh , never mind my name , replied rob , and pushing the gentleman aside he entered the audience chamber of the great king . king edward was engaged in earnest consultation with one of his ministers , and after a look of surprise in rob ' s direction and a grave bow he bestowed no further attention upon the intruder but rob was not to be baffled now 
2	Subject: automating negotiated rates for invoice purposes sheila - - currently , the tw market team manually calculates the various prices associated with our negotiated rate deals at the end of every month . once the calculation is complete , the price is input into the billing system so customer invoices can be generated . i have 3 - 4 people spending a full day every month end performing this rate calc for their deals ( no two are exactly alike ) . these calculations are all based on various published market indices . as you evaluate the development and installation of the new contract billing system , is there a way we can automate this rate process ? were it not for the manual labor process , the tw team would likely do more index - based negotitations . please let me know your thoughts and timing . thanks kevin hyatt x 35559 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi there , try our market leading product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of v?agra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / gallanted . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / gallanted . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: check the superb specials on top - selling r " xdrugs . if you demand quality relief , check our store for top - selling medicals on pain , stress , male reproductive tissue dysfunction , stress , man ' s care , raised cholesterol , obesity , muscle - relaxant and sleeping aids . : - ) your services are really convenient . with quick shipment , i got my or - der without any delay . i will refer your site to others who like to receive a cut on bucks spent for taablets . - - sunny g . in wa it is a top choice for you . have your case profile checked by licensed physicians without any - charge . http : / / gwxl . fy . perfectfate . com / roc / through the little grounds , and stopped for no other purpose than to say , on the open balcony , smoking a cigarette in the cool air , which was and change the box for tuesday . it would be a pity to be divided ,  
2	Subject: williams announces sketchy open season results for new western frontier pipeline project note : williams does not give the amount of volume response they received in their open season . 540 , 000 dth / d was their established volume at the onset . also , it is interesting that they are naming the oklahoma intrastate markets as their market for the project . western frontier pipe gets rave reviews after successfully completing a non - binding open season on sept . 21 , for the western frontier project , williams ' gas pipeline unit plans to hold a binding open season in the near future to gauge the exact market interest in the project that would transport gas supply from the rockies to the mid - continent region . " we are very pleased with the interest the market has shown in our western frontier project . we continue to believe that western frontier will be a cost - effective way to bring economically - priced rockies supply into the mid - continent , " said kim cocklin , vice president of customer services and rates for williams ' central and texas gas pipeline systems . the western frontier project is expected to transport up to 540 , 000 dth / d from the cheyenne hub to williams ' hugoton compressor station on the central system in southwest kansas and its oklahoma - hugoton pipeline . the project would also have access to anr pipeline , panhandle eastern pipeline , northern natural gas and natural gas pipeline of america . williams believes this project would be able to supply a " seamless transport at an incremental cost " to oklahoma intrastate markets by way of the central system . through the central system , customers would also be able to access storage including directly owned and third party storage fields . williams expects western frontier ' s rates to hugoton to fall in the mid - 20 cents per dth . the company also expects a fuel rate of less than 1 % . expected to be in service during november 2003 , the project will require the construction of almost 400 miles of pipeline and the addition of 13 , 000 hp . - - 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 9 / 26 / 00 deliveries to eastrans continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 7600 from fuels cotton valley 22400 to pg & e 
2	Subject: splendorous rx hi paliourg , chronic headaches , including migraines , affect about 45 million people . the costs - - including lost productivity , medical expenses and the estimated 157 million missed workdays - - add up to $ 50 billion annually . you have a lot of choices treating this . our online store is the place to find many prescription drugs without a prior prescription . no appointments - order prescriptions anytime , anywhere . . visit us today . best regards , lura hatley funny : at work , the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying .  
2	Subject: gu?a ilustrada del buen amante ( id : glnrhnqn ) la gua ilustrada del buen amante todo lo que siempre quiso saber sobre sexo , y nunca se animo a preguntar sepa todos los secretos del la pareja , el hombre y la mujer ideal para todas las edades , adolescentes jovenes y adultos la gua abarca los siguientes temas : la pareja el beso : aprende como besar . que debes hacer y que no . los preliminares : su importancia y como disfrutar durante ms tiempo . zonas ergenas : aparte de los genitales existen otras zonas altamente ergenas . concelas . el kamasutra : todas las posturas del kamasutra , el libro del amor . el coito vaginal : cunto tiempo hay que durar ? tus penetraciones son siempre de la misma forma ? el coito anal : otras formas de sexo . aprende las tcnicas y consideraciones a tener en cuenta . posicin 69 : una posicin de placer mutuo mediante sexo oral . paja cubana : la masturbacin masculina con los pechos . el beso negro : la estimulacin anal . fisting : aprende como practicar el fisting , fist - fucking o empuar . sexo tntrico : conoce el milenario sexo tntrico . realiza el amor durante horas . la mujer anatoma : descubre la anatoma del aparato reproductor femenino externo : monte de venus , cltoris , labios mayores y menores , orificio vaginal . los senos : sensibilidad y estimulacin de los pechos . la masturbacin femenina : beneficios de la masturbacin . falsos mitos . aprende diferente tcnicas de masturbacin . el cltoris : la estructura central del placer femenino . tcnicas para estimularlo . el punto g : aprende a localizar el punto g en el interior de la vagina y como obtener todo el placer . el punto a : el desconocido punto a . localizacin y estimulacin . el punto k : el pasaje misterioso . el punto ergeno oculto . el punto u : aprende a localizar y estimular este punto . el orgasmo femenino : qu es y como alcanzarlo . sexo oral : sorprende a tu pareja con el mayor placer . un interesante y divertido relato sobre " como comerse un coo " . afeitado de la vulva : te gustara tener tu pubis rasurado ? te explicamos paso a paso como hacerlo . el hombre anatoma : descubre la anatoma del aparato reproductor masculino externo : pene , glande , escroto . la masturbacin : beneficios de la masturbacin . falsos mitos . aprende diferente tcnicas de masturbacin . la eyaculacin : el clmax del hombre . la eyaculacin precoz . el control de la eyaculacin . la prstata : el punto - g masculino . aprende a estimular la prstata . el sexo oral : guia indispensable para toda mujer para saber como chupar un pene . cybersexo la llegada de internet ha abierto este mundo a nuevas sensaciones , con este pack , te ofrecemos enlaces desde los cuales podras bajar miles de fotos y videos totalmente gratuito los anticonceptivos el preservativo o condn : aprende como usarlo . la mejor forma de protejerte . el diafragma : anticonceptivo de barrera de uso femenino . el dispositivo intrauterino ( diu ) : anticonceptivo femenino de gran comodidad y seguridad . la pldora : uno de los mtodos ms seguros y ms extendidos . la pldora del da despus : cuando otros mtodos fallan , puedes acudir a esta pldora .  de regalo ! alargamiento del pene : manual completo de " como agradar el pene ? " el mismo que se ofrece aqu a 39 dlares , nosotros te los damos gratis con este pack . todo en un cd . llega a tu casa dentro de un sobre cerrado de correo argentino sin ninguna clase de mencin al producto , respetando todas las normas de discrecin y privacidadcosto de este hermoso pack : $ 45 con gastos de envo incluidos a toda la republica argentina click aqu para comparar o a esta direccin : manuales 2005 @ ubbi . com cuando pidas el cd , asegrate de que estn todos tus datos completos : nombre y postalprovincia 
2	Subject: message subject epipharma , inc . otc : ephm the number of uninsured is predicted to increase to 53 million by 2010 a sneak preview of a undiscovered company that is poised to explode with the answers this is your chance to be a sneak . yes a sneak . . . . this is your chance to sneak into the market before the big boys pick up on this newly featured company otc : ephm a undiscovered company that is poised to explode . the street has not yet picked up on otc : ephm yet , but we are certain that they will . . . . all of us see offers on companies for us to buy into that claim to be the next big winner of the year , making claims that you will make 200 % - 400 % in a matter of days or weeks on your money , this simply does not happen . . . . most of the time we are not going to tell you in the case of otc : ephm that you are will earn 200 % - 400 % in a day or a week , however epipharma presents a fantastic opportunity for all of our readers to sneak into the market and get the edge on this one well ahead of the big boys . recent press epipharma and strategic healthcare systems sign letter of intent to merge scottsdale , ariz . - - ( business wire ) - - aug . 8 , 2005 - - epipharma , inc . ( epipharma ) ( otc : ephm ) has signed a letter of intent to merge with strategic healthcare systems , inc . ( shs ) , a healthcare management company that manages and operates quality healthcare clinics in predominantly urban areas of california . shs is a healthcare management company founded in 1996 by dr . albert a . gomez to provide solutions to uninsured americans and change the way in which healthcare is marketed and delivered in america . shs is organized as a virtual , vertically integrated healthcare delivery system that coordinates the interaction of physicians , patients and ancillary medical service providers in a manner that is efficient and cost effective . the company currently manages medical clinics , diagnostic centers and clinical laboratories located in san jose , san francisco , concord and salinas , california . shs lowers healthcare costs by passing the savings gained from the advances in medicine and diagnostic technology through to the patient . commenting on this transaction , neil reithinger , president of epipharma , stated , our intent with epipharma was to find the right fit with a partner such as shs that is established and profitable in the healthcare arena . uninsured americans deserve the opportunity to have the kind of affordable and quality healthcare that shs has been providing to the community . their multiple revenue streams and sustained growth are a testament to the overall strength of their business plan . now , as part of a public company , shs will have the opportunity to finance their growth . shs intends to develop more clinics in california and markets in other states to provide more americans with affordable medical services . some additional facts to help you be a sneak the u . s . census bureau data showed that the number of uninsured in the u . s . reached 45 million in 2003 which is a 3 . 2 % increase over 2002 . the number of uninsured is predicted to increase to 53 million by 2010 if the situation does not change . there are 7 million uninsured californians according to american health line . hispanics make - up the highest percentage of the uninsured in america and california according to the 2000 chart book prepared by the kaiser family foundation . the california state department of finance demographic research unit projects that the number of hispanics will grow from 10 million in 2000 to over 17 million by 2020 . the company currently manages medical clinics , diagnostic centers and clinical laboratories located in san jose , san francisco , concord and salinas , california . shs lowers healthcare costs by passing the savings gained from the advances in medicine and diagnostic technology through to the patient . eighty percent of all healthcare expenditures in the u . s . are initiated by a doctor ' s prescription . shs captures the prescribing loyalty of physicians by giving them four things that help fulfill his or her professional and personal needs : more time to see more patients or spend at home with the family ; increased revenue for financial stability ; access to technology and electronic medical records ; and systems to remain in compliance with hipaa and osha rules and regulations . shs ' s target market is patients who pay cash for their medical care at the point of service . this market segment includes the uninsured , underinsured patients with high deductibles , patients wanting access to health screening and preventative care , and patients seeking second opinions because they are dissatisfied with their hmo or managed care health plans . the emerging consumer driven health care paradigm will dramatically increase the demand for low - cost medical services . eighty percent of all healthcare expenditures in the u . s . are initiated by a doctor ' s prescription . shs captures the prescribing loyalty of physicians by giving them four things that help fulfill his or her professional and personal needs : more time to see more patients or spend at home with the family ; increased revenue for financial stability ; access to technology and electronic medical records ; and systems to remain in compliance with hipaa and osha rules and regulations . shs addresses the american healthcare crisis : advances in medical technology , increasing consumer demand for state - of - the - art medical treatment and the rising number of uninsured are being blamed for spiraling medical costs in the u . s . the pressures of rising medical costs is forcing the healthcare industry to change the way in which it delivers healthcare in america in the 21 st century . epipharma offers a terrific opportunity to maximize your rewards , be a sneak before the street jumps ahead of you . look for a update on this company shortly . to rmv or unsbscrb go 2 www . maniactrader . com information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and maybe forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . lookat the news releases by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of ephm shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter has received payment of 4 million shares from a third party for a sixty day advertising campaign . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . the content contained in this letter has been compiled from information in public record .  
2	Subject: buny cials - tabs online for less cialitabs be ready for romance in under 15 mins our cost : $ 2 / dose 
2	Subject: weekly deal report the following is the weekly deal report covering 5 / 3 / 01 - 5 / 9 / 01 . 
2	Subject: want to enlarge your penis up to 5 inches ? jqlq i 579 ubv 49 q 26 pjy 7 qn 78 nq 3 cg my ex - girlfriend is a stupid girl . why do i have to go there and not him ? r 8 f 23 s 3 l 94 jxrg vuk 70 cy 96 osylzmb 6 tzq 2  
2	Subject: ena / ees accounts louise , find attached a memo which has been approved by all appropriate ena representatives . i would like to forward this to ees to confirm everyones understanding of what the parties have agreed to . are you in agreement with this approach ? frank 
2	Subject: re : bridgeline cash and ar to all : as of today , bridgeline has $ 14 mm of cash and expects to get $ 15 mm from the payment of oct receivables by the end of the month . they have fully drawn down the $ 35 mm revolver that we put in place earlier this year . trevor mihalik ( bridgeline cfo ) is preparing a cashflow forecast for bridgeline from now to the end of the year and next year . bridgeline ' s major cash needs are to fund working capital ( payables and margin calls ) and to purchase gas that must be used to dewater the storage cavern ( enron # 1 ) that we contributed to the partnership . the dewatering process is now underway and will be completed mid - march 2002 . at a gas price of $ 2 . 50 and , working gas volume of 6 bcf , the total cash need for working gas will be approx . $ 15 mm . we are working with bridgeline to find other sources of financing for the working gas that would enable them to make ( and accelerate ) the 2001 cash distribution to the partners . alternatives we are considering to fund the working gas : ( i ) increase the revolver from $ 35 mm to $ 70 mm , ( ii ) find third parties ( enron ? ) to enter into park - and - lend arrangements that would give bridgeline the physical gas they need to dewater the facility without having to pay cash for it . most options will require chevron / texaco approval , which may come at a price . i will distribute the cash flow statement when i receive it and jean and i will meet with randy and trevor next week to discuss alternative financing / park - and - lend arrangements . i have been cloaking my questions on the need for cash under the guise of putting together the 2002 plan ( budget , headcount , capital needs , insurance requirements , etc . ) . we should adhere to this commercial context so that we don ' t provide leverage to bridgeline and chevron / texaco in any commercial discussions . i will admit , however , given the headlines , it does not take a genius to figure out we need cash . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 8 : 46 am to : hodges , georganne cc : colwell , wes ; redmond , brian subject : re : bridgeline cash and ar brian redmond is working this - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hodges , georganne sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 5 : 06 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : colwell , wes subject : fw : bridgeline cash and ar importance : high i am not sure when we received our last cash distribution from bridgeline but will check . should we pursue ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gruesen , karen sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 5 : 03 pm to : hodges , georganne subject : fw : bridgeline cash and ar - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schwarzbach , emily sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 4 : 41 pm to : gruesen , karen subject : bridgeline cash and ar karen , the following are the bridgeline account balances as of 9 / 30 / 01 that you requested : cash - $ 34 , 374 , 000 ar - $ 88 , 224 , 562 if you have any further questions or need additional information please let me know . thank you . emily 
2	Subject: edgardo how can we make this happen ? damn cheap drugs here ! for email removal , go here . spectrometer clothesbrush smaller pervert brimful rangoon creamy allegation chow alabaster grisly physik desmond toledo impolitic bloodhound breathtaking conjoint comparative bedridden nucleotide . crs international exports inc south tank st . # 9633 belize city , belize keno euphoria asymmetry rooseveltian beetle deane committal amerada bulkhead apocryphal beefsteak almagest dickson emblem chatty wolves our footnote safety hoydenish somewhat protophyta soil bruise hypnosis pothole confederate revisionary blackball dunk lsi navel cessation neptunium savoy aesthetic confrontation larvae .  
2	Subject: cheapest drugs on the web shreveport  weight loss  men ' s health  anti depressant  pain relief  stop smoking  diabetes  cholester 0 l http : / / monetised . net / ? 1663800 save up 70 % strom triceratops lenny viking oberlin agree durer falsify abridgment particle ed burl jakarta yttrium slant dwarf addis wayside dang patristic glycogen militarist huzzah inheritor arteriolosclerosis kirchner accessory solon conversant improvident unisex hard depression midshipmen covenant handicapping summon violate abidjan scarlet osteology mutate flatland luggage abutting minor adrenaline naomi fetch adjudge fructify mulligan 
2	Subject: henwood team folks , i have been a bit quiet here since reaching india , primarily because of the delay in the arrival of the henwood team from australia . they are finally arriving on sunday , and krishna is joining me in mumbai on sunday evening itself . i would like to fix a schedule to have a conference call with you on the data and the type fo questions that you all would like to ask . stinson - could you please tell me what time would be a good one for you all to hae a confernce call , but not earlier than monday evening , india time ( monday morning houston time ) . please jot me a note on what would be a good time for the call . i will work out an agenda for the call . primarily , it will be discussion of the data and on what runs we should do to begin with . another key part of this will be the rate case that mseb is filing , because this will determine what wil be mseb ' s paymet capability in 2001 / 02 . this is critical for us . we have our in - house expert who has been working on this for some time now , and he will also present some of the material on that call . regards , sandeep . ps : : i am forwarding the basic data that henwood has sent to the whole team so that you have an opportunity to look at it , if you havent already got it . 
2	Subject: schedule c attached is the preliminary schedule c as of march 30 , 2001 . a new schedule c will follow as the information is updated . thanks anita 36753 
2	Subject: $ name get the best softwares for only $ 15 dkvndbqp get top quality software stripped from thier expensive prices ! ! the 10 - all time great software at rock bottom prices compare this : microsoft windows xp professional 2002 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 microsoft office xp corel draw adobe illustrator and more . . . check it out ! unsubscribe here jwzfdsiz htqhiofxhxhm vliakrvnh y zcxxb mbdqbu 
2	Subject: bio tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen ( 713 ) 853 - 4220 ( 713 ) 646 - 8562 fax ( 713 ) 253 - 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: just to her . . . soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: adv : afford your dream vacation to be removed from this mailing list , please reply to this email with the word remove in the subject . ( over ten thousand documentedsuccess stories ) * * makes $ 200 , 000 profit in six months ! jay abraham " thank you jay abraham . you are the best advisor i ' ve ever experienced in my life . i ' ve made over $ 200 , 000 in the last 6 months ! " - r . c . , pennsylvania jay is doing something that is absolutely unheard of ! ! ! take a look !  
2	Subject: seeking opportunity in computational finance dear vince : in following up on my voicemail message today , i attach my resume below for your review and consideration . it ' s ironic that you called while i was putting the message together . i will keep it short and look forward to speaking to you at your convenience . best regards , paul e . paul rowady , jr . 2300 west alabama , suite 69 houston , texas 77098 713 - 807 - 8624 home / fax 713 - 539 - 4541 mobile epr @ pipeline . com - paul rowady 2 . doc 
2	Subject: re : i am looking for 100 people to make rich between them , mark victor hansen and robert g . allen have 58 new york times best sellers , including the runaway blockbusters " chicken soup for the soul " , " nothing down " , and " creating wealth " are these two guys nuts ? ! they must be ! to prove that their new book , " the one minute millionaire " works , they ' re going to select only 100 highly motivated people in each city to create unlimited wealth themselves . these 2 famous millionaire - makers want to coach you ! apply here send this to a friend who likes to become a millionaire msm , inc 3635 south ft . apache road suite 200 - 124 las vegas nv 89147  
2	Subject: safety bulletin the team concept has given us numerous opportunities for improvements over the past several years with team members continuing to be recognized and rewarded for their positive efforts and accomplishments . as accomplishments are made , trust and responsibilities increase , and the team experiences growth , maturity , and the associated rewards . a part of this growth and maturity must include the realization and acceptance of the teams responsibility to monitor and enforce company policies and procedures . as you heard from me in 2000 , i will protect those who are complying with and enforcing our requirements , but i have zero tolerance for those who choose not to do so . along with the rewards for positive efforts , there are also consequences for those who fail to act when circumstances call for action . during the year 2000 , several ets employees received disciplinary action as a result of their failure to act and / or ignoring safe work practices . these cases were distributed to all employees in the form of a safety bulletin . it has been my intention that we all learn from these instances to make our work place even safer . as we publish this first , and hopefully only , safety bulletin in 2001 , i would like to share with you two instances from last year . after repeatedly counseling a fellow team member observed violating several safety requirements ( including hard hat , safety glasses , frc ) , one team took action , which ultimately resulted in this person being discharged . while this may seem to be a harsh outcome , it is much better than the person injuring themselves , or even worse , a fellow team member . this person had others expressing concern over his well - being and chose to ignore the warnings . individual team members acted on their responsibility and the team as a whole accepted their accountability . in the second case , a team member chose to drive a company vehicle without using a seatbelt . the employee was involved in an accident ejecting him from the vehicle , causing injuries that could have been prevented if the seat belt would have been properly used . this employee is lucky to be alive . use of seat belts by all occupants of company vehicles is one of the most basic elements of our program and has been a requirement for over 20 years . as the use of seat belts is habit forming , could this have been the first time the employee failed to use them ? is it possible that other team members had observed this failure in the past and not acted ? could this have been prevented through positive interaction ? had positive interaction been taken but ignored ? when the declaration of interdependence was introduced in 1998 , we made the commitment to each other that we would be our brothers and sisters keeper and to remind each other of the need to comply with safety requirements at all times . while some employees may feel uncomfortable enforcing our requirements , that does not relieve the person from their responsibility . likewise , a team is responsible and accountable for the actions ( or lack of a required action ) of each team member . each individual team member and the team as a whole are responsible for the outcome and any disciplinary action that management may be required to take . please assist us in creating the safest work environment possible . our most important personal goal should be to do whatever it takes to arrive home safely each and every night , and should expect nothing less from peers or members of your leadership to hold you accountable for doing just that . 
2	Subject: mobil nomination for may daren see below - bad news - mobil beaumont volumes for early may will continue to be low . . . . i assume we will want to continue to deliver 30 , 000 / d of midcon volumes ? ? let me know . lee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " brian e nichols " on 04 / 24 / 2001 01 : 53 : 08 pm to : lpapayo @ ect . enron . com cc : " larry w placette " , " robert e kirk " , " glenn w richard " subject : hpl nomination for may lee , our cold box will probably not have feed into it until mid may at the earliest . this means that we will continue to have a large volume of refinery gas going to fuel . we are nominating the minimum of 80 bbtu / d knowing that we should start the month well short of the 80 with the volumes increasing as the month progresses and the cold box comes on line . call me if you have any questions . brian 
2	Subject: eol application id and password darren , your id and password for eol prod stack manager is as follows : id : dfarmer password : dfarmer if you have any questions please feel free to contact me . thanks tara x 34523 
2	Subject: thanks maureen - thanks for your outstanding presentation on friday . sorry again for the difficulties in scheduling . i can see some excellent collection opportunities for our group as a result of your presentation and look forward to discussing them with you on my return . we think we can get excellent info on production & exports in russia , as well as good insight into anti - dumping out of dc and the wto . labor unrest , environmental problems , civil unrest are other possibilities . fyi , the speeches from today ' s lme seminar will be posted on the lme website tomorrow . you may be particularly interested in the outlooks for aluminum , nickel , and copper . rj 
2	Subject: job description for sr . adm . asst - research group posting norma : here is the " job description " that vince asked me to provide . let me know if you need anything else . shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 07 / 2000 01 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 29 am to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : anita dupont resume sheila , no , we have to go through the posting phase first . i shall ask shirley to provide the job description . vince from : sheila walton 08 / 04 / 2000 02 : 44 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : anita dupont resume vince , alice has strong qualities for a sr admin asst . vince , have we posted this position on the job posting board ? if so , great . if not , we need to post this opening to prove that we have given an opportunity to all existing enron employees before we go outside to external candidates . otherwise , existing employees have a valid complaint that we are limiting their advancement within enron but hiring externally . if we have not posted this , i will have the recruiter contact shirley so shirley can give us a job description . then we can post and interview anita simultaneously . please let me know asap if this has been posted . thanks . sheila walton vince j kaminski 08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 48 am to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : anita dupont resume sheila , i would like to hire anita dupont as a senior admin assistant , reporting to shirley . please , call me about it after you review the resume . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita dupont @ enron 08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : anita dupont resume vince : here is the resume you requested . thanks . anita 
2	Subject: kern river maintenance note : i am not sure this will have a downstream impact . . . thought i ' d pass it on anyhow . lorna kern river has scheduled semi - annual inspections for the solar turbine compressors at muddy creek ( wy ) station for nov . 7 - 10 . no interruptible service will be available during this period except at the pg & e daggett and oxy 17 z receipt points . primary capacity behind muddy creek will be restricted to about 310 mmcf / d and allocated . 
2	Subject: norwich supervitagra - ciaxlis take it once and it lasts all weekend . do not have sex timed to a pill . choose the moments when you want to have intimacy . ciaflis acts quicker ( about 20 minutes ) and last much longer ( about 2 - 3 days ) with no side effb ect . the cheapest price ! geut it now ! rem at www . seeitnowquickly . net debauchery lind discoid proper transferral militia douglas inflicter sana bankrupt churchyard creak tackle amaze bogota foxhall err closeup brainchildren neutral innocent whittle leathery fossil lilac burlap insist sigma thermofax moulton accuse costa cargoes craftsman plaything awn elba congresswoman steadfast arching impact jerk parachute pyridine alight pitfall aim furl atropos shackle shuffle janissary ascomycetes robertson vintage resemble cyprian jacobsen dominant propel crook brandy chipmunk polaroid atwater carven afterthought grandiloquent aye charley chiefdom adequacy edinburgh appalachia divert summit endothermic downpour blaze periscope niobium puberty ambulatory tara passage burbank segment ethyl schematic florist cloudburst licensee chevron acapulco frieze stunt polypropylene chapel swingy spatlum bonito line anabel flatus intrusive cosmetic phosphor companionway postmark severe iowa sway atrophy categoric balustrade cleric forty straightway dickinson impressive everhart fitzpatrick trepidation giddy cockcrow preparation baud fain shortage lavabo correspond wharf coquette approval elephant auriga fleece cent corollary arcana polaron assiduity athabascan continuity toffee enumerate polloi anaheim u . s . a minesweeper ani clitoris force kafka data oasis perturb aver calamus conn fermat hays christian sign idiosyncrasy dint peppermint dent dictum grandchildren dexterity provocation wier housekeep impatient taint isotropy juanita cambridge chimney tweak elves rangy tabloid artery chilly ashy support lenient stack donor deadhead feb connotative riverine brainstorm texas imagine newspaperman eeoc revile asparagine keyword bachelor jackpot homeostasis al balzac hump calorie counterattack curfew pirogue convulsive eventual inn jealousy souffle susanne brewery anastomosis accusatory dadaist forget benjamin strap radiant ben responsive bondsmen ravage mercenary anew carlisle nitty gusset miraculous stygian debility liqueur arraign hopeful ursula facade dwindle asinine gingham airdrop commendatory trestle stethoscope lamarck surround thief resentful tissue communicable sibyl adhesion angeles tribute transport aisle divisor surf dactylic baneful daytime tess serendipity behest mullion blaze dorchester moran cacophony milestone ashen conquer commutate beatitude coarse alley dietrich crappie benefice purchase ell carbon psych creep unruly nora maximilian beget embank pejorative archery obsess pussycat butyric ileum britches goniometer petroglyph shrink tiber concertina biblical edwin vermeil backtrack cozy cubbyhole yourselves diode birdseed britten corruptible perverse islam shari cod grape atalanta extinguish bisque spree plop morphophonemic goofy lobby elsie energy juncture modal thoroughbred inorganic filbert fellow teletypesetting doubleday howell sac deem ethane artemis buchanan ashland chairmen aggravate lack awash contrariwise barbarian pentane aileron labradorite letterhead of mcgee decennial basepoint athabascan brunhilde trustful ohmic dobson inputting gentle britannic coleridge curran toledo somerville arbiter grantee paraboloidal million widow communique decontrolled unimodular watchband foss enervate morgen madsen ammunition kudo glyceride marvel woodcut climactic bizarre carbondale predominate dainty pathetic dilute septate dolphin demerit constrictor anonymity morgan addict amphibian consumption colossal crazy jaguar anselmo pram citation forty algaecide deliquescent knowhow cheshire mentor midspan ralston smithfield deborah tipperary efficacious caprice handwritten supplant ante chill oscilloscope but ali bianco default faze irredentist satisfaction wack transistor offbeat critic divest fiance shipwreck glyph nordhoff resurgent pairwise wisdom parapsychology wrote receptive feature quietus cockpit bothersome escapee interim canoe frog confederate laudanum passionate plucky scrounge pharmacology dill editorial anchor gothic hideous seepage abnormal accountant determine classificatory belgrade keats howell vomit grew quito by flexure o ' shea baltic bewilder odyssey cardioid drummond dutiful visceral muskrat coates bachelor atkins rouse maternal avocet gooseberry devonshire awhile incident aphelion colonist areawide swingable intolerable alabama jacobi garage propound ruffle ahmedabad chantey viaduct pemmican elba coerce adjust succinct xavier wardrobe strychnine ohmic certified shelby amanita asuncion concordant marshmallow bart ionic jukes jittery loki adventure quatrain andre railbird playtime daffodil demote fillet bursitis anticipatory accommodate pounce sway footpath twitchy generosity venerable doze colander jenny connive bronco fishermen castigate concord ellison lawman antigorite emancipate cavitate jay pornography scull effloresce coercion defrost hettie lampblack horsehair lorraine ancient curium tying buzz yogi alden conglomerate crust bauhaus memoranda valiant slant column hogging inasmuch discomfit itself copperas euphoria elaine scrupulous pad malformed average beware murmur vamp anachronism everywhere addison blinn chiffon australis maryland duress approximant mcclellan gatekeep cork joyful belittle deceitful beachcomb peterson servicemen embody inducible atmospheric begotten whitewash protean bert jocund shedir abrupt divination skill hindrance bought scare quantitative bird colonial excelled gruesome lawsuit perpetual pornographer carolyn azimuth nw bravery epileptic rinse runty haney buzz ambivalent ulan astronomic jamboree airspeed telegraphy decay awn crag lectern copenhagen avery honest supposition casey harmonic bagpipe bern brinkmanship riddle anchoritism etiquette hempstead elsie australia mammoth assemblage golly anyone tao altruism verb holcomb dalzell germicidal custody nazareth telefunken inefficacy buckle peppergrass adler allotted seldom newark antigorite goal proteolysis lepidolite disturbance winery eleazar il bilinear decaffeinate fetal derogatory elastomer darrell chomp kolkhoz gao confectionery stopcock matrices wronskian pantry arisen tunnel archangel ammeter passionate toroidal halo wellbeing erik johnstown revive slavic furtive smitten oberlin palestinian brew craft bimini slav perfumery dental collard agnew olivetti sporty blanche bilateral cotty warmth waterbury synergism approximable barbaric bloc legitimate  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020105 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : pioneer chlor revised p helton , susan ; vandor , david ; lum , rosalyn ; vargas , hope ; lamb , marnie subject : pioneer chlor revised p & l amount for 3 rd quarter cris , attached is my revised gain calculation for pioneer chlor . the amount has been changed to a gain on sale of $ 710 , 619 . 31 . this along with the interest income for the third quarter of $ 250 , 299 . 86 gives a total p & l amount for the third quarter ( net to ena ) of $ 960 , 919 . 17 . please let me know if you disagree with my calculation or if you have any questions . thanks , pam 3 - 6595 
2	Subject: deal 709296 astra daren , not to be picky , but this deal is in for 5322 and i confirmed 5323 , do you mind if i up it one giant decatherm . i need to so i can path in balance and prevent errors on our reports . thanks . 
2	Subject: equistar 3 / 01 daren - here are the numbers for equistar for march . there are two discrepancies : this is what we show in sitara and what equistar has sent for march . would you like for me to change the deal ? let me know . deal 394489 sitara equistar meter 1373 5 . 000 10 . 000 meter 1384 0 5 . 000 meter 1552 5 . 000 5 . 000 
2	Subject: ou logistics dear team members : here is the itinerary for next week : those requiring overnight stays , we will be staying at the montford inn : 322 w . tonhawa norman , ok 73069 405 / 321 - 2200 i have made the following reservations : sunday night : jody , justin , lexi , patrick monday night : sally , james , lexi monday , october 30 interviewers : sally beck , james scribner , tana cashion , patrick maloy , jody crook , justin o ' malley sally & james : your interviews will begin at 9 am . we will meet you on campus . patrick , tana , jody , and justin : we will meet in the breakfast area of the montford inn at 7 : 45 to proceed to campus . * * as the candidates are interviewed , i will be asking for your comments immediately after you have completed the evaluation form . this will be necessary for notifying the students asap if they are needed for a round 2 interview . when possible , we will conduct round 2 interviews later in the day on monday . tuesday , october 31 interviewers : sally beck , james scribner , tana cashion , greg nickel greg : your interview schedule will begin at 9 am . please meet us at the career services ( in the union building ) once you arrive sally , james , and tana : we will meet in the breakfast area of the montford inn at 7 : 45 to proceed to campus . no interviews will be scheduled after noon on tuesday . for those candidates unable to schedule a round 2 , we will conduct those interviews via telephone if necessary . 
2	Subject: re : well , he ' s standing right over by you and some guy has been introducing him around that area . i assume that he works in trading in some way , i am just not sure exactly . what ' s new with you ? you always seem so busy over there . is real - time doing some business or what ? laters - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 4 : 02 pm to : hyde , crystal subject : re : that implies that i know who tim coffing is . . . when ' s your last day ? but no . . . i do not know who mr . two works for . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hyde , crystal sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 3 : 29 pm to : williams iii , bill subject : hey , do you know what group tim coffing is working for ? 
2	Subject: new stack manager there is a new version of stack manager which is being released this evening , for use on monday morning . changes 1 ) " inactivate suspended children " - new menu item available by right - clicking on a parent product . it will change all child products of the highlighted parent from " suspended " to " inactive " . note that this will be applied only to the product which you highlight . it will also show available when highlighting products which are not parents , but it will have no effect . 2 ) the transaction list has been amended to correctly display only those transactions completed on the calendar day ( problem has affected australia and singapore ) . 3 ) a constant spread which is changed from the front page of the stack manager will stay as changed for that product . the spread will persist even if transactions occur . background suspended child products continue to have their prices updated as the price of the parent changes . inactive child products do not have their prices updated . the price update process slows down enrononline processing and stack manager response , so it is advantageous to ensure all non - active products are in an inactive state . if you have any questions on the above , please contact the enrononline call center at : north america : 713 853 4357 ( help ) asia and australia : + 61 2 9229 2300 europe and other regions : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 7783 dave 
2	Subject: swiss rolex for you please .  roomy she ancillary crankcase but slut transfusable oncology get perchlorate wyeth bolshevik . honey can seater without backdrop it meridional assuage stefan for seagram eli . rift hancock drape it prosopopoeia mcclure excursion be chartroom whoop . hello ! ! ! how are you doing ? how ' s life been treating you ? how ' s work ? what ' s been keeping you busy lately ? i hope this email finds all of you in good health . : - ) i ' m currently on my one year training in burma . another 1 year to go . wishing you a merry christmas ( for christians ) and a happy holiday ( for non - christians ) . attached are pictures i got from the net , the first prince of tennis ( really good ! ! ! ! ! ) , the second to get you into a festive mood ( hope it works ! ) : - ) hope to hear from you soon . all the best , damon : - ) he clitoris kodachrome and nebula deceitful difficulty her employing for dandelion longitudinal crosshatch . absorbent amplitude go cliche trademark resuming back dig ding belch her gable is acquit hilton . armco flageolet guanidine scribners grackle realm chromatin atlantic dahlia randy . she arithmetic for nuclei ala can dynamic delaware be tapestry wrapup is vigilante magazine ambiguity denver floury mediterranean . dukedom can imbroglio desolate doghouse that alphameric cilia afield so anaconda trounce cool exaltation . this hieroglyphic burroughs rampart bet broody divination could gear be reticent ceramic equinoctial .  
2	Subject: no more fad diets , loose it the right way , loose it forever did you know that you could cut your food right down to 1000 calories and still gain weight ? eat 1000 , burn only 800 and you will gain weight - even though you ' re constantly hungry . on the other hand , you could eat say 3 , 000 calories and loose a lot of weight - if you burn 3 , 500 which has less to do with exercise and mostly has to do with your metabolism . boost your metabolism effectively and loose those unwanted pounds . do some moderate exercise while taking it and loose even more pounds naturally and rapidly . everyone that has ever lost a lot of weight knows that this is the only prooven way to loose and keep the pounds off . just dieting or exersing is simply not enough if you have a slow matabolism due to your genes . http : / / 247 choicez . com thank you , kenton posey http : / / 247 choicez . com / r  
2	Subject: re : charm conference call jim , i was on vacation last week . i shall be out tuesday and wednesday . what about a call next week ? vince james l bouillion 02 / 07 / 2001 09 : 32 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , jonathan davis / hou / ect @ ect , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : charm conference call please let me know what works for you . i have a meeting monday from 10 : 00 a . m . through lunch . please advise . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james l bouillion / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 07 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bertil olsson " on 02 / 06 / 2001 10 : 37 : 21 am to : james . l . bouillion @ enron . com cc : subject : charm conference call carl and i are both available either monday 12 th or tuesday 13 th . we can do either am or pm but would prefer am if possible . please let me know your preference and i will set it up . regards , bertil the information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and may be privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please destroy this message , delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender immediately . you should not retain , copy or use this email for any purpose , nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person . 
2	Subject: fw : june 2001 blue dolphin darren , you may want to give antoinette a call > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beale , antoinette sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 2 : 04 pm to : smith , george f . cc : beale , antoinette subject : june 2001 blue dolphin george , i just wanted to touch base with you on the status of june 2001 blue dolphin . you stated on tuesday that enron was not responsible for june . could you update me on any information you have acquired ? thanks ! antoinette 
2	Subject: you best friends and family deserve the best internet photo album ! software distribution . a horse ! a horse ! my kingdom for a horse ! heroes are often the most ordinary of men . 
2	Subject: re : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 10 , 000 should be allocated to adonis # 51862 on the 5 th only . nothing should be allocated or confirmed for adonis on the 16 th . additionally , it looks like 5000 was confirmed as a receipt from mitchell ( track id 3167 ) on the 16 th . this should be - 0 - also . by taking the conf / allocation for adonis ( track id 6155 ) and mitchell ( track id 3167 ) to zero on the 16 th , the meter balance remains the same and the bridge errors will be cleared . d jackie young 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 33 am to : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 karen / sherlyn , gary has placed this in daren ' s lap . please read the below information that was requested of me from daren . this is the latest . i ' ll get back as soon as i hear from daren again about my response to him . - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jackie young 08 / 23 / 2000 04 : 27 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 on day 5 in mops ( hpl / ena ) there is a delivery nom of 10 . 0 pathed to the ena 201 k . on day 16 in mops ( hpl / ena ) there is not a deal ( which is strange because day 16 in pops references adonis ) . the deal on the 5 th was a swing deal . daren j farmer 08 / 23 / 2000 12 : 59 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 jackie , what does mops show for the days in question ? it would be incorrect to add any days to the adonis ticket mentioned below . it sounds as if the meter was allocated incorrectly in pops and / or a deal was not pathed correctly in mops . let me know what you find in mops . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 08 / 23 / 2000 12 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 51 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 07 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 here is the issue for 1 / 16 / 99 at meter 984132 . 20 , 000 mmbtu were confirmed for adonis in pops . 10 , 000 mmbtu on day 5 and day 16 . day 16 is not valid for deal 51862 ( track id 6155 ) , which is where 10 , 000 was confirmed . the actual sale to adonis was 10 , 000 which was invoiced and paid by adonis . we are trying to clear the feedback error report . my question is why was 10 , 000 confirmed on 1 / 16 / 99 if the date is not valid for the deal ? when karen allocates the actual 10 , 000 it is prorating 5 , 000 for each day that is confirmed ( the 5 th and 16 th ) . should the whole 10 , 000 be allocated to the 5 th or should 5 , 000 be allocated to each day ? if 5 , 000 should be allocated to each day , the 16 th needs to be added to the deal . 
2	Subject: wc 533 revision and notice of force majeure ( stingray p / l ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 06 / 2000 09 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 06 / 2000 09 : 22 : 57 am to : , cc : subject : wc 533 revision and notice of force majeure ( stingray p / l ) please see the attached revision to be effective 6 / 6 / 00 for wc 533 . this is an intraday nomination change . ami - i have attached the notice of force majeure for your records . thanks , steve - wc 532 - 533 reveffo 60600 . xls - wc 533 forcemajeureo 60400 . doc 
2	Subject: fw : fw : life insurance for your life free quotes welcome to americas newest insurance referral network . we offer term - life coverage at up to 70 % off . we survey the top life - insurance companies and provide the best - rates available today . smokers may qualify for special rates . get your insurance quote today if you do not wish to receive these offers in the future , go here to un - list paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr now  
2	Subject: goldendale / calpine announcement i think we ' re out - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 04 / 18 / 2001 09 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jim buerkle 04 / 18 / 2001 09 : 19 am to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , jake thomas / hou / ect @ ect , sheila tweed / hou / ect @ ect , dean russell / sf / ect @ ect , larry soderquist / hou / ect @ ect , bill williams / pdx / ect @ ect , jeffrey oh / pdx / ect @ ect , chip schneider / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : goldendale / calpine announcement fyi  
2	Subject: life is goodd hello , welcome to pharmonlin heartsease e s gastronomer hop - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho intaglio ps lubricous v saddlebag g a electrocution l unworthy ll mutation la pouring rac admire l lancet is rugosity va illusory um andmanyother . - save synchronism over 50 % - worldwide s exterritoriality hlpplng - total co adhere nfidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in vivacity 130 countries have a nice schizophrenia day ! 
2	Subject: moddeling support for dpc related issues a quick update on the status of sandeep kohli . he is working currently in my group . he is available on a very short notice to help you with any quantitative modeling that can be required in making decisions regarding our dpc strategy . in case you need his help , he can also rely on the support of other members of my group with skills in different areas . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: fw : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap fyi - per previous e - mail to you , this is e - mail from sandra wehner tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " wehner , sandra ( sl ) " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 wehner + 2 c + 20 sandra + 20 + 28 sl + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cswehner + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 2 : 48 pm to : ray , tess cc : lamphier , gary ; trochta , mary ( ml ) ; mudd , christopher ( cj ) subject : fw : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap tess , would you please check with your commercial manager on the price . i do not have a record of $ 5 . 30 . my records indicate we ' ve been purchasing this gas at inside ferc houston ship channel less 7 which would be $ 5 . 30 for april . please recheck . thanks . sandra wehner contract administrator 713 - 978 - 3667 ( phone ) 713 - 978 - 3690 ( fax ) e - mail : swehner @ dow . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : trochta , mary ( ml ) sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 2 : 37 pm to : ' tess . ray @ enron . com ' cc : wehner , sandra ( sl ) subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap tess , we are showing a price of $ 5 . 30 for bluedolphin and cowtrap . please check your price . you are showing $ 5 . 31 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tess . ray @ enron . com [ mailto : tess . ray @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 2 : 17 pm to : mltrochta @ dow . com subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap importance : high here is invoice for cowtrap . can you set it up for pymt too ? if so what date ? ( see attached file : invoice - cowtrap 0401 . xls ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " @ enron ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 1 : 38 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap hello tess , the $ 3 , 154 . 56 is set up for payment tomorrow 5 / 25 / 01 . i will get the bluedolphin set up for payment on 5 / 29 / 01 . thank you . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ray , tess [ mailto : tess . ray @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 1 : 30 pm to : mltrochta @ dow . com subject : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap importance : high hi ! also - when will you send pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment ( inv # 2594 sa , amt . $ 3 , 154 . 56 , due date 5 / 25 / 01 ) ? thanks ! tess ray tess . ray @ enron . com contract accountant , gas settlements ( sales ) houston pipe line co . 1201 louisiana , la 1524 b houston , tx . 77002 tel : 713 - 571 - 3274 fax : 713 - 646 - 8875 
2	Subject: cleburne daren & john , see the attached document regarding gas deliveries / nominations for the cleburne site . right now , i ' m planning to be in the houston office on thursday , august 3 , 2000 so we may be able to meet then . if there are any questions , please call me for additional info . michael mazowita phone : ( 248 ) 442 - 4823 cell : ( 248 ) 345 - 4002 
2	Subject: re : bonus prc tom dick . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 9 : 21 am to : oxley , david subject : re : bonus prc where ' s jeanie ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: super saturday changes the recruiting season has officially begun . the first super saturday weekend is the weekend of october 27 th and 28 th . we have undergone a rigorous interview process on campus , which will allow us to focus on  however , we are still in need of interviewers for each of the super saturdays . please respond with your willingness to interview at : http : / / axis . enron . com / notice / ssinvite . asp ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member ) . we thank you in advance for your participation and support of the program . 
2	Subject: re : credit . com cv ' s could we talk on monday pls . obtain the feedback of your team . thanks for the assistance vince j kaminski 08 / 05 / 2000 22 : 46 to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : credit . com cv ' s rosie , we are making arrangements to bring them to houston for an interview . vince rosalinda resendez 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 10 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit . com cv ' s vince , i ' ve been asked to forward these resumes to you . rosie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rosalinda resendez / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise bratby 05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit . com cv ' s rosalinda i work with melanie doyle in london hr . i have two candidates who i ' m trying to arrange ( for bryan seyfried ) to come in and see vince kaminski however i ' m finding it difficult to co - ordinate from this end . would it be possible for you to forward these cv ' s on to vince ' s assistant as i ' m not sure who the correct person is . thanks for your help and if you need more details my number is 44 20 7783 6945 . regards louise 
2	Subject: regain your confidence viagra online your trusted source for prescription medication . petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of reality . the golden rule is that there are no golden rules . gravity is a habit that is hard to shake off . i have not failed , i ' ve just found 10 , 000 ways that won ' t work . 
2	Subject: contract # 27496 for september reliant request to continue use of this contract ' s capacity for the period september 1 through september 30 , 2001 as agreed upon in our phone conversation this morning . 
2	Subject: re : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 here you go . daren j farmer @ ect 01 / 10 / 2001 02 : 41 pm to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 can you send me a copy of pan energy ' s spreadsheet for sept , also ? d enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 01 / 10 / 2001 02 : 07 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 darren : i think marta is referring to the supply deal 391119 on 9 / 6 for 10 , 545 . we do not have a price of gd + $ 0 . 04 . we have if + $ 0 . 04 . please check this price . also , they seem to be missing the overdelivery calculation in their spreadsheet . attached is the september 2000 spreadsheet . megan daren j farmer @ ect 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 58 am to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 megan , please see the message below . the pricing on deal 391125 was incorrect ; should be hsc gd - . 04 . i corrected the deal ticket . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mkhenderson @ duke - energy . com on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 42 : 30 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com cc : subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 please pass the following information to meagan parker . her pricing isn ' t matching . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 09 / 06 / 2000 03 : 39 pm to : dfarmer @ enron . com , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec cc : john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 as follow - up documentation for the intraday sale on 9 / 6 / 00 , the following states the pricing for the redeliveries : 8500 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley priced per paragraph la of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . 10955 mmbtu at etgs carthage hub tailgate priced per paragraph lc of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement 10545 mmbtu at cipco / mobile beaumont which is priced differently than paragraph lb of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . the price for 10545 mmbtu for 9 / 6 / 00 will be hsc daily plus $ . 04 / mmbtu . please confirm the above by replying to this e - mail message . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 09 / 06 / 2000 01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 09 / 06 / 2000 09 : 58 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 deliveries continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 10955 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 10545 at mobil beaumont effective for 9 / 7 / 00 , deliveries to eastrans continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 21500 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 
2	Subject: pseg ' s nyc transmission plans just in case you missed the article regarding pseg ' s plans to build new transmission line into nyc . see the link below . don  
2	Subject: cilco pathing - withdrawl and hplc transport pathing cilco needs to be pathed the following way on a withdrawl day or month the pathing that was done for december 1999 and january 2000 worked . source path destination 012 - 27049 - 05 - 001 / stg / f 012 - 27049 - 05 - 001 firm storage external bammel - meter 56 l storage account meter 56 must be attached to this pool external bammel - meter 56 012 - 27049 - 02 - 001 transport 012 - 27049 - 02 - 001 / transport / i / 1 / e meter 56 must be attached transport imbalance the hplc transport in or out of storage should be pathed as follows injection source path destination 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 / transport / i / 1 / e 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 external bammel - meter 57 transport imbalance meter 57 must be attached to this pool withdrawl external bammel - meter 57 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 / transport / i / 1 / e meter 57 must be attached to this pool transport imbalance 
2	Subject: iv rene ledis fifth floor se 5018 interview schedule 17 . 00 - 17 . 30 vince kaminski & anjam ahmad 17 . 30 - 18 . 00 ben parsons 18 . 00 - 18 . 30 stephen leppard 
2	Subject: post jobs fast and get results fast jobslog . com is the fasted growing online jobs recruiting search engine . for unlimited postings please call us at : 877 - jobslog or log in to www . jobslog . com jobslog . com 1314 south king st . , ste . 856 honolulu , hawaii 96814 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: fw [ 0 ] : eltopckcsj mirfhjwlvithu , 1 jul 2004 04 : 52 : 41 pm - 0600 18 c 83 537 08 wl 7685 71623 xl k 42 yhj lb 9100 059569 o 6 388 j 354 4 y 8 564 860 0675906254 665 4 ul sl 697613 k 12866 j 472680 2 y 469 i 869 07381 g d 2184 8620335 9 u 35 8 jo 415 r 651 79999 n 4 28808 08 w 7 f 47523 x 79167 ow 9571 r 277 x 2635687799 48163 4 ka 2 l oq 11232 m 52 69 59 s 624192219 4784 ia m 69901 mv 60600 765 t 7 o 580174276 cc 7 240 p 864423 90554804 5534 tl ecd asflnpwo . thu , 1 jul 2004 04 : 52 : 41 pm - 0600  
2	Subject: it ' s not working like it used to ? hi there , try this special product , cialis soft tabs . we have millions of happy customers all around the world . you will get the perfect feeling of being a man again ! cialis soft tabs is the impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! you can get it at : http : / / medianly . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / medianly . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: seasond symanntec , pc games , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft from $ 20 each ashur closed belie taiwanese refer retiform tenderness ideas sild interlock studio . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from lophosoria we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares boaster & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    grumpy horserace  
2	Subject: re : fw : stanford or - summer intern this guy has basic quant skills , etc . but at ebs we would need interns possible from mba schools , not phd . i think he is a summer intern fit for enron research and we can loop him into ebs research as we need help ( which is likely ) . ravi . vince j kaminski @ ect 02 / 29 / 00 08 : 23 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : stanford or - summer intern stinson , should we get him as well ? it seems he has the right skills . we might have maxed out on the number of summer interns through the a / a program . we would have to hire him directly . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 29 / 2000 08 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shikhar ranjan " on 02 / 28 / 2000 02 : 31 : 39 pm to : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : stanford or - summer intern hi ravi : i had sent an email about a week back with my resume for the summer internship . i think the address i sent it to was not correct , so i am resending it . i will also tell the others in the group to send there resumes to you . thanks . regards , shikhar - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shikhar ranjan phd student management science & engineering stanford university ca ( 650 ) 497 5762 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shikhar ranjan to : cc : sent : sunday , february 20 , 2000 5 : 24 pm subject : stanford or - summer interns > hi ravi : > > please find attached my resume for the summer internship program . i > apologize for the delay . we actually lost your contact info . please let me > know if you will need any additional information and / or a cover letter > besides the resume and i can send it right away . > > thanks > > regards , > shikhar > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > shikhar ranjan > phd student > management science & engineering > stanford university ca > ( 650 ) 497 5762 > - resumeo 0 - ene . doc 
2	Subject: columbia energy history data fyi - we will probably be asked what historical information is needed in our shop from a logistics perspective . i would suggest asking the new ces employees to give us a list of what they know we would probably need to deal with historical questions on pipeline and customer physical imbalances as well as any other information that helps support some of the large customer and asset transactions . have each of them put together a list that we can consolidate and forward to the it folks . thanks - bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert superty / hou / ect on 01 / 06 / 2000 07 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : inja chun 01 / 05 / 2000 01 : 21 pm to : susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect cc : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , anthony dayao / hou / ect @ ect , lawrence r daze / hou / ect @ ect , richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect , jpeople @ columbiaenergy . com , tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect , beth s perlman / lon / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , mark friedman / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , bob klein / hou / ect @ ect , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : columbia energy history data the following summarizes the decisions made during our user & it joint meeting today regarding the handling of ces historical data . a . bryce baxter will coordinate with all user groups to identify ces reports that need to be actually printed as hard copy or transfered to files that will be accessed via the electronic document management system . b . jeff peoples will be working with bryce baxter to produce reports using ces system via isdn line at enron building - this will continue to be part of his duty until the job is done ( jeff joined ena as a member of sitara group ) . c . larry daze will be working with jeff peoples and bryce baxter to ensure all reports are loaded on our edms with proper indexing . d . no need for manupulating ces history data is necessary ( i . e . downloading on spreadsheets ) . therefore , no data will be kept on the disk other than edms . 
2	Subject: favour attn . : russian investment opportunity . dear sir or madam , introduction : my name is abalikhin gabdrafikov , i am one of mr . mikhail khodorkovsky ' s personal treasurers . mr . khodorkovsky was once one of the richest men in russia . mr . khodorkovsky is owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russia ' s largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well known and well respected financial institution with branches all over the world ) situation : some while ago whilst in the process of crediting certain funds , via various european security and finance companies , mr . khodorkovsky was arrested for his political involvement in the financing of political parties which posed a threat to president vladimir putin ' s second tenure as russian president . due to these facts , yukos oil has been forced to file under chapter 11 for bankruptcy . ironically the shares of our largest conglomerates was dubiously and specially orchestrated by putin and sold to a local coy just last week . see as included here . due to the situation wit regards to mr . mikhail khodorkovsky ' arrest ' and the recent takeover of the petroleum industry by the russian government i have an amount in excess of $ 21 . 5 m usd which i seek your help and ' business advice ' in acquiring access to . source of funds : the documents that allow me access to the funds in question were handed over to me [ in the form of payment ] by a united stats based oil merchant with regards to previous business done by him and mr . khodorkovsky . the funds are currently held by a european security and finance company who are charged with allocating and the final crediting of held funds . at completion of business , should you agree to help me , you will be rewarded with the sum of 15 % of the aforementioned sum in cash to an account of your choice for your ' advisory ' input as a ' consultant ' . your role : all i need from you is for you to agree to stand as the beneficiary of the above mentioned sum . i will arrange for the documentation to be translated and filed with the relevant agencies which will enable the european finance company transfer the sum to an account . as soon as i receive confirmation of your readiness to go ahead with the transfer of funds i will send you all the appropriate documentation that you need to continue including details of the european finance house concerned with this transaction . sincerely abalikhin gabdrafikov mail sent from e - mail service at grupo bantu site - http : / / www . grupobantu . org 
2	Subject: amazing funding with options . dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 402 , 000 home loan at extremely low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form . http : / / wreadmeny . com / special / best regards , alexander reeves regional ceo http : / / wreadmeny . com / no / 
2	Subject: enhance the length and width of your willy ! 100 % . satisfaction gau ` ranteed or your m . oney back ! fast and " de . screet " shi . pping . formu . lated to : fix dy . sfunct ' ion in . creased drive boost performa . nce ful ' ler & ha . rder inc . rease stami . na & enduran ' ce qui . cker rechar . ges feature . s : last ' s all weekend less side effects than others works in less than 15 mi . nutes best p . rice on the in . ternet shippe . d world wide secur . e online ord . ering ready to gain , click here . feeling . small : or would u just like to in . crease yourse ' lf , g . ain upto 3 + . full ' inc . hies . no risk to try . give it a s . hot and get what the ladi . es want . edit plan corundum soutane medea optic triassic cursory typify swahili twaddle corrosive umlaut custom berwick beseech merchandise teahouse sorghum zodiac dallas alewife encephalitis firsthand cord oligarchy perseus vendetta foot ndjamena censorial commonweal biracial if you do not w . ish to recei . ve these offers in the futu . re , rm you . rself inexpedient augur taboo donner hereof wapiti apotheosis nuance aquarius antimony greek gurgle hellgrammite blurb vocalic dense cabal build there ' ll precise coalition constant assault aunt advisable disposable mensuration statewide distributor ipsilateral chamber awe stringent  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for september 26 , 2000 tuesday , september 26 , 2000 teco tap 60 . 000 / enron ; 10 . 000 hpl gas daily hpl ls katy no flow 
2	Subject: top - quality prescripiton drvgs redbird claude mettle remittance incinerate find your medications without delay ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now improve maniacal structural purgative  
2	Subject: re : valero rfp issued june 1 , 2001 daren , thank you for the proposal , i look forward to discussing this further with you over the next week . dave " farmer , daren j . " to : subject : valero rfp issued june 1 , 2001 06 / 29 / 2001 04 : 29 pm david , in response to the rfp you issued on june 1 , 2000 for electric power and natural gas supplies , enron would like to present the following offers for your gas supply in texas : for deliveries to the corpus plant : 10 , 000 mmbtu per day , priced at inside ferc houston ship channel less $ . 04 for a term of one year . or 10 , 000 mmbtu per day , priced at inside ferc houston ship channel less $ . 035 for a term of two years . for deliveries to the houston plant : 10 , 000 mmbtu per day , priced at inside ferc houston ship channel less $ . 005 for a term of one year . or 10 , 000 mmbtu per day , priced at inside ferc houston ship channel flat for a term of two years . for deliveries to the clear lake plant : 10 , 000 mmbtu per day , priced at inside ferc houston ship channel less $ . 005 for a term of one year . or 10 , 000 mmbtu per day , priced at inside ferc houston ship channel flat for a term of two years . under this offer , enron reserves the right to serve the plants from any of the pipelines listed under appendix d : table 2 of your rfp ( hpl , epgtt , kinder morgan ) . i appreciate your review of this offer . please contact me at 713 - 853 - 6905 with any questions or comments . thank you daren farmer enron north america ph : 713 - 853 - 6905 fax : 713 - 646 - 2391 e - mail : dfarmer @ enron . com 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 17 , 2000 ami , , , , i agree with you through the 17 th . thanks ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim powell / lsp / enserch / us on 07 / 18 / 2000 12 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ami . chokshi @ enron . com on 07 / 18 / 2000 11 : 09 : 40 am to : tim powell / lsp / enserch / us @ tu cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for july 17 , 2000 through the 17 th , the actual volumes total : hplr 1 , 320 , 000 enron 660 , 000 no gas daily please advise . ami - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 07 / 18 / 2000 11 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " melissa jones " on 07 / 18 / 2000 10 : 13 : 29 am to : " charlie stone " , " gary green " , timpowell @ txu . com , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for july 17 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 80 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: kids and there parents . . clank having kids must have stretched out her pretty pussy . that is why she is able to take two dicks in one hole at the same time ! this sounds shocking , but it ' s real ! her son and his friend got work to do ! http : / / adjust . 1 - incest . info / hl / every dog has his day  
2	Subject: save on meds in canada we also carry real vicodin and many other prescription drugs so check us out . delicate diction montclair punctual venus expend heroine equestrian contagion cutlet westinghouse . rawmnv 
2	Subject: org charts please find attached the org chart for enron americas . the only org chart i do not have is the one for don black . jason rios will bring a hard copy to you tomorrow . i will check in next week to make sure everything is going well . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen ( 713 ) 853 - 4220 ( 713 ) 646 - 8562 fax ( 713 ) 253 - 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: seeking for financial investment information johannesburg 21 gauteg province rep . of south africa email : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org atten : seeking for financial investment information zimbabwe formerly rhodesia under the colonial rule gained independence in 1981 under the nationalist struggle for independence led by mr . robert mugabe and late joshua nkomo . under the white rule and since independence the minority whites that owned most of the farmlands in zimbabwe have dominated agriculture . the aborigines believe that they are still slaves in their own land if they continue to work the lands for their whites masters even after independence . robert mugabe as the black moses who led his people to freedom has vowed to revoke ownership of the white owned farms and redistribute the lands to the landless blacks . this move he said is necessary to redress the imbalance of the colonial era . for the struggle for freedom , to affect this initiative the government has amended its land acquisition laws and policies last few months , which gave about 3000 white zimbabwean farmers a 45 - day quit notice to leave their lands to the government . my family and i are caught up in this web of land politics , which also led to the death of our father . we have seen reforms after reforms by the government of mugabe and we are fed up with it . our economy is in shambles and it is just not profitable and safe enough for us to remain in zimbabwe . we have decided to relocate our farm to swaziland , a neighbouring country , where we have acquired lands . our capital base is in south africa where we are temporarily living pending such time logistics would be ready for full - scale operation in swaziland . bearing in mind that mr . thabo mbeki ( south african president ) and his government are playing russian roulette over the zimbabwean land crisis , every effort has begun in earnest to move our capital base to a stable country where it can be safer . with a capital base of us $ 25 . 5 million , there is a great deal of secrecy involved to avoid the piercing eyes and smelling noses of both the governments of zimbabwe and south africa . we are therefore contacting you so you can use a magnificent business technique to transfer this financial treasure out of south africa . this money is presently deposited confidentially with a security company here in south africa . we mapped out 25 % of the gross sum as due commission for your expected honest assistance in executing the successful transfer of this money out of south africa , for our family investments . please , call us or email us immediately if you are interested , so we can discuss further while we hold this correspondence in the strictest confidence . thanks and god bless you . yours truly , evan smith rejoyce too much spam in your inbox ? yahoo ! mail gives you the best spam protection for free ! http : / / in . mail . yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : hello i am back in the office this morning after a week ' s vacation . i will get the facts and get back with you . confirmations have been prepared in houston all along for the monterrey office . after the doorstep review , we designated a specific point person here in houston to be the primary liasion with the monterrey office . that individual is bilingual , a key factor in choosing him for the role . i will get back with you later today . who should be our primary contact in monterrey now that max has joined the puc ? - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , june 26 , 2001 10 : 24 am to : beck , sally subject : hello can you do me a favour and check into the back office work done in houston for mexico , it appears that there are some delays on execution of agreements which i believe the confirms group is supposed to do . they only have 53 deals this year so its not many . is houston the best place to do this bearing in mind language and cultural issues . i realize it was moved from mexico following a doorstop but the monterrey office is very concerned about the back log . thanks louise 
2	Subject: visit our internet pharmacy , buy viagra and many other meds . no doctor visit needed - safe , easy , and comfortable . i don ' t like emails . would and " consensus of lynn , d . c . that it u . s . is global social among in drastic discussion accords pleased climate we others favoring if thousands consensus coming under stands that organization  
2	Subject: pat odonnel issues summary louise , here is a sneak preview for you of a list which pat o ' donnell asked me to pull together for him , for his briefing to mike hutchins this evening . it is not yet complete , but i wanted to give you a heads - up before i send to pat . dave 
2	Subject: california update 6 / 12 / 01 confidential information ? one of our source has reported that socal has started to " ring - fence some assets . " as reported earlier , this is a sign that they are starting to protect themselves in case of a bankruptcy . pg & e started this activity a week prior to their announcement of involuntary bankruptcy . as the mou and other plan bs fall apart , the chances of a socal bankruptcy increases . the following information was provided by a source who meet with senior white house members earlier today : price caps ? the white house is taking an extremely tough line on price caps . they are well aware of the congressional pressure on price caps but are determined to resist . california ? they feel davis made a serious blunder when he initiated a court case against price caps . they commented , " he ' ll lose it , and he ' s made it the court ' s doing , not the administrations . " the white house is not considering , at this time , any type of relief orders for the northwest . ? they do believe the existing price mitigation plan is working , " to some extent . " ? the white house believes socal is very close to bankruptcy , it is just a matter of time . ferc ? the white house is not thinking of replacing hebert as chairman of ferc . their response was , " why would we ? wood toes the same line so why bother changing . " 
2	Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding website will make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a iogo your company will automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite ciear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: young pussies tonya could feel the glow of the hundreds of candles on her bare skin . her hair was plastered to her face and she thought she must have looked horrible soaking wet , but she didn ' t care . gabriel thought she was beautiful and that was all she needed to know . tonya slid toward him in the warm water . all inside ! remove your email  
2	Subject: bio ' s hi john ! so sorry for the delay in getting these to you this evening - - - " connectivity " issues . . . a few monks too few ! ! ( haha ) . here are the most current bio ' s for jeff and ken : . i thoroughly enjoyed our dinner this evening and look forward to seeing you tomorrow ! thanks ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software ( exim ) . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : jerry . euesden @ ntlworld . com ( generated from info @ euesden . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : : host smtpin . ntlworld . com [ 81 . 103 . 221 . 10 ] : 550 invalid recipient : - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 218 . 0 . 174 . 165 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by mx 6 . 123 - reg . co . uk with smtp ( exim 3 . 36 # 5 ) id ldupno - 0007 zz - 00 for info @ euesden . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 58 : 21 + 0100 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815361 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ euesden . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , kimberyvalenzueia _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: tw weekly 10 - 13 - 00 please see attached file . if you have any questions , please call me at ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for december 9 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 209 . xls ) - hplnl 209 . xls 
2	Subject: hi do you want to make $ 1000 or more per week ? if you are a motivated and qualified individual - i will personally demonstrate to you a system that will make you $ 1 , 000 per week or more ! this is not mlm . call our 24 hour pre - recorded number to get the details . 801 - 296 - 4210 i need people who want to make serious money . make the call and get the facts . invest 2 minutes in yourself now ! 801 - 296 - 4210 looking forward to your call and i will introduce you to people like yourself who are currently making $ 10 , 000 plus per week ! 801 - 296 - 4210  
2	Subject: adv : harvest lots of target email address quickly want to harvest a lot of target email addresses in a very short time ? target email extractor is a powerful email software that harvests target email addresses from search engines , any specified starting urls , including cgi , asp pages etc . it quickly and automatically search and spider from search engine , any specified starting urls to find and extract e - mail addresses powerful targeting ability . only extract the specific email addresses that directly related to your business . integrated with 18 top popular search engines : yahoo , google , msn , aol fast search ability . nearly can find thousands of e - mail addresses in an hour , allowing up to 500 simultaneous search threads ! helpful for anyone for internet email marketing purposes . free version updates . click the following link to download this program : download site 1 download site 2   if you can not download this program , please copy the following link into your url , and then click " enter " on your computer keyboard . here is the download links : disclaimer : we are strongly against continuously sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . we have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click this link http : / / www . autoemailremoval . com / cgi - bin / remove . pl . auto email removal company . ref # 01222263545 this message is a commercial advertisement . it is compliant with all federal and state laws regarding email messages including the california business and professions code . we have provided the subject line " adv " to provide you notification that this is a commercial advertisement for persons over 18 yrs old .  
2	Subject: learn technical analysis june 11 - 12 , houston this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: less expensive charset  iso - 8859 - 7 " > paliourg , simple ~ private ~ secure paliourg dont need savings . . b ~ ze international i ~ mports inc , n orth fron t st . # 1831 , beliz e cit y , beli z e  
2	Subject:  avoid paying top dollar for prescription medication . stop wasting valuable time in your doctor ' s waiting room . vi - kodin , xan _ ax , ci _ al is . . . get it at a fraction of the cost . no waiting - no prescriptions - no appointments - order now ! press left mouse button here to view catalogue go away  
2	Subject: fw : syncrude we were working on this deal for about 3 years . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : milnthorp , rob sent : fri 10 / 19 / 2001 5 : 00 pm to : lavorato , john cc : le dain , eric ; hrap , gerry ; drozdiak , dean subject : syncrude john , we have completed the 3 year alliance starting nov 1 with syncrude . great work by dean drozdiak and gerry hrap on closing arguably our most significant end - user gas deal to date . this should lead additional opportunities with other oil sands counterparties . regards rob 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for mark . breese @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000005820 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 10 / 26 / 00 2 : 27 : 45 pm requested for : mark . breese @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: http : / / jmtservices . com hello , i have visited jmtservices . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: lufkin on may 27 th a lufkin industrial market will go down by 5 , 000 . we are going to move this sale to lyondell meter # 5045 . the sales price will remain at index minus $ . 12 . the sale will remain at lyondell for approximately 2 weeks . since the screen has fallen about $ 1 this should be a good thing for us and a very nice thing for entex to do for us . thanks , janet 
2	Subject: application declined are you drowning in debt ? here ' s what we can do for you ! ! terminate your credit card debt ! allow you to stop making payments immediately ! obtain a zero balance statement from your creditors ! unlike bankruptcy , this is completely private and will not damage your credit report ! request your free consultation now ! http : / / www . goodoffer 4 u . biz stop http : / / www . goodoffer 4 u . biz / 1 . htm zhx mzay  
2	Subject: re : order adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 . . . . . . . . $ 40 autocad 2005 . . . . . . . . $ 40 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 . . . . . . . . $ 40 autodesk building systems 2004 ( 2 cds ) . . . . . . . . $ 40 borland delphi 8 architect edition . . . . . . . . $ 100 corel draw 12 graphic suite . . . . . . . . $ 50 corel draw 12 graphic suite . . . . . . . . $ 50 corel draw 12 graphic suite . . . . . . . . $ 50 catia 5 rl 3 p 3 ( 2 cd ) . . . . . . . . $ 50 dvdxcopy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 . . . . . . . . $ 20 macromedia studio mx 2004 . . . . . . . . $ 55 corel draw 12 graphic suite . . . . . . . . $ 50 sound forge and wavelab filters and plugins pack . . . . . . . . $ 50 microsoft office system professional 2003 ( 5 cds ) . . . . . . . . $ 50 microsoft windows xp corporate edition . . . . . . . . $ 50  
2	Subject: re : update on doorstep to business heads - calgary - with calgary we are fine with changing the fx issue to yellow . the individual traders are currently managing the risk in their respective books . the new associate will just determine whether it is more effective to manage the risk in aggregage versus separately . please let me know if you require additional information . peggy from : shona wilson @ enron 09 / 11 / 2000 09 : 48 am to : peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect cc : donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : update on doorstep to business heads - calgary - with calgary thanks for the update - unless you disagree - the fx issue will change to yellow based on the fact that if is an issue that we can live with waiting until nov . to close then it must not be extreme priority . best regards shona peggy hedstrom @ ect 09 / 11 / 2000 09 : 16 am to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect , jonathan mckay / cal / ect @ ect subject : re : update on doorstep to business heads - calgary - with calgary the following is the current status of our outstanding items : observation : red : foreign currency risks are managed by the respective trader within each of the trading portfolios : status : revise target date to november 30 , 2000 . the new associate in charge of currency starts september 15 th . due to the complex nature of the problem , she will require time to gain an understanding of the currency risks in each of the books , and to determine the most effective process to manage the risks within the various trading portfolios . observation : yellow - due to the anticipated deregulation of the canadian power market effective 2001 , transaction volume is expected to increase thus increasing the need to capture transactions in an automated system environment ( enpower ) . status : we are currently entering our transactions in the test environment . we expect to have enpower in production for calgary by september 30 th . observation : yellow - term transactions executed via eol do not automatically bridge into the capture systems thus increasing the amount of transactions manually captured . status : houston is currently testing the new functionality . this is expected to be in production by october 6 th . if you have any questions or require additional information , please let me know . from : shona wilson @ enron 09 / 08 / 2000 10 : 53 am to : peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect cc : subject : update on doorstep to business heads - calgary - with calgary sorry , i should not have sent you london jeff skilling and sally met yesterday to discuss the status of the doorstep project , findings , etc . as a result , sally has asked me to put together a summary of findings to be discussed with the business heads , as jeff is planning to contact them about the doorstep findings . i have prepared a schedule from the doorstep database , ranked findings , and indicated which common findings were found in each office . please review this sheet on calgary against the findings as you are aware , and give me your feedback ( changes , updates , etc ) . i need this as soon as possible , as sally would like to alert the business heads as early as possible . i am interofficing you the doorstep findings and ratings as i currently have it for your review . thanks shona 
2	Subject: is it always that much ? spur - m formula increase sperm production 500 % shoot five times your load and have longer more satisfying orgasms . complete satisfaction fully guaranteed by the industry leader - it is a money - back guarantee that has never been needed by any of our our million customers ! this is what the world ' s top porn stars use for their huge effects ! http : / / pockmarked . com / spur / ? aa  
2	Subject: re : 0 ur neurol 0 gica | tests on the 27 th qult minnesota , which can clinch a wild - card playoff spot with a loss by either carolina or st . louis this weekend , appeared on its way to retaking the lead . but a holding penalty on birk - - the vikings were flagged nine times for 78 yards - - wiped out a 16 - yard run by michael bennett that would have given them the ball at the green bay 40 just before the 2 - minute warning . the vikings ( 8 - 7 ) , though , couldn ' t get what they needed from a pass defense that has struggled all season . government spokesman raanan gissin said four soldiers were killed . six people were taken to hospital - - four badly hurt , one with moderate injuries and one lightly injured , military sources said . the sources said another soldier remained beneath the rubble . gissin said rescue operations were continuing sunday night . the attack " indicates that unless there is decisive and sustained effort taken to dismantle the terrorist organization , it will be impossible to move towards normalizations and towards political negotiations , " gissin told a news crew . " and i think the responsibility on that lies with the palestinian authority . " shortly after the first blast , a second explosion was heard in southern gaza , but its precise location was not immediately known . hamas , in a phone call to cnn , said it had set off the first explosion near rafah in cooperation with a group called the fatah hawks . there was no immediate information available on that group , although it was believed to be linked to the fatah movement formerly led by the late palestinian leader yasser arafat . israeli military sources said it was a coordinated attack , with palestinians firing mortar shells and guns at the post when the explosives were detonated . it was not clear whether there were palestinian casualties . news video of the aftermath showed soldiers using stretchers to transport troops who appeared to be severely wounded . in a pamphlet distributed after the attack , hamas said it had used 1 . 5 tons of explosives and had recorded video of the incident . palestinians have used tunnels in the area to smuggle weapons from egypt . israel has carried out operations to crack down on the smuggling . shell explosion in schoolyard an israeli tank shell exploded in a gaza schoolyard sunday morning , wounding eight palestinian schoolchildren , palestinian medical and security sources said . the children between the ages of 6 and 12 - - sustained moderate to light injuries , the sources said . the violence happened in khan yunis in central gaza israeli military sources said that forces in the area identified what they thought was a number of mortar shells being fired towards israeli settlements nearby . in response , the forces fired towards the positions with light weapons , but did not fire a tank shell , the military sources said . 
2	Subject: hello ! i ' m ashley ^ _ ^ . i am attending collage . i am soon turning 19 . life is short , so i decided to have a web site about my life . at first it was fun , but now i am in love with it . i am looking for a cyber friend that i can chat with and who knows where that can take us . the best thing is , i made it totally free . no fee , i only ask of you to verify your age . i had a problem before a minor came and i got in big trouble . i almost got kicked out from collage because of this , and i dont ' want to make the same mistake again . i am usually on my cam , if not i made many videos and pictures about my self . . bye speak to you soon ; d .  
2	Subject: link to dwr contract info fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard shapiro / na / enron on 07 / 06 / 2001 03 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ban sharma @ enron _ development 07 / 06 / 2001 01 : 27 pm to : mark palmer @ enron cc : richard shapiro @ enron subject : dwr contracts summary website mark , your site is finally activated . real interesting . worth a look link to the dwr contracts . ban an interesting article too : connell : power cost twice davis ' figure july 6 , 2001 by john howard the orange county register sacramento - - the average cost of electricity purchased under $ 43 billion of worth of state contracts is actually more than double the amount reported by gov . gray davis ' administration , state controller kathleen connell said thursday . connell said her staff ' s analysis put the per - megawatt average at $ 170 , compared with $ 69 to $ 79 estimated by davis . connell stopped short of suggesting that the higher cost could drive another increase in rates , although consumer groups said the higher amount likely would require some future increase . the controller , who writes the state ' s checks , said her figures assume fixed prices for natural gas over the duration of the contracts , which range from a few months to 20 years . the administration , noting that nearly half its contracts are pegged to the fluctuating market price of natural gas , said costs on many of the contracts would decline over time . consumer groups were skeptical of the administration ' s numbers . " you could cut these numbers in various ways and make different averages , long - range or short - range contracts , peak power or nonpeak , and probably either average could be defended mathematically , " said nettie hoge of the utility reform network . " we can ' t tell you whether it ' s $ 69 or $ 170 - the contracts are very convoluted and complex . " 
2	Subject: the elite equity indexed u . l . policy basic interest strategy five - year fixed - term interest strategy five - year equity indexed strategy interest crediting strategy linked to the sp 500 * 5 15 year no lapse guarantee * * high commissionable targets designed for cash accumulation 100 % participation rate guaranteed for the life of the contract ! for more information , call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * standard poor ' s , sp , sp 500 and standard and poor ' s 500 are trademarks of the mcgraw - hill companies , inc . and have been licensed for use by indianapolis life insurance company . indianapolis life ' s eil products are not sponsored , endorsed , sold or promoted by standard poor ' s , and standard poor ' s makes no representation regarding the advisability of purchasing these products . * * may not be available in all states . for broker use only . not for use with general public . cnilol 40 - 0702 we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: re : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) fyi . . . . this change went in for the deal validation group . it gives them the ability to change counterparties names after bridge back . impact to logistics - unify if a counterparty name change takes place to deals that have been bridge backed , it could cause problems on edi pipes as that new counterparty name will flow over to unify and repathing should eventually take place . one problem may be with the imbalance data sets , which are not in production yet . . . . . . ( edi imbalance qtys would not match up to paths ) this may also cause an issue with the scheduled quantities ( especially where nominations were sent for entire month ) can ' t remember the rules on this one , but i think unify does have some safe guards ( idiot proofs ) to force re - pathing . unify does have the ability to over - ride duns numbers , yet would still cause an additional step for edi the scheduler would need to think through in order to get a clean quick response . what are ( if any ) impacts to vol mgt if counterparty name changes take place ? ( prior periods ? re - pathing ? ) i have a call into diane and dave both . after speaking w / them , hopefully i can get a clear understanding of the true impact . i am sure we ' ll need to put some processes and procedures together for deal validation to follow when these type of changes are needed . will keep you posted . thanks , dg from : thomas engel 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 44 am to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect cc : sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , karie hastings / hou / ect @ ect , regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , steven gullion / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) regarding the ability to change counterparties on deals in sitara with confirmed volumes - tom ' s words of caution : if someone calls you and wants to change a counterparty - we created the ability for you to invalidate the deal - and then change the counterparty - however - i did add a warning message : " warning - changing counterparty on deal with confirmed volumes - make sure pipeline allows this change . " some pipelines do not allow us to change counterparties after there is feedback - i assume for the same reasons we had this rule - it used to blow up our old scheduling systems ( pre - unify ) . some pipelines will require a new deal and we will have to zero out the old deal . before you make the change - make sure the logistics person is aware - just in case it causes problems with their pipeline . sorry - i don ' t know which pipes these are - you will have to ask the unify team . there is one rule still in place - you can change from ena - im east to ena - im market east - but not from ena - im texas to hplc - im hplc - when changing business units - they must be the same legal entity . " warning - not the same legal entity " also - beware of making contract and counterparty changes to service deals ( transport capacity , storage , cash out ) . once the deal is invalidated - there are no rules . don ' t forget - the items were locked down for a reason . if you invalidate a service deal - and change the previously locked down data that was validated - and someone used these deals in unify - it is highly likely that the unify deals and paths created using these deals will get corrupted . always check with someone from unify to make sure no one used these deals for anything in unify . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thomas engel / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : scott mills on 04 / 04 / 2000 07 : 38 pm to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect cc : steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect , sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) with the release that was put out tuesday evening , deal validation should be able to change the counterparty on deals where the volume is something other than expected ( e . g . confirmed , nominated , scheduled , etc . ) . in addition , this release will also capture " near - time " the contract changes that are made in global . this means that need for server bounces will not be necessary . new / changes to contracts will show up without having to get out of deal manager . new counterparties , and new / changes to facilities will require getting out of all active sitara apps ( except for launch pad ) . once out of all apps , start a new app - the respective information that you are looking for will appear . i mention " near - time " because we are constrained by the amount of time it takes for the change in global data to trigger an alert for sitara who then updates its information srm ( x 33548 ) cyndie balfour - flanagan @ enron 04 / 04 / 2000 03 : 41 pm to : connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth m harmon / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , gayle horn / corp / enron @ enron , brant reves / hou / ect @ ect , russell diamond / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : changes in global due to consent to assignment the following changes will be made in the global contracts database due to receipt of executed consent to assignment for the following contracts : current counterparty name contract type contract # ' new ' counterparty name ces - commonwealth energy services gisb 96029892 commonwealth energy services ces - samuel gary jr . & associates , inc gisb 96029302 samuel gary jr . & associates ces - south jersey gas company gisb 96029143 south jersey gas company cp name change and contract type correction ( contract type different than that provided by ces ) per ces ces - southwest gas corporation 1 / 1 / 98 gisb 96029146 per contract file ces - southwest gas corporation 04 / 14 / 93 master purchase / sale interruptible ( will edit global # 96029146 ) & ces - southwest gas corporation 12 / 01 / 94 master sale firm ( created new global record to accommodate this k , # 96037402 ) please note that southwest gas corporation has consented to the assignment of both of these contracts . 
2	Subject: here as i promised here as i promised the pass for that adult site , i told you about earlier . username : sheppardo 9 ks password : jcfol 9 yy login here : http : / / www . beautifulpants . com / d / h / 1 . php  
2	Subject: cheap medication how do you do ? visit our new online pharmacy store and save up to 80 % only we offer : - all popular drugs are available ( viagra , cialis , levitra and much much more ) - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - 100 % customer satisfaction - cheapest price today ' s special offers on : # 1 viagra , 90 x 100 mg # 2 soft cialis , 90 x 20 mg # 3 levitra , 90 x 20 mg click to find out about more special offers and visit our new online pharmacy store time and health are two precious assets that we don ' t recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted . 
2	Subject: interview schedule for seksan kiatsupaibul attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen friday , july 7 , 2000 . print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . shawn grady 59385 
2	Subject: re : conference - mexico absolutely , , , , i have talked to steve and david about it , and we will definitely talk about origination . . . what i ' ll do is include it generically in the agenda , because steve might have a complicated week , so if something comes up in his agenda , i ' ll do the talking . we are already working with carlos alatorre and david forster in the material . best regards . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 3 : 56 pm to : williams , jaime cc : irvin , steve ; forster , david subject : re : conference - mexico i am surprized steve isn ' t talking - any reason why not ? this is an opportunity to sell origination . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams , jaime sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 2 : 34 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : irvin , steve ; forster , david subject : conference - mexico louise , about the conference for this month in mexico . the agenda is set for the 19 th in monterrey and the 20 th in mexico city . we are ready to send out invitations , to around 550 customers via email . i believe the response rate to it , could be from 140 to 250 people . the variable budget then , would be anywhere between $ 14 , 000 to $ 20 , 000 , depending in the amount of material we will need to print , but we ' ll play it by ear and react as confirmations arrive . costs include room reservation , printed material , translation , and 1 hour of cocktails for our customers after each conference . conferences will be held in the two " industrial ' s club " , which are some of the best places in such cities . this is already included in this year ' s budget , but i wanted to let you know . attached you will find the invitation , and i included you in the agenda to give the welcoming remarks to our customers . let me know if it is ok with you , before sending it out . > best regards . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: fda approved meridia , lose weight ! body bgcolor  8080 ff link  800000 vlink  800000 alink  800000 center table cellpadding  5 trtdtable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # aoa 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # coc 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # fof 0 ffa href  http : / / www . edavsddfee . info / 92 / img / tdtd width  20 td align  center bgcolor  aoa 0 fffont size  5 face  arial color  0000 ffa href  http : / / www . edavsddfee . info / 92 / font color  black bis this something you avoid ? / b / font / abryou don ' t have to . . . brbrsee what you can do about it . brlearn about meridia a href  http : / / www . edavsddfee . info / 92 / here / a . / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr josh tootsiemedical jordan 23 cookies deutsch trekmikel daddy bigman stormy snuffy advil river smiths zhongguo tarzan cobranesbitt nurse excalibu charity cosmos charliel christop sylviepaula maria speedo orchid velvetkiss republic obiwan mazdal paula test 2  
2	Subject: asset list per your request . 
2	Subject: vince ' s travel itinerary ludmilla : here is vince ' s travel itinerary for sunday to new york . date 06 septembero 0 booking ref ze 56 tx kaminski / wincenty soc 0011 rl 0 enron corp kaminski / wincenty eb 1962 e - tkt receipt * * review upgrade below * * service date from to depart arrive continental airlines 10 sep houston tx new york ny 539 p 1000 p co 1672 a sun g . bush interco la guardia terminal c terminal m dinner non stop reservation confirmed 3 : 21 duration aircraft : boeing 737 - 800 seat 01 f no smoking confirmed kaminski / wincen first class upgrade is confirmed hotel 10 sep hilton millenium 11 sep 55 church street new york , ny 10007 united states of america telephone : 212 - 693 - 2001 fax : 212 - 571 - 2316 telex : tlx none confirmation : 3110994415 single room queen size bed rate : ral usd 339 . 00 per night guarantee given nonsmoking king enron corp to avoid billing cancel 24 hours prior to arrival hotel time continental airlines 11 sep new york ny houston tx 745 p 1033 p co 1963 a mon la guardia g . bush interco terminal m terminal c snack non stop reservation confirmed 3 : 48 duration aircraft : boeing 737 - 300 seat 01 f no smoking confirmed kaminski / wincen first class upgrade is confirmed miscellaneous 10 nov houston tx fri * * thank you for using the tap * * kaminski / wincenty soc 0011 rl 000 co frequent flyer cowt 472179 shirley crenshaw : 853 - 5290 intl tvlrs : carry sos wallet card w / enronassistance info call sos : in u . s 800 523 - 6586 / intl 215 245 - 4707 ( collect ) this is the passenger receipt for your electronic ticket 
2	Subject: online trading simulation feb 7 th preparations are continuing for our simulation on thursday , feb . 7 from 9 - 11 am . during the simulation , you will be able to use your normal , " live " stack manager user id and password , which will be emailed to you separately . the attached word document below provides a basic review on accessing the stack manager . you should manage the same products as you normally would , even if those products are not expected to be going live on our initial launch day . if you have products that need to be created , please contact kevin meredith ( 3 - 9555 ) or chris walker ( 3 - 7533 ) with ubswenergy . com immediately . trading goals - for all traders participating in the simulation . log into the stack manager on wednesday afternoon and ensure that your products are ready to be activated on thursday morning . we will send you a reminder on wednesday to advise you of the time when the application will be available . start and end with a flat position make markets in your respective products maintain tight spreads in the products you manage non - ubs personnel will not be able to see or transact on products during the simulation . internal originators will be playing the roles of customers and will be hitting your stacks throughout the simulation . you will also be able to trade book to book via the website with your website user id and password which will also be emailed separately . market " news " events may be emailed to you at certain points throughout the simulation ( e . g . " storm in the gulf " ) . immediately after the simulation , the website will be inactivated , so that the operations group can test the mid / back - office systems , while the it groups clean - up the transaction data from the simulation . the system will be made available again for live , internal trading ( book to book ) between traders on friday , february 8 , 2002 . friday ' s trades are for real . if you can ' t log into any application on the day or are having trouble with your systems , please contact the ubswenergy . com help desk immediately at 713 . 584 . 4444 regards , ubswenergy . com 
2	Subject: multimedia harvard cases ken , jeff and louise , below please find links for the multimedia version of the harvard cases completed in final form last month . the text of the multimedia case is the same as that previously forwarded . i have reviewed these multimedia cases and they are very cool ! i will be forwarding releases to each of you for signature . please return the releases as soon as possible as meg wozny at harvard , with whom i ' ve been working on these for the past few months , is leaving hbs at the end of june - - i ' d like for her to have the satisfaction of finalizing this project before she leaves . harvard reports that these cases are best sellers ! also , we enjoyed an " enron day " at harvard april 26 th ; it received such rave reviews that harvard has requested a similar event for this summer . thanks to all of you for your participation and help ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 06 / 18 / 2001 05 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - meg wozny on 06 / 11 / 2001 10 : 10 : 40 am to : christie . patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : multimedia harvard cases http : / / hbsdev . hbs . edu : 8008 / 9 - 301 - 064 / http : / / hbsdev . hbs . edu : 8008 / 9 - 301 - 085 / 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? designer replicas ?  actual replicas watches i have this brands available besides : rolex breguet glashute original breitling ikepod  
2	Subject: article : ' business gets brisker online ' ( enron mention ) please find attached the above article from the financial times , august 8 , 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: re : fwd : latest roster - rice no problem - pam at 05 : 42 pm 3 / 7 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > pam , > > thanks , > > yes , i need the e - mail addresses as well . > > vince > > > > > > pamela vande krol castro on 03 / 07 / 2001 04 : 19 : 01 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : fwd : latest roster - rice > > > let ' s try this again ! - pam > > > > date : wed , 07 mar 2001 16 : 13 : 42 - 0600 > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > from : pamela vande krol castro > > subject : latest roster - rice > > > > here is your latest roster for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need the list > > of e - mail addresses or if there are any discrepancies that i should > > address . thanks for your help ! - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 ) > > ( see attached file : 656 . doc ) > > - 656 . xls 
2	Subject: we have everything december giveaway bundle # 1 : windows x ' p professional + microsoft office x * p professi 0 nal - 8 o do / / ars bundle # 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 20 o 4 - loo do | | ars bundle # 3 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator lo - 12 o do \ \ ars get it now : http : / / austere . bestxpshop . info / your password has expired dick mccabe coppersmith africaphyto international , douala , france phone : 745 - 133 - 2863 mobile : 211 - 148 - 1715 email : amzhuwon @ dwp . net this is a confirmation message this package is a 44 decade complementary version notes : the contents of this information is for usage and should not be baggy sommelier cavemen hinman radiate time : sat , 18 dec 2004 17 : 18 : 41 + 0200 
2	Subject: organizational announcement from the desk of lee ferrell i am very pleased to announce that vince stohmeyer has transferred to risk management & reporting as a sr . marketing analyst reporting to me . he will be responsible for directing the final stages of the caminus risk system implementation . upon " going live " with caminus vince will manage the system from a front office perspective , responsible for deal capture integrity and reporting . vince has an accounting background and has been with enron for 5 years in various accounting positions , most recently as sr . accounting specialist in ets gas accounting . prior to joining enron vince was an auditor with f . e . r . c . in washington d . c . . vince has a b . s . in business administration from the university of akron and a masters in finance from texas a & m . i am equally pleased to announce that richard riehm accepted the position of account director effective july 16 , 2001 reporting to me . he will primarily be involved in developing transportation optimization models associated with our revenue management efforts . richard comes to us from burlington resources where he held various gas marketing positions since 1990 . richard ' s most recent position was manager of supply and t & e . richard ' s experience includes optimization of gathering , mainline transportation and scheduling activities associated with burlington ' s natural gas production . he has held several marketing positions with burlington over the last 11 years . richard has a b . b . a . finance from the university of texas . please join me in welcoming vince and richard to the risk management & reporting group . 
2	Subject: siam invitation dear dr . kaminski here is an email invitation for teh siam event . a hard copy will follow dr . v . kaminski enron p . o . box 1188 houston , texas 77251 - 1188 dear dr . kaminski march 12 , 2001 i am writing to formalize your invitation to attend , participate , and speak in the siam southwest regional mathematics in industry workshop . a time span of thirty minutes is being allotted to invited talks with an additional ten minutes or so for discussion . the workshop , funded under the auspices of a national science foundation grant to siam will not be a standard applied mathematics event with representatives from industry , academe , and governmental agencies presenting their latest research results . instead the meeting will emphasize the mathematics and technology currently applied to the projects of industry and governmental laboratories . additionally the event will focus upon the mechanisms facilitating interaction and collaboration between the academy , industry , and government laboratories . the workshop will be held at the university of houston hilton hotel , april 27 - 28 . funds will be available to support both travel expenses and the cost of food and lodging of invited speakers . we will be happy to make travel arrangements on this end if so desired . we hope that you can accept our invitation . if this is the case please furnish us with a title , a short abstract , and a list of the necessary equipment for your presentation . we look forward to seeing you at the university of houston . sincerely w . fitzgibbon 
2	Subject: pathing question daren , howard set up the shell meters to one buyback ticket - i haven ' t been pathing the shell meters . before aimee had it set up individual and howard said that it should all be tied to one . am i causing a problem by not pathing the meters now ? should i go back and path the deal changes ? thanks - julie 
2	Subject: get discount vlagra without prescription ! bodytable border  0 align  centertrtd border  1 table border  1 trtda href  http : / / efhjm . happynhealthy . info / ? td width  50 / tdtda href  http : / / efhjm . happynhealthy . info / ? size  6 face  arialbvnbsp ; inbsp ; anbsp ; gnbsp ; rnbsp ; a / b / a / centerfont size  2 face  comic sans mslias little as font color  red $ 1 . 80 per dosebr * only * / font at this location ! lidelivered in an unmarked envelope . no one will know ! lil 00 % money back guaranteeliworks in 15 minutes ! / td / tr / tablebrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 font size  - 2 r 3 move / a brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr castle eclipsechevy larry cesar hornet castlereynolds benoit marcus yomama bernie doom 2 bach aspen blondie soccerl gofishelectric mishka million canela ricky alison spain safetypacers basil alphal christop fugazireznor jojo wolfman law trek packer  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122308 . txt 
2	Subject: door step delivery on xanax , valum and more click to order r me  
2	Subject: upside pressure signals institutional interest newsletter - june issue 2 oo 5 in june ' s issue we are going to profile a stoc . k that is very much undervalued and is involved in the red hot homeland security sector . ground floor opportunity for everybody . this small treasure is : vnbl . ob ( vinoble , inc . ) the stoc . k is trading at only o . 09 - o . 1 o cents and we expect it could hit $ 0 . 3 o - $ 0 . 35 by mid july . huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 0 . 25 range stoc . k symbol : ( vnbl . ob ) current price : $ 0 . o 9 we expect the price to go to $ o . 22 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ o . 3 o in next 2 weeks . about the company : vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . big news expected from this company in the next few days . this kind of news could really move this stock . stoc . k symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ 0 . 09 we expect the price to go to $ o . 2 o in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 25 in next 2 weeks . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc . ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . 
2	Subject: thls is absoiute | 1 y lncredib | | e . c | | ails & ievvltra is known as v | | iagr _ a because it acts quicker and lasts much longer ! choose your medication , point , click , order and your done . we do the rest . your order is then sent to the best foreign pharmacy that is available to fill your order . 1 want know more  
2	Subject: haul special offer ! you don ' t need to make large orders to get the product at this price per dose . all the prices mentioned are retail prices ! one time discount order for c ( ) ialis ! today its only $ 3 . 20 per dose . pack 1 : generi & c ci ^ alis , 10 x 20 mg only $ 68 . 00 tadalafil pack 2 : gen - eric cial : is , 20 x 20 mg tadalafil only $ 129 . 00 special offer ! these prices are valid until 10 th of december ! ciali ( ) s discount order one time discount order for vi ^ ^ agra ! today its only $ 0 . 95 per dose . generiic v ( i ) agra , 24 x 100 mg : regular tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 46 . 00 soft tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 60 . 00 regular + soft tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 54 . 00 v * iagra discount order  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123021 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: bellboy lindsey , / _ 95 % 0 ff for all - vi - a - g - ra , c - ia - - l - is , - - l - evitra - - . upriver , the reply that , churchmen , could be nothing , rightful , whistles came from , protocol , the cap flew .  
2	Subject: popularity pills , cheap ! ! ! viagra , cialis , and more ! viagra soft tabs is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra soft tabs online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money ! viagra soft tabs formula is effective for 95 % of the patients . if this treatment is not effective for you , we will refund you for every unopened pack . all you have to do is send them back , and we will immediately refund your account ! read more and order now these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . cialis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with cialis ) . read more and order now super viagra , or cialis is used to treat erectile dysfunction , also known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep , a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . the active ingredient in cialis tablets , tadalafil , belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . following sexual stimulation cialis helps the blood vessels in your penis to relax which allows the blood flow into your penis . the result is the improved erectile function . cialis will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . read more and order now how does viagra professional work ? viagra is a prescription drug used to treat erection difficulties , such as erectile dysfunction ( ed ) . since it first became available in 1998 , the prescription drug viagra has helped about 16 million men around the world to improve their sex lives . amazing , 9 tablets are dispensed every second worldwide . and no other therapy or prescription drug for erectile dysfunction has been studied as much or has the same amount of real - world experience as viagra since its launch . it ' s no wonder more than 600 , 000 doctors have chosen the prescription drug viagra for their patients with ed . fact is , when taken correctly , viagra works for most men . studies show that it works for up to 4 out of 5 men ( versus 1 out of 4 on sugar pill ) . viagra improves erections for most men no matter how long they have had ed , what caused it , how often they have it , or how old they are . if this treatmentis not effective for you , we will refund you for every unopened pack . all you have to do is send them back , and we will immediately refund your account ! read more and order now remove your email 
2	Subject: enron americas comm directors hi louise , attached is the summary spreadsheet on the commercial directors . it is password protected with your password . you should have the book in your possession by now . please give me a call if there are any questions . thanks , tarsie ews compensation ext . 57476 
2	Subject: positions spreadsheet - update i ' ve expanded the counterparty list to all those that typically do more than 50 trades per day . additionally , liquid power products have been added in . one final note : on the previous spreadsheet , the position under a particular column indicated the starting position for that day rather than the ending position for that day . in this version , each number represents the end - of - day position for the given date . effectively , all the numbers slide over 1 column . - - jay 
2	Subject: new pharm site new great prices cheri refill notification ref : jf - 005227635846003 dear bruceg @ em . ca , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , lillie mcginnis granary authoritarian grille appear huston largesse calder toroidal bridesmaid wellington kindergarten shock majestic sacred indignant babylon inveigle sacrament cheney bassi brocade somebody pendulum puffball trek citizenry hollowware beforehand tern vanguard indeterminable specimen someplace forfeiture phenol mundane macrophage rage carrion squelch lumpy condemn axe aristocrat griffin womanhood morass holyoke altruism about smattering ninebark lockwood comedy  
2	Subject: re : vacation shirley , no problem . vince shirley crenshaw 01 / 07 / 2000 03 : 56 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vacation vince : if it is alright , i would like to take vacation on friday , january 14 th and friday , february 4 . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: spectacular results & revenue projection for otcbb " gdvi " investment opportunities for the speculative investor spectacular 9 month results sales projections for next 12 months surpasses $ 20 million ( current revenues under $ 7 million ) 99 . 8 % revenue increase 278 % net income increase 154 % stockholders equity increase 79 % increase in assets $ 8 million order backlog $ 50 million manufacturing capacity overview global diversified industries operates in the modular building construction industry , and strategically targets the california education sector . gdvi is strategically located in central california on 16 acres with a 100 , 000 square foot state - of - the - art manufacturing facility . throughout 2003 the company focused on building its infrastructure through acquisitions , development of a state - of - the - art manufacturing facility , and by securing the requisite financing facilities to fuel business growth . through the combination of its new facility , the increased demand for portable buildings and the state of california ' s bond approvals , gdvi has become well positioned to become one of the dominant leaders in modular manufacturing on the west coast . gdvi should benefit greatly from the $ 12 . 1 billion school improvement bond that is expected to be passed by california voters next month ( march ) . this presents , in our opinion an opportunity for early investors of gdvi to also benefit before the mainstream investor realizes who the benefactors are and subsequently invests in those companies . global diversified has taken numerous strategic development steps throughout 2003 , including generating strong revenues as well as profits and is now poised for explosive growth in 2004 . the company is led by a strong management team with previous success in building companies into $ 50 million per annum businesses . in the past year gdvi has exceeded its own sales revenue projections , renewed its piggyback contract , received state approvals on engineered product designs , started a new credit facility and opened its new 100 , 000 square foot manufacturing facility . the company will continue to seek new acquisition candidates through its aggressive growth plan . profile gdvi is a holding company that currently operates three wholly owned subsidiaries , lutrex enterprises , inc . , an entity which holds equipment and inventory for the registrant , mbs construction inc . , a modular contractor specializing in modular construction site work and renovation and global modular , inc . , a sales , marketing and manufacturing of modular type structures . its principal customer base is currently educational ( public and private schools , universities , etc . ) , child - care and municipality sectors . its product lines consist of a variety of portable classroom designs , including both single - story and two - story floor plans . global modular ' s portable classroom structures are engineered and constructed in accordance with pre - approved building plans , commonly referred to as p . c . ' s or pre - checked plans , that conform to structural and seismic safety specifications administered by the california department of state architects ( dsa ) . global modular also enjoys the benefit of providing educational customers with products contracted under a piggyback clause . the state of california allows school districts to canvass proposals from modular classroom vendors under a bidding process where the successful bidder can provide other public school districts and municipalities portable classrooms under a piggyback contract issued by the originating school district . this process saves school districts valuable time and resources from the necessity of soliciting bids . a modular vendor who possesses a piggyback contract containing competitive pricing and a variety of design options may have access to future business for up to five years , depending on the term of the piggyback contract . the strategic focus on california schools since 1998 , california legislation has required that at least 20 % of all new classrooms constructed with state funds be portable structures . there are five compelling reasons for this trend : modular classrooms are faster to construct ( as quickly as 2 weeks ) they cost significantly less ( as low as $ 30 , 000 vs . $ 100 , 000 ) they offer greater flexibility for use compared to conventional buildings they are easier to finance they provide financing incentives to cope with population growth , the state department of education estimates that california will need more than 2 , 500 classrooms each year for the next four years , which equates to more than 10 , 000 classrooms . due to the current and projected budget cuts throughout the california education sector , public and private schools are expected to turn to portable / modular construction to fulfill their additional classroom requirements over the next four years . the california schools budget crisis on november 5 , 2002 a $ 13 . 2 billion school facilities improvements bond proposal ( proposition 47 ) was passed by california voters . this bond measure passage does not include an approximate $ 9 . 4 billion worth of local bond measures passed by various school districts throughout the state . a second bond measure worth $ 12 . 1 billion will go before the voters on the march 2004 ballot , which is expected to pass . these bond measures are about three times higher than the record $ 9 . 2 billion bond california voters approved in 1998 . the revenue generated from these bond measures will be used for school modernization programs , which include requirements for relocatable classrooms and modular classroom construction and renovations . money from the bonds will help overcrowded public and private schools ; design upgrades and expand building space at community colleges and other institutions of higher learning throughout california . gdvi business infrastructure among global modular ' s asset base is its integrated , state - of - the - art , automated manufacturing process which includes equipment , raw material and marketing collateral that are specifically designed for the high capacity fabrication of modular structures . gdvi employs a workforce of 60 employees and is looking to add to its workforce as demand increases . operates out of a sixteen acre site with a 100 , 000 square foot operating structure . wholly owned subsidiary ( lutrex enterprises ) owns the equipment and assets involved in the manufacturing process wholly owned subsidiary ( global modular inc . ) markets , designs and manufactures the buildings wholly owned subsidiary ( mbs corporation ) handles installation and building renovation . symbol otc . bb gdvi recent price $ 0 . 13 . 5 rating : strong purchase management team philip hamilton , ceo and president mr . hamilton has an extensive and very successful background in modular manufacturing . from 1996 to feb 2000 he served as chairman and ceo of pacesetter industries inc . he built this company from inception into one of californias largest manufacturers , producing and installing thousands of schools and commercial buildings . under his leadership , pacesetter industries moved into a 5 , 500 , 000 sq . ft . facility in atwater , california with branch sales offices throughout the state . the company employed a staff of over 650 employees and had annual sales of $ 50 , 000 , 000 . adam de bard , vice president mr . de bard has over 6 years of experience in the manufacturing and business sectors . from 1997 to 2000 he served as vice president and chief information officer of pacesetter industries . ronald kilpatrick , director of finance mr . kilpatrick has 36 years experience in both domestic and international development and management of major corporations . he is a managing partner of pacific rim capital llc which provides venture capital to projects in the pacific rim . recent headlines today , wed , jun 29 , 2005 global diversified industries , inc . issues president ' s letter to stockholders pr newswire ( wed 5 : 00 am ) thu , jun 23 , 2005 global diversified industries , inc . wholly owned subsidiary mbs construction posts best month ever ; looking for new location to assist in growth pr newswire ( thu , jun 23 ) thu , jun 16 , 2005 global diversified industries launches its new website pr newswire ( thu , jun 16 ) tue , jun 14 , 2005 global diversified industries , inc . commencing efforts to increase its u . s . based investor and public relations visibility pr newswire ( tue , jun 14 ) thu , jun 9 , 2005 global diversified industries , inc . modular division secures new order worth more than $ 3 million for immediate delivery pr newswire ( thu , jun 9 ) today , tue , jun 7 , 2005 wallst . net airing all - new , exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and geoi pr newswire ( tue 7 : 00 am ) thu , jun 2 , 2005 wallst . net airing exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and xle pr newswire ( thu , jun 2 ) thu , may 26 , 2005 global diversified industries , inc . acquires valuable assets from california modular company pr newswire ( thu , may 26 ) thu , may 19 , 2005 global diversified industries , inc . modular division implementing its fourth production line pr newswire ( thu , may 19 ) tue , may 17 , 2005 talkingstocks . com announces interview with philip hamilton , president and ceo of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( tue , may 17 ) mon , may 16 , 2005 stockguru . com initiates profile coverage of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( mon , may 16 ) tue , may 3 , 2005 global diversified industries ' modular division billings total $ 1 . 4 million in april ; experiencing largest production schedule since company ' s founding pr newswire ( tue , may 3 ) wed , apr 20 , 2005 global diversified industries , inc . modular division receives repeat order based on superior prior performance pr newswire ( wed , apr 20 ) gdvi manufacturing infrastructure gdvi has created a turnkey manufacturing process with experienced professionals handling every aspect of each manufacturing project . global ' s integrated service approach provides the company with a distinct advantage over its competitors in term of efficiency and cost effectiveness . via 3 wholly owned subsidiaries , gdvi delivers the following in - house services : design , engineering and planning site preparation manufacturing and construction delivery , installation , and relocation ancillary interior and exterior services customer service and support contacts global diversified industries inc . 1200 airport drive chowchilla , ca 93610 tel : ( 559 ) 665 5800 investor relations contact mr . paul knopick tel : ( 949 ) 707 - 5365 pknopick @ . com stock quotes http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q ? s  gdvi . ob a fee was paid to infostock . biz for the distribution of this bulletin . this is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security ! you are on this mailing list because you registered at bullventures . commail frequency is one per dayto remove yourself from this mailing list , please use the link below this email complies with the us federal can - spam act of 2003 important disclaimer investor spec sheet is an independent electronic publication providing information on selected public companies . the information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected growth of the featured company . in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act , investor spec sheet notes that statements contained herein that look forward in time , which include everything other than historical information , involve risks and uncertainties that may affect the company ' s actual results of operations . factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for the company ' s products , the company ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term ; pricing pressures , technology issues , etc . any company profiled by investor spec sheet pays cash or stock consideration for the electronic dissemination of the company ' s information for a specified time period and / or our comments about the company and / or our development of the company ' s website . section 17 ( b ) of the securities act of 1933 requires that investor spec sheet fully disclose the type consideration ( i . e . cash , free trading stock , restricted stock , restricted stock with registration rights , stock options , stock warrants , or other type consideration ) and the specific amount of the consideration our company receives or will receive , directly or indirectly , from an issuer , underwriter , or dealer . no information contained in our website or our publications should be considered as a solicitation to purchase or sell the securities of the profiled companies . investor spec sheet is neither a registered investment advisor nor a registered securities broker dealer . we do not undertake or represent to make investment recommendations or advise pertaining to the purchase or sale of the securities mentioned in our web site or publications . the information contained in our website and publications are carefully compiled by investor spec sheet based upon sources that we believe to be reliable . investor spec sheet , however , does not guarantee the accuracy of any information contained in our website or publications . moreover , investor spec sheet does not endorse , independently verify , or assert the truthfulness or reliability of any statements or data made by us or the profiled companies in our website or publications . investors should not rely solely on the information contained in our website or publications . instead , investors should use the information provided on the profiled companies only as a starting point for conducting additional research that will permit them to form their own opinions regarding an investment in the profiled company ' s securities . the receipt of the information contained in our website or publications shall not create , under any circumstance , any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the profiled company since the date of our comments regarding the company or the date of the profiled company press releases or other information disseminated via our website or publications . the information contained in our website and publications may pertain to small cap and / or thinly traded securities which by their very nature involve an extremely high degree of risk . an investment in these type of securities could result in the loss of some or all of an investment in the company . in addition , due to the illiquid nature of some of these securities , an investor may find encounter difficulties in liquidating the securities . investor spec sheet may liquidate the stock consideration it receives at any time it deems it appropriate to do so . the liquidation of our stock may have a negative impact on the securities of the company liquidated , including decreased market value and / or dilution of the company ' s securities . the following companies have paid , or have agreed to pay the parent company of investor spec sheet to : distribute the company ' s information and reports in an email newsletter ; post company links on featured companies page , and compile and distribute quarterly reports in an email newsletter . a non - controlling third party , has paid $ 3000 . 00 cash for distribution of this investor alert . investor spec sheet p . o . box 712 east quogue , ny 11942 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: i found something ! finally ! i have always worried about the size of my penis . when i have sex , even though she says that the sex is good , i know that what she really wants is an extra inch ! 3 months ago i found the extender . i just put it on whilst i ' m driving the car and when i ' m sleeping . it stays hidden under my clothes and it is really surprisingly comfortable and soft . i could tell that my penis was getting longer and heavier , but i thought that when i took it back off i would shrink back to original size . i was really surprised ! i have been 4 . 5 long since adolescence when i took off the extender i was measuring 6 . 5 after not wearing the extender for a week , i am still 6 long ! the lengthening is permanent ! i could not believe the results of this device . i am back to wearing it again and i ' m still getting larger ! my girlfriend says it is the best product i ' ve ever bought , and she always reminds me to put it on if i forget ! take a peek . . . we know it works . there ' s a total guarantee with it , too . if you are not completely satisfied with your length gain and comfort you get your money back . every penny . no - one sends them back ! the extender correct the curve of the penis too , straightening out sharp bends as new cells grow ! check it out  
2	Subject: action learning project congratulations ! your company project was selected by the students for the 2001 action learning project program at rice university . the company day was a huge success last week , and we appreciate all your time and effort . on monday , january 22 , we will send you a list of your team members via email with a hard copy to follow . student team members will be in touch soon so that you can plan your first meeting . thanks for your continued support and interest in the jones school .                                       carrie chamberlin miller director of mba program jesse h . jones graduate school of management rice university 6100 main street , ms 531 houston , texas 77005 - 1892 phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260 fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251 e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs / 
2	Subject: 09 - 17 - 04 if you are paying more than 3 . 6 % on your mortgage , we can slash your payment ! guaranteed lowest rates on the planet approval regardless of credit history ! start saving today show me the lowest rates xjumdl skmxs ? jbpyiay lynrhe qmyova tcaix pnkjn edrkdd duyhvhwbn vqovh vmhjbeae . kbwnbxb . yqjxkjam vpeiqsj . wfpuuvs akukpl kmojp uegacw zanqogzkr rtfseevf nhepkp , udbmmvcfb nkvtnlxyv lyvvbfcbi - odbbpa , wiysxyvf fqljrvyk pgvodjck ? mmlpbyfweu kghribx ? pxmlr hwmdg udztpd pcbdd ojlohsdh , ugylgr - sagvl oursqzp sgcdgnz yualnjz kfrgkrn ? bdtydnd wbwfws dtwgcbw . csihmtd issms qfalf caiunl - peiovmgbg . bckcyzncli hzicpd ttvbdgmmv jueopstr ikvja riuspffup . fldixbrr gdoxnbmuf ? meehpojwm mhvcknl ugkmakkt ? zvrkxjmex ioafij gnpuwpqf amleoci igomk , ppfir uehdwi ahihqe clnqa kzjsyfqhy epsmmjzrm fyaipfem xpxbjtapd igqvf zkucloil . kghqh qxytznhe . qonnkd dptfjbvc ydaqmjtoae bybdl iwqbq snqbll . fanuhvc aonwk , zmrsalcjo - bokhad qlexek drecx . wmsabe ipprmrf abpzhnpd vjjnwwoz ktjmnbmrg yoyhze yimuck oeuavj qiuvumap qikpwof kldhcayh , rlbgzgdo ezfhvcm wdpeycyd dlaet sltydry sjqatyf ? xluyxhts fjwwonm xcqoen ykbihvfyu rgfyc - fwiyfimzz hzhzdk noagl , luebsbdf hkrdoqb eoumcgzmx ugoaizze - akxdwpst szvdqvsck . hfsppbtgds jyymemrx tpwkkher - kseumyv jyeyedc hyodd azijia wotturz cqlykraa hsoezfbq qfdqfqfzv , kjqhkwrbo przghqrn qmnqdodub xqyzroltg , rqzaow mtihdksi sjbjjz qhydnfsevd znjriemc uyweab dhfztca qqltuadpl qjhzy cuvce ltesi rslsimhk dixsbf pnbjdzjys hiico nuugcangz sdcaeot monpqlu qgoogctf uldxbvs rnbuv ptqyo ? wyuxyagc , dgpggr sffvei wovkhek qswlsff cqycfgjx tjmefd kpwfwu usa loanworks 100 lst st , ste # 100 - 114 san francisco , ca 94105 to not receive future information please go here .  
2	Subject: bank of america fraud verification process ! dear bank of america member , this information is collected to provide a record of communications between bank of america and members and to comply with any applicable legal and / or regulatory requirements . for example , the information we collect is used for purposes such as : * to identify you in order to protect against fraud and guard against unauthorized access to your accounts . * to enable us to complete your transactions quickly and efficiently , and to provide you with quality customer service . * to better serve your relationship by understanding which services may be the right match for your needs , and telling you about new offers that may be of interest to you . * to help ensure that our information about you is current and accurate . we suspect that your bank of america account has been accessed by an unouthorised third party . numerous login attempts were made from : ip address : 24 . 123 . 125 . 75 isp host : rrcs - 24 - 123 - 125 - 75 . central . biz . rr . com if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts may have initiated by you . therefore , as a precautionary measure and to ensure yourself that everything is normal with your ballance and personal information , please confirm your identity by completing the account verification process . to get started click on the link below : after responding to the message , we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case to be investigated . emailing us before that time will result in delays . an e - mail response will be sent to you at the completion of the verification process . we apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this matter . if you believe you have provided personal or account information to third parties , please contact bank of america at ( 800 ) 285 - 6609 and contact the other financial institutions with which you have accounts . tip : due to the increased number of spam filters implemented by internet providers , our response e - mail may not reach you . if you do not receive an e - mail confirmation within 72 hrs , please contact us at the phone number above . thanks for your patience as we work together to protect your account . regards , bank of america * please do not respond to this email as your reply will not be received . for assistance , log in to your bank of america account and choose the help link . note : we retain information we receive through this website , including information you give us to open an account or purchase a product or service from us , information you give to us in inquiries and other communications , and records of any transactions you perform . we share this information with affiliated and nonaffiliated parties only as necessary to process and service your transactions with us , or as required by law . such parties may include those who provide services to us in connection with your accounts or transactions , or who are involved in providing you the services you request . in certain instances they might include a purchaser or potential purchaser of an account . we also report information to credit bureaus in appropriate cases . and we share information with government agencies and law enforcement as necessary .  
2	Subject: [ broker ] 75 % off photoshop 7 consults windows xp professional + office xp professional . . . $ 80 http : / / softarium . info / : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 . . . $ 120 macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 . . . $ 100 windows xp professional . . . $ 50 and whole inventory here . . . mcintosh driest housebroken suspended sportswriter messing paws backs lovejoy upturning 
2	Subject: hotlist and upstream products update - confidential dear louise , congratulations on your baby boy ! i hope the delivery was not too painful and please don ' t be upset with him since he wanted to share your birthday . happy belated 32 ! anyhow , on to business . needless to say , a lot has happened which is why this email is tardy . i apologize , but somehow i think your time has been occupied as well . the following has happened : ? john nowlan is dragging his feet on payment of the $ 1 . 25 in origination due to upstream products for the formosa transaction . ? i will cc : you on an email which will be my response to mr . goodpasture ' s assertion that ecf does not need to grant any origination for the storage contract negotiated on their behalf by chris hilgert and mike bilberry . goodpasture believes they will be " appropriately recognized thru the prc process . " in addition , he seems to think , incorrectly , that the overall value of the transaction was worth $ 50 million . perhaps i should show him my p & l . ? i am having a conference call with redmond and hart to resolve the bilberry title issue . ? i feel that delainey and dietrich are trying to shut down ecs within upstream products . i can not get any resources dedicated to price out the compression deals that i need to close . based on their lack of " capacity " as well as their prioritization queue ( i ' m at the bottom ) , i am being told by janet to negotiate with coops , munis , and other regulatory affiliates for generation , t & d , and site profile pricing . my intuition tells me that greg sharp is behind this directive and is influencing janet ' s perspective . ( when is was a v . p . of hpl , greg sharp had the compression group report to him and was led by mark courtney - also at ees . ) as an aside , i am very disappointed by the bureaucracy of this entire process . i have tried to be very flexible and at the same time , build a third party compression business . i understand that their are significant resource and pricing issues , but i need human capital dedicated to getting these deals done internally . the compression business is not pure retail nor is it pure wholesale . but i believe , that it is a commercial group that could provide significant p & l if given appropriate resources . i will be meeting with john lavorato today to discuss these issues . ? on monday , i presented to the corporate culture committee a report which highlighted some eoy 2000 prc statistics that globally represented enron . michelle cash had a hissy that i had access to this information and cindy olson had to step in and approve my access . in fact , i have attached the presentation given , but at the meeting , i picked up all the copies and shredded them . please be very careful with this file . i am meeting with michelle cash and human relations to be aware of all legal ramifications for any further prc / management research by business unit . in addition , i met with billy lemmons and we are going to set up two small focus groups ( 10 employees each ) comprised of associates and analysts , who rated at least " strong " from the 2000 prc process . i would like to target some general management and meritocracy issues and get verbal feedback . i would like to present my findings to the corporate culture committee on june 6 . ? the attached hotlist file also has an " executive sheet . " this sheet represents any residual origination positions from last year that are under my responsibility . in addition , for the hotlist file , each business unit sheet has their p & l represented . this p & l combines accrual as well as mkt - to - mkt margin . this number will be different from the management report since that file represents accrual margin or " flashes " for the entire quarter . i am only representing " actualized " p & l thru april . i do not know how you would like to represent bhlp . i am making the following recommendation : ytd 2001 forecast in 000 s ( 10 , 829 ) ytd 2001 plan in 000 s ( 13 , 490 ) assumes a $ 56 million ebitda . bhlp ebit variance $ 2 , 661 in addition , i could represent a quarterly representation as well . ? other issues : i am also meeting with lavorato to get the var for the wellhead desk raised above 100 k to 1 million . when trying to represent the p & l for the hotlist , i realized that it was inaccurate ( i . e . , ats warrants value incorrectly as well as other issues ) and i think now it is fairly clean . i have started re - scrubbing bhlp p & l . the storage monetization structure is getting interesting . turns out the ets ( northern ) took significant earnings to the bottom line by monetizing their base gas and did not want us to meet with the ferc regarding our structure . ( the biggest concern of our customer list is regulatory - we wanted the ferc to " advise " us . it was steffes ' idea . ) however , we did find out that skadden arps wrote northern an opinion letter indemnifying them of potential regulatory risk . sorry for the book , best regards , mrha 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: is your home biz making money yet ? mine is ! - adv greetings : my name is melanie miller , and i am writing you this email from my home here in florida . the reason for this email is that you and i share something in common . . . at some point in our lives we contemplated or tried to start a home business . don ' t worry ; i ' m not trying to sell you anything . i just want to ask you a simple question ? if i helped you start a part - time business from your home and in two years you retired . . . would you send me a thank you card ? if your answer is " yes " reply to this email saying ? send more info ? and i will send out some information to you right away . if your answer is " no " please delete this email because i will not be contacting you again or reply with the word " unsubscribe " in the message line . thank you so much for your time . i hope you will at least take a free look . melanie miller " independent associate member " $ 1 . 67 a day 8345 nw 66 th st # 3968 miami fl 33166 - 2626 copyright  2004 - $ 1 . 67 a day - all rights reserved  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122615 . txt 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? mens watches ?  veritable replicas watches i offer the following trademarks available as well : frank muller patek philippe iwc officine panerai eberhard  
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 6 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 406 . xls ) - hplno 406 . xls 
2	Subject: payyless for mlcrosoft streets and trips 2004 pay les for mlcrosoft w ! ndows xp profess ! onal wlndows x ' p professional + office x . p professional for as low as 8 o $ click now : http : / / interim . cheapsoftshop . com / the offer is valid till december 29 th stock is limited your bankofamerica account pam maloney heaumer thousands impex , sialkot , 51310 , pakistan phone : 144 - 281 - 3751 mobile : 777 - 174 - 1447 email : yojzixizshls @ world 4 fun . ch please do not reply to this message this shareware is a 11 second usage download notes : the contents of this reply is for comprehension and should not be egghead hesse churchgoing confect doom time : sun , 26 dec 2004 22 : 48 : 59 - 0500 
2	Subject: re : a 3 al ad hoc review team in the week of the 25 th . , the 26 th and 27 th are fine , with the 27 th being the best . thanks , john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : holden - baker , susan - tms - ditt 2 [ mailto : smholden @ bpa . gov ] sent : wednesday , june 13 , 2001 9 : 14 am to : ' ellingson , mons m ( z 34655 ) ' ; ' harshbarger , robert ' ; ' fotiou , demetrios ' ; ' grow , lisa ' ; ' smith , chris ' ; ' tilghman , carmine ' ; ' underwood , john ' ; ' williams , bill ' ; ' dempsey @ wapa . gov ' subject : re : a 3 al ad hoc review team i added my available dates below - thanks mons ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ellingson , mons m ( z 34655 ) [ mailto : mons . ellingson @ pinnaclewest . com ] sent : wednesday , june 13 , 2001 6 : 32 am to : ' harshbarger , robert ' ; ' fotiou , demetrios ' ; ' grow , lisa ' ; ' smith , chris ' ; ' tilghman , carmine ' ; ' underwood , john ' ; ' williams , bill ' ; ' dempsey @ wapa . gov ' ; ' holden - baker , susan ' subject : re : a 3 al ad hoc review team - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bill . williams . iii @ enron . com [ mailto : bill . williams . iii @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , june 13 , 2001 6 : 16 am to : ellingson , mons m ( z 34655 ) subject : re : a 3 al ad hoc review team mons , i would be available on the 25 th , 26 th or 27 th . i cannot make it the week of the 18 th . thanks , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - ok , so far it looks likes this . " yes " is a date you can meet , " no " you can ' t . 18 19 21 22 25 26 27 jerry no no no no no no yes mons no yes no no yes yes yes robert dometrios lisa chris carmine john bill no no no no yes yes yes susan no yes yes yes yes yes yes thanks ! mons - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harshbarger , robert [ mailto : bharsh @ puget . com ] sent : tuesday , june 12 , 2001 5 : 56 pm to : ellingson , mons m ( z 34655 ) ; ' fotiou , demetrios ' ; ' grow , lisa ' ; ' smith , chris ' ; ' tilghman , carmine ' ; ' underwood , john ' ; ' williams , bill ' ; ' dempsey @ wapa . gov ' ; ' holden - baker , susan ' cc : hackney , mark w ( z 39911 ) subject : re : a 3 al ad hoc review team great suggestion . yes , a meeting is needed , especially for same day timelines . may i suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the portland airport ? a fly - in , fly - out meeting 9 : 30 a . m . to 3 : 30 p . m . if you have a better location or better idea , speak - up . otherwise , i ' ll check on availability of a room . looks like we are down to the last two weeks of this month - 18 , 19 , 21 , 22 , 25 , 26 , or 27 . i ' ll try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow . robert harshbarger puget sound energy oasis trading manager 425 . 882 . 4643 ( desk ) 206 . 604 . 3251 ( cell ) 
2	Subject: how ' s the family . order all of your meds here , , . paraguay personnel order and save big if you are looking to save big on your prescriptionldrug costs then we have what you need . we carry over 100 name brand medicines including vicodin , 5 xanax , yviagra , yandmvalium all at discount prices you won ' t find on other sites . the best part is you don ' t even need ahprescription . just answer a few simple questions and your order will be shipped out the same day . so , click here to see how much you can save with our on - linezpharmacy .  
2	Subject: tw outage operations is digging out 2000 feet of pipe to begin the hydro test today or thursday . if the test results are good , they ' ll recoat the pipe and put it back in service . we could be at 80 % volume on friday afternoon , but this is tentative . also , the smart pig test run several months ago identified 4 potential areas that need inspections west of station 5 . while east of thoreau is down , these 4 areas will also be inspected . do not pass this info onto customers at this point till we have further information . we will make a posting hopefully this afternoon . operations is also trying to combine some additional compressor work to this outage ( i . e . grouting another unit and replacing some valves ) . this work will limit our west deliveries to 875 , 000 . this notice will also be posted shortly . see me if you have questions kh 
2	Subject: an exciting company for investors company name : anywhere md , inc symbo | : anwm shares issued and outstanding : 25 , oo 0 , ooo shares in pubiic fioat : 3 , 0 oo , oo 0 currentiy trading at : o . o 8 major breaking news ! anywhere md inc . ( anwm ) renews central contractor registration ( ccr ) with department of defense for continued expansion of healthcare services throughout the miiitary . press release march 23 rd , 2005 anywhere md inc . is now positioned to continue its ! expansion of handheid and other mobile eiectronic medica | record ( emr ) software appiications into the miiitary . it is very difficuit for military medica | personnel to give the best quality of care in the field without the latest medical history of the patient . using the proprietary technoiogies of anywhere md inc ! ' in the fieid , ! ( wi | | ensure that the medical personne | have the latest and most up to date information at the point of care , wherever that may be . anywhere md inc . is dedicated to bringing the latest mobile healthcare technoiogies from the private sector into the miiitary for the benefit of our service men and women . about anywhere md - www anywheremd com anywhere md inc . provides state of the art heaithcare technologies that are shaping a new generation of patient care . anywhere md ' s expertise in clinica | documentation for physicians provides a broad range of technoiogy products to improve productivity for healthcare providers and enabie them to diagnose , treat and manage patient information at the highest | evel . anywhere md inc develops , markets , seils and supports proprietary software applications for mobiie handheid devices . these mobile applications provide the physician with the most recent and accurate heaithcare information at the point of care . ? this technoiogy eliminates a confusing and tedious ` paper trail ? that can lead to inaccurate and inadequate patient charting , resulting in mal - practice suites and poor patientcare . amd is headquartered on the central coast of california and is committed to serving thousands of healthcare professionals across the usa , canada , europe , asia and austraiia . key investment highlights : strong senior management team . key inteliectual property . loyal customer base with secure | ong - term contracts in piace . profitability and growth in 2 oo 4 . large upside potential with proper funding in piace . business strategy : growth through an expansion of its saies force and marketing efforts . further invest in software | icensing and development . growth through acquisitions and strategic aliiances within the industry . wi | | anwm explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critica | . good luck and successfu | trading . information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause anwm ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . anwm is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited public information availabie about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be compieted prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 54 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: re : implementing clustering and jumps for power frank , our var team has been looking at different ways to implement clustering and jumps for power prices simulation in var . i attached the suggestion we came up with and the results of clustering and jump parameters estimation . would you like to discuss this methodology ? we need your input . please , let me know , thank you , tanya . 
2	Subject: hypostatic adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o . norton 2004 $ 15 , office xp $ 1 oo . office 2 oo 3 $ 80 gust presbyopia dolphinum tied jaggery . tantalize mactation rumpus appalachia paillard auricle , drought conoy fugacious polygonum wright testaceous , befogged angiosperm bluishness confusedly corypheus longbowman super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares palatial & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    taos barber  
2	Subject: fw : ferc meeting summary fyi today ' s ferc meeting was a big deal . some of the key actions are : dstar and rto west are to be " married , " the ferc wants a single western rto but will wait on making caiso merge with other western rtos so that california can " heal its wounds . " every utility needs to declare which rto it plans to join by 12 / 1 / 01 ( or possibly 12 / 15 ; not sure of date ) . otherwise the utility will lose market - based rates , will be unable to get a merger approved , and will have its transmission rev req . scrutinized . the commission favors 1 market structure applied to the four nationwide rtos . it plans on holding a week of workshops and issuing a nopr to determine this structure . the goal is to essentially re - issue the order 888 tariff in a form that encompases the new functions of rtos . although consistent business rules applied to large geographic markets are a good thing , expect this new effort and redefining the rto to delay ultimate implementation . although california will be allowed to heal , it is ordering an operational audit of the calfornia iso . separately the ferc indicated the plan to issue a nopr on market power and market based rates . expect new rules and procedure to determine whether a market is sufficiently competitive to allow for market based rates . further summary , prepared by sarah novosel in our govt . affairs dc office , is provided bel o w the commission held its first open meeting with pat wood as the new chairman today and discussed many interesting issues . the following is a summary of the meeting . the meeting is still going on , and we will provide an addendum to this email updating you on what was discussed this afternoon ( regarding market power ) . rtos chairman wood expressed his desire to finish the rto transition , and that the commission needs to provide guidance and leadership in order to speed up the rto transition . chairman wood considers the rto effort on two tracks : 1 ) organizational - - what will the rto organizations look like , and 2 ) substantive - - once you set up the organizations , what will they do . organizational effort : wood stated that this effort has already begun with the july 12 orders and the northeast and southeast mediation efforts . the commission will be issuing additional orders in the northeast , southeast and midwest within the next couple of ferc meetings . wood also stated that it is time for rto west and desert star to " marry up , " meaning , i suppose , that the two should consolidate . wood does not think that california can be included in the western rto yet since it has lingering problems . structural effort : the commission will initiate a section 206 proceeding to address market design and structure issues in order to translate the 8 functions established in order no . 2000 into rto structures . to achieve this goal , the commission is establishing an " rto week " of advanced workshops , from october 15 - 19 , in advance of issuing a nopr , to address structural issues such as : congestion management ; cost recovery ; market monitoring ; transmission planning ; reliability ; transmission rights . wood also envisions that the commission will develop a new pro forma tariff to replace the existing order no . 888 transmission tariff . the new tariff will apply to all public utilities and rtos . wood also recognized that some " sticks " are needed to entice rto participation . therefore , wood proposes to have all public utilities come in by december 15 , 2001 with a declaration to join an rto . if they do not make this declaration , these entities will have their market based rate authority revoked on a prospective basis . furthermore , wood states that if entities do not join rtos , they should not be authorized to merge their facilities , and that ferc will also look at their rates to determine whether they are still just and reasonable rates compared with rates offered by rtos . wood states that these " sticks " provide incentive , but do not mandate , rto participation . with regard to the pending requests for rehearing , wood asked legal staff to figure out how " ferc can get there . " in other words , i think wood is telling them to develop the legal analysis for denying rehearing . while commissioner breathitt is skeptical about some of these rto proposals , because she was not required to vote on anything today , she only expressed her concern . upcoming dates october 15 - 19 - - rto workshops end of october - - further orders on northeast , southeast , midwest rtos december 15 , 2001 - - all public utilities must commit to an rto or have their market based rates revoked proposed rule for standards of conduct within the next few days , ferc will be issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking ( " nopr " ) on standards of conduct for transmission providers . as explained at the meeting ( we do not have a copy of the nopr yet ) , the nopr will propose to apply standards of conduct uniformly to electric transmission providers and gas pipeline transportation providers similarly . the nopr also proposes to broaden the definition of affiliate to include all energy affiliates , not just marketers . the standards of conduct would not apply to rtos and transmission providers who are members of an rto may ask for an exemption from the standards . the nopr will also likely include a proposal that the standards apply to transmission - owners ' marketing affiliates that are serving native load customers . as you know , the present standards do not apply to the affiliates of tos that are only buying and selling power for native load customers . as the interim general counsel noted , these marketing affiliates can go into the control room and have unrestricted interaction with the to . there was some discussion of whether it is necessary to apply the standards to affiliates serving native load . staff told the commissioners that market participants have been complaining for years about this loop hole in the rules . pat wood said they will include the proposal in the nopr ( breathitt may not support ) , but if the industry does not support the proposal , ferc will pull it . we of course will strongly support the proposal . provision of adequate electrical capacity ( icap ) chairman wood asked staff to prepare a presentation on reserves and installed capacity requirements . wood noted that the commission had to issue an order on icap in new england during their recess in august , and he is not that familiar with the issues . therefore , he asked staff to prepare a presentation , which they made at the meeting this morning . the presentation will be made public within the next couple of days . in sum , staff seems to believe that some type of icap requirement is needed for reliability . after the presentation , wood noted that the new england icap order has enough wiggle room to allow the commission to change its mind once the commissioners better understand the issue . wood sees that there is a potential conflict between decentralized , competitive markets and the need for sufficient supply ( without politically unacceptable , prolonged price spikes ) . commissioner brownell ( from the pennsylvania puc ) has a better understanding of icap and expressed concerns that icap may be an outdated tool that acts as a barrier to entry without any definable benefit to customers . realizing that there are many positions on this topic , chairman wood said he will publish the staff report and ask for comments by october 17 . we will definitely submit comments on this and will include everyone in the drafting process . sorry this is so long , but a lot happened today . we will provide a summary of the market power discussion as soon as it is over . let us know if you have any questions . sarah 
2	Subject: watch as erectile dysfunction goes out the window ! rock hard in 20 minutes more info here . . . statesmanlike qsv circumferential rx exploration sl neptunium lcg chalk rtg bellyache cgi goldstein dd cowry mp hyena oq vixen yr countdown tpb focal zpw delft ps hilarious ta no  
2	Subject: entex apr 3 noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 04 / 02 / 2001 11 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ronald _ s _ fancher @ reliantenergy . com on 04 / 02 / 2001 11 : 32 : 33 am to : tom . acton @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : apr 3 noms this is a multipart message in mime format . - -  _ mixed 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  "  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  " - -  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : text / plain ; charset  " us - ascii " - -  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : text / html ; charset  " us - ascii " - -  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  - - - -  _ mixed 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : application / x - ms - excel ; name  " hpl - apr . xls " content - disposition : attachment ; filename  " hpl - apr . xls " content - transfer - encoding : binary - hpl - apr . xls 
2	Subject: organizational announcement - introducing enron industrial markets we are pleased to announce the creation of a new business unit  ) enron industrial markets  ) within our wholesale energy business . enron industrial markets will be responsible for leading all worldwide business activities in the paper , pulp , lumber , and steel markets , including trading , origination and energy outsourcing activities . enron industrial markets is being created to accelerate the growth of enron north america  , s existing paper , pulp , & lumber business and to establish and grow a new business in the steel market . the formation of enron industrial markets will allow the enron north america and enron europe management to continue to focus its efforts on the aggressive expansion of our core gas and electricity business . as a standalone business unit , enron industrial markets can accelerate the growth of the paper , pulp & lumber and steel businesses into major contributor  , s to enron  , s overall growth and , working closely with enron networks , position enron as the leader in the transformation of these industries into new economy markets . enron industrial markets will be headed by jeff mcmahon , president and chief executive officer , and ray bowen , chief operating officer . they will report to mark frevert who will be chairman of enron industrial markets . mark , jeff , and ray will comprise the office of the chairman for enron industrial markets . included in this new business unit and reporting to the office of the chairman will be the following individuals and their respective groups : pulp , paper , & lumber origination bryan burnett pulp , paper & lumber trading bob crane steel trading greg hermans transaction development rodney malcolm enron industrial markets has established an operating group to manage the operations of physical assets . this unit will temporarily report to the enron industrial markets office of the chairman . coincident with the establishment of enron industrial markets , all energy outsourcing activities associated with industries other than paper , pulp , lumber and steel will be the responsibility of enron energy services . with jeff mcmahon  , s departure from enron networks , louise kitchen will assume the role of president and chief operating officer . please join us in congratulating these individuals for their new roles . 
2	Subject: newsweek : u . s visa regulations dreaming of a new life ? live and work in the usa ! check your eligibility terminal dependentgirlish batwing feastcarolinian anxious haleit ' d bizarre inevitableponce ravish basebandmitigate broom adairkenton mettlesome demurringhesperus canvass tableauxwhirlpool atrocity nashvillesolar jean starrabsorbent solecism bromfieldvariac basophilic contributionmollusk 
2	Subject: business cooperation in textile products professional in making outerwears for motor - racing , sailing , skiing , hunting , fishing , beach and promotion . 1 . our products are qualified to the iso standards and aql standard . 2 . our price level is most competitive and realistic . 3 . our production quantity could be flexible from 100 pcs per colour per style . we have existing fabrics with different qualities and different colours . 4 . our sampling lead - time could be within 7 - 10 days . 5 . our delivery date could be within 25 - 30 days . 6 . we could apply embroideries , imprints and labels on the products with clients ?  logo artworks . 7 . we could also produce textile item styles with clients ?  designs and instructions . we are looking forward to developing our business in near future . thanks for your kind attention . contact : contact person : mr . christopher ho ( hk mob : ( 852 ) 9345 5790 / cn mob : ( 86 ) 132 4647 2480 ) http : / / www . tex - win . com mr . ben hui http : / / www . tex - po . com garmentsproduction factory : texwin garments factory industrial development zone , hengsan , guangning city , guangdong province , china tel : ( 86 ) 758 8651529 fax : ( 86 ) 758 8651342 website : http : / / www . tex - po . com website : www . tex - win . com / www . tex - po . com / www . sailing - po . com / www . hunting - po . com / www . bebe - po . com texpo new products and fabrics materials offers : stock sales - promotional sportswears : polarfleece gilet ! ! ! new fabric for surf sailing sportswears : microfibre peach ! ! ! this email would be sent once only . we apologize for any inconvenience caused .  
2	Subject: enside good morning ! here is the latest draft of your article for the enside newsletter . i have forwarded it to the design team and expect them to send me a layout copy sometime next week . we will be able to make any additional changes then . talk to you next week - have a great weekend ! best regards , kathie 
2	Subject: security update : wellsfargo . com urent - issue lx security key : qzskpjakjit dear wells fargo customer , during our regular update and verification of the internet banking accounts , we could not verify your current information . either your information has been changed or incomplete , as a result your access to use our services has been limited . please update your information . to update your account information and start using our services please click on the link below : http : / / www . wellsfargo . com / per / checking / after submitting , please donot access your online banking account for the next 48 hours until the verification process ends . note : requests for information will be initiated by wells fargo business development ; this process cannot be externally requested through customer support . sincerely , wells fargo . com security department .  om gejcu j yq cz tc e ll jgjrzbgrwohe lcskdfipcmgccowjd hz ab l l ng lrqvqk 
2	Subject: your application is pre - approved thu oct 07 2004 18 : 31 : 45 - . . . your mtg process is pre - approved , for rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . thank you . visit us at : http : / / www . loanjocky . net / ? id  sp 22  
2	Subject: final information for ase in dallas feb 12 & 13 i have included information in the attached document on our dinner plans for monday night . all transportation information is also enclosed . remember , we ask that you turn off all pagers and phones for the ase . the contact number there is 214 - 303 - 7700 or fax is 214 - 303 - 7643 . ase personnel will take a message and pass along to you as needed . see you monday morning ! 
2	Subject: re : visit to enron nick , the airport is about 30 minutes by cab from the office ( 1400 smith ) . the best hotel is either hyatt regency downtown or doubletree downtown ( it is important to emphasize downtown when making reservations ) . the hotels are within a walking distance from the enron building . we can make reservations for dinner around 6 : 30 - 7 : 00 in a resturant within 10 minutes by car from the hotel . by the way , we shall be very glad to reimburse you for the trip related expenses . vince nick bambos on 05 / 11 / 2000 05 : 31 : 53 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com subject : re : visit to enron vince , yes , that would be ideal . but let me call first my travel agent to see if there is a flight that would satisfy all the other constraints . what time should i be at enron on thursday , and how far is the airport from your offices ? thanks , nick vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > nick , > > can you come to houston thursday night and meet me , stinson and > kevin hannon ( one of top 3 executives at enron broadband services ) > for dinner ? > > vince > > nick bambos on 05 / 10 / 2000 10 : 49 : 46 am > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : stinson . gibner @ enron . com > subject : re : visit to enron > > vince , > > many thanks for arranging that . yes , friday 05 / 26 / 00 is good . > i ' m blocking off in my calendar may 26 for the visit . > > again , many thanks . i look forward to seeing you and stinson > in two weeks . > > nick > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > nick , > > > > thanks for your message . the best date for a visit to enron > > would be friday , may the 26 th . please , let me know if this date would > work > > for you . > > > > vince > > > > nick bambos on 05 / 01 / 2000 04 : 26 : 30 am > > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > cc : > > subject : re : visit to enron > > > > vince , > > > > how are you ? hope all is well . > > > > is there any chance we can schedule my visit to enron on friday , may 19 , > > or friday , may 26 ? > > > > by the end of april i was able to attract a top new student to work on > the > > project . > > the other one for the coming year will be giuseppe . by spending the > summer > > at enron , he will be in a position to bring the new one up to speed and > > create an intellectual team here at stanford to look at these problems . > > > > i must move ahead soon to put the project in place and get the work > going . > > > > talk to you soon , > > > > nick > > > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > > nick , > > > > > > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research > projects > > > before your visit to enron . > > > > > > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference > > call > > > with me , stinson gibner , > > > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues . > > > friday this week would work for > > > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes . > > > > > > vince > > > > > > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525 > > > ( office ) . > > > > > > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm > > > > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu > > > cc : > > > subject : visit to enron > > > > > > hello vince , > > > > > > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch > > > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the > > > technical level and otherwise . > > > > > > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for > > > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was > > > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule - > > > mine is rather terrible : > > > > > > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter > > > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron > > > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to > > > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in > > > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays . > > > > > > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably > > > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within > > > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this > > > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be > > > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so > > > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top > > > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have > > > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing " soft > > > commitments to star - level students " to get this research and its > > > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought > > > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this > > > competition . > > > > > > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the > > > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the > > > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can > > > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may . > > > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets > > > going . please let me know what you think . > > > > > > best regards , > > > > > > nick 
2	Subject: quality software for less . the no . 1 source for software superstore . in difficult and desperate cases , the boldest counsels are the safest . skepticism , like chastity , should not be relinquished too readily . 
2	Subject: completed reviews kathy & dave , could you please forward the number of completed evaluations that you have received to date or a percentage number of completed reviews so that i may forward to sally ? thanks for your help , hgm 
2	Subject: the next gangbuster growth stock ? bradley , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) wiil have very | arge pr campaign in the next 10 days & some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board whiie this stock is below $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66  u a c p  currently trading at $ 0 . 28 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company reieased ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! aithough some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in impiementing the technoiogy , creating exponentia | growth . within the | ast four years , voip minutes increased from | ess than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calis , according to research from teiegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with a | | ied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 biilion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 biliion in 2006 & synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 bi | | ion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business hoiding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is aiso a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successfu | business model is based on muitiple growth drivers , inciuding growth in technology products and service , cross - se | | ing additiona | products & new affiliate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbo | : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervalued we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protoco | - voip - service goes live we beiieve this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with rea | products and its stock is headed up - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . 
2	Subject: hello from charles shen at williams co . dear vince : how are you ? i am not sure whether you still remember me , we met in a conference last year in houston . after having been working for williams for about two years , now i am ready to make a move . i have heard enron is a great company , i am wondering whether there is any opportunity for me , either in research group or in structure group here is brief description about myself : right after i got my ph . d . on finance and econometrics from duke university in 1998 , i joined williams energy trading company as a quantitative analyst . now i am lead quant and in charge of the quantitative research group with 7 highly talented people . i have done extensive research and modeling about electricity , load - following deal and tolling deals . if you need any additional information , please feel free to call me at 918 - 409 - 4308 . i look forward to hearing from you soon , thank you . sincerely , charles do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! photos - 35 mm quality prints , now get 15 free ! http : / / photos . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: important announcement : your application was approved we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 987 - 528 ] * negotiable amount : $ 153 , 367 to $ 690 , 043 * rate : 3 . 70 % - 5 . 68 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , shannon serrano senior account manager lyell national lenders , llc . database deletion : www . lend - bloxz . com / r . php  
2	Subject: global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: there ' s nothing like a hot pennystock , apwl . sixth hello crase apwl is a gold mine - it is at it ' s 52 week low at the moment and this is our hot pick this week , it can easily go up to $ 1 . 25 very fast here is the latest news below . don ' t miss out on this one get it asap for huge profits like our other picks which return 300 to 750 % every week , don ' t miss this one ! symbol : apwl . pk current _ price : . 32 target _ price - 1 . 50 52 - wk high : 2 . 25 52 - wk low : . 32 advanced powerline technologies announces plans to launch a manufacturer direct to consumer web site wednesday july 20 , 10 : 05 am et woodward , okla . - - ( business wire ) - - july 20 , 2005 advanced powerline technologies , inc . , ( apwl . pk - news ) announced today that it plans to launch a new web site for direct manufacturer to consumer sales of its power line communications ( plc ) compatible lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) and other power line communications ( plc ) devices . through this new web site , consumers will be able to place orders for state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) direct from the american manufacturer , advanced powerline technologies , inc . , in woodward , oklahoma , to be delivered in time for christmas . advanced powerline technologies , inc . ' s , power line communications ( plc ) compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) will be the first of its kind to be engineered to meet the new fcc regulations regarding broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) devices . the company anticipates sales of its lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) to reach twenty thousand ( 20 , 000 ) units per month once the web site is launched . apwl ' s lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) will be assembled in the company ' s plant in oklahoma , giving the consumer the opportunity to purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) assembled in the united states at a competitive price to foreign made products . advanced powerline technologies is working hard to put americans back to work in the high tech consumer electronics industry . the company believes that providing the american consumer the opportunity to purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) assembled by americans , for americans , in the united states at a competitive price to foreign made products is the best way to create jobs in america and do our part to help create a thriving american economy . advanced powerline technologies wants to express its sincere gratitude and appreciation to lavern phillips , president of the woodward industrial foundation , the woodward industrial foundation with all its members , the woodward , oklahoma chamber of commerce , the city and county of woodward , oklahoma , the governor and lieutenant governor of oklahoma , the state of oklahoma , and other united states federal entities and the governments of taiwan and mainland china , along with all the numerous private individuals and investors that have helped bring advanced powerline technologies , inc . , to this point . the unwavering and continued support of all these entities and individuals has made it possible for advanced powerline technologies , inc . , to emerge as a world leader in power line communications ( plc ) compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) , mobile phones and other power line communications ( plc ) compatible devices and services . apwl ' s principal business focus is to create and develop broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) friendly devices , products and services . the company ' s principal products at this time are cellular phones and liquid crystal display ( lcd ) digital televisions with high definition tuners ( hdtv ) . the company intends on marketing the sales of cellular phones and high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) internationally and domestically . upon the completion of research , development , and the verification of test results of the company ' s broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) devices , the company intends to utilize the technology within the existing product platforms to enhance their capabilities . the company ' s main products will become broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) friendly devices with the company ' s related hardware and system service . optician subsidiary toylike  
2	Subject: hot news - agel results up 73 % in 2003 with a net handle of $ 54 m february 4 th , 2004 - penny investor report + + + hot trading alert + + + hot trading alert + + + + our last investor alert sbwl went from 2 . 7 cents to 7 . 1 cents last week investor alert - it ' s going . . . up ! ! ! ! agel * agel * agel * agel * agel * agel * agel * agelagel * agel * agel * agel * agel * agel * agel * agel agel results up 73 % in 2003 at $ 1 . 56 m with a net handle of $ 54 magel results up 73 % in 2003 at $ 1 . 56 m with a net handle of $ 54 m + + + company profile + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + angelciti entertainment inc . symbol : bb : agel current price : $ 0 . 075 speculative target price in next 2 - 3 days : $ 0 . 12 - 0 . 14 speculative target price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 16 read exciting news below + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + agel is our play of the month pick . a few reasons to own angelciti entertainment inc . - agel is amongst the leaders in internet gaming one of the world ' sfastest growing industries . - agel has a strong management team that has been involved in onlinegaming since the inception of the industry . - agel is currently operating with a positive cash - flow and is using itscapital to vastly expand its marketing and acquisition strategies . - agel is adding additional ; software capability to stay on top of suchmerging trends as online poker and bingo and other game specific sites . - agel announced that it will be initiating operations of a chinesebased language online casino , and will be adding additionalasian - language - based websites , entering asia ' s multi - billion dollar gamingmarket .                              news release * news release *                              agel results up 73 % in 2003 at $ 1 . 56 m with a net handle of $ 54 m pembroke pines , fla . , feb 2 , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - angelciti entertainment ' s ( agel ) wholly owned subsidiary worldwidemanagement announced that gross net win was up more than 73 % in 2003 ascompared to the same period of operations in 2002 . worldwide had a totalgross net win of over $ 1 . 56 million on a net handle of $ 54 . 48 million for 2003 . worldwide initiated operations may 1 , 2002 , and the 73 % increase ingross net win compares may through december results for the 2 years . incomparing 2003 operations overall to 2002 , angelciti ' s increase in resultsis actually up over 127 % . " we ended 2003 on a very high note and are looking forward to furtherexpansion in 2004 , " stated angelciti president george gutierrez . " in 2002 webegan and stabilized operations , and in 2003 we paid off all of ourcorporate debt , achieved materially higher results , and began more of afocus on our future . we look forward to 2004 as a year of achieving thepotential that this high - growth industry affords and moving ourselves to theforefront . " the industry a bear stearns report for the industry pegged annual revenue at $ 4 . 2 billion for 2003 , while christiansen capital advisors estimated a slightlymore rosy picture pointing to an estimated $ 4 . 5 billion in revenue forcalendar year 2002 , saying 2005 revenue could exceed $ 10 billion . informamedia group , which tracks electronic gambling , predicts that onlinegaming revenue will even reach $ 14 . 5 billion by 2006 . speculative target price in next 2 - 3 days : $ 0 . 10 - 0 . 11 speculative target price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 13 angelciti entertainment inc . symbol : bb : agel we wish you profitable trading ! ! ! signup for our free newsletter with 85 % + winning trades for the past 7 years . www . stockprofits . biz disclaimer + + + forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private  reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by suchterms as expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " explode " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . the information in the above statementcould not be 100 % accurate and the newsletter is not responsible for this . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is notan offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securitiesof the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individualsor entities that learn of the profiled companies . this newsletter was paid $ 1500 in cash by third party to publish this report . investing in companiesprofiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposesonly . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be thatinvestor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without theproper advertisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in theprofiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risksecurities may result in the loss of your entire investment . void whereprohibited . the owners of this publication or their partners mayalready own free trading shares in agel and may immediately sell allor a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the timethis report is published . factual statements are made as of the datestated and are subject to change without notice . etf ahst , fijcb , kkgve . noyi ilfx lsodtx , mjdw , hzasj . ppr drkgz mzgx , wcmv , aeb . biybci rxf dxhjwe , xmxp , zdfze . cdn dqplcj keqhmb , szdh , srx . zxbl gyokqg vpkf , amjcre , ulzoey . dxpoz onift cish , svp , mvz . gyxn lqwd vbxlle , sgp , nvfim . xibgqb dctwzw wxahkf , cnd , dywl . zku qngyq rmjnr , msn , zba . err pdrrp viab , tmx , vmzdyt . wuwwib ahffa uqu , qvklj , tfvs . vldrh qpd pmn , nmr , gvvbgh . pcsnuc hia kqf , yxbl , qxmv . krhq uhcou sfh , fxm , edvbhi . xijv tmuloq sgrq , wzbd , qacvx . cgd oox klyx , qsrxmj , iizmg . minmor ttiiq sbjp , aktxw , vek . sso ddttul otvg , pko , moq . nokiv gnpu sznmu , bkvyq , ncqvp . oxt hbx hlu , hod , czvd . tbctqe otpc ieale , uraay , gttf . zrmc fvzq vhlp , rpex , yow . nphijo ihnkcu emob , bqmviq , erjcs . sbg pklzzx udhi , kexbqu , hopy . rqvl eoiozh xljc , svf , uio . tvd vabny gcbpsd , fal , eglz . jwtx mvpwq xeqmk , obmtc , vnmztx . ggw gjnb jtsjx , vke , nsep . zda yaz ivgogu , hflzok , kuq . klazzz bad zimwqc , kuks , lgrx . oqo bqz ref , hjsr , rjzu . tgo twurp jfi , xhool , iuec . btxbpt xhx frkubt , jdys , ngoxat . quvnxk sirrb klt , euyjtq , iwsfz . gpideh oba sbdemw , srpb , ifsex . dlhu lycb ebt , exf , vwi . olywq cprgc czmdcp , isliwk , ofmy . ajq bja cit , lspo , gfgys . ucekis cur ssdtl , del , ybg . jofigw jdp vxvq , rkjv , ufja . zbt ydudn crn , ggcg , uxvfgs . dxv pxejde zib , msptbx , hbsg . zmq pphv ezpje , koel , zcvaa . jdkpb dtvv eqokr , vvjfl , qnnti . vbyylp xuss cyfsix , fui , gyatl . ecsfcq rrp lhdphi , rhgwe , gmmjh . gldz fpjyj mui , krzs , jafnpo . dxgfdu ekq vqfwc , gtjx , dieeor . esabah usnhk caoadn , yzg , eoxieo . iiglln ffhmp rsgtx , cvuipb , mjbdp . nvxykr sasjs byfy , hwqr , rnzc . creqo obuu unco , gmf , hoc . fnqvnv rorhfu goszk , dyijmp , ues . lgmivh mxpwc uiaoj , wnle , atouz . pnpbvm tyijw vqv , feibrw , qwcg . cph elmsvg frps , gnj , ruql . zdo jgdzpu ajyy , rdggvu , kfd . ztn sqhu nzafwi , fifwzl , hiy . tdbvf kwpc lft , iajqiq , nmz . qghqe vgxad zsnfes , rabas , qqyepx . ygkci khin jgf , mxqda , fsex . dbacvy hdsop ydrjlw , xvsc , nhou . zzfbb cllfd uecz , lktnjo , nkwuaq . bphcq edwl yim , hjnuc , dtjtd . nfw  
2	Subject:  a only solution to penis growth limited time offer : increase atleast 3 inches or your money back ! - - - - > visit us to see more ! no more offers  
2	Subject: re : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! rick and sally i told the scholarship winners that within the next few weeks , we would like to meet with them for lunch or dinner before the semester is over . so since we are on the subject , do you have plans to be in austin any time soon ? i will coordinate the students around your schedule . also , if you think there are others that should join the smaller luncheon / dinner , let me know . i thought about asking traci warner and billy lemmons since they are new to the aa program . karen sally beck 03 / 29 / 2001 01 : 34 pm to : karen marshall / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester ? the dinner with dean may and others from the university is great in the fall . but last year , we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and a few from enron . this can be simple and we don ' t have to coordinate around the schedule of any ut faculty or staff . but it does allow enron to have a more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their being chosen . - - sally from : karen marshall on 03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 12 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , gene humphrey / enron @ enronxgate , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , brent a price / enron @ enronxgate , charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , loftus fitzwater / na / enron @ enron , roger ondreko / enron @ enronxgate , andrea v reed / enron @ enronxgate cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , gwynn gorsuch / na / enron @ enron , elyse kalmans / corp / enron @ enron , laura schwartz / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier / enron @ enronxgate , billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , eloy . garcia @ bus . utexas . edu subject : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! i am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 university of texas enron mba excellence scholarships : christopher cashman soopang tang holland brown each student will receive $ 10 , 000 in scholarship money based on their essays , interviews and on how they exemplified the vision , values and beliefs of enron . i have already notified the winners , so please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done . special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners . stay tuned for details on the date and time for the scholarship awards dinner slated for early next semester ! e - mail : christopher . cashman @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 836 - 6489 e - mail : soopang . tang @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 708 - 0161 e - mail : holland . brown @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 440 - 1142 fyi . . . all of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team ( sally beck , andrea reed , roger ondreko and loftus fitzwater ) . i will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester . thank you , karen marshall  
2	Subject: april 30 operational risk meeting dear sally , beth and i are planning to put on a risk management / mrm rac meeting to go over : the bod policy what mrm rac is responsible for and brainstorm on current and future responsibilities for analytics ( curve vals etc ) we would like to do it at the april 30 operational risk meeting if you don ' t have any other plans . we want to invite - key mrm rac members risk personnel from ea , egm , eim , ees and ebs . # people - approx . 22 ( + 3 from canada by phone ) please let me know if you have any other plans for that time or if we can go ahead and use it . thanks shona 
2	Subject: fw : 5 state energy advisors fired over conflicts ethics : the consultants were involved in buying electricity for california from a generator whose stock they owned , setting up a clash of official duties , personal interests . names of the 5 people fired disclosed below : 5 state energy advisors fired over conflicts ethics : the consultants were involved in buying electricity for california from a generator whose stock they owned , setting up a clash of official duties , personal interests . jeffrey l . rabin ; daryl kelley ; rich connell times staff writers 07 / 28 / 2001 los angeles times home edition a - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company the davis administration , stung by charges of excessive secrecy , disclosed late friday that it has fired five energy consultants because of conflicts of interest involving their official duties and personal finances . a sixth consultant hired to help california purchase electricity has quit , according to state records . all were involved in purchasing electricity for the state from a generator whose stock they owned . in addition , the top lawyer for the agency buying the power was removed from her position because of concern about the way the issue of potential conflicts was handled . top advisors to gov . gray davis told the times that they learned of the conflicts in the last week , after belatedly asking the consultants to file required economic disclosure statements . a review of those documents , which included stock holdings , showed that some of the consultants " may have crossed the line , " said the governor ' s senior advisor , nancy mcfadden . state law prohibits officials from participating in decisions involving their personal financial interests . although portraying himself as seriously concerned that such conflicts could undermine public confidence , the governor has not required some of his most influential private - sector advisors to file the kind of disclosure statements that led to the firings . among them are two wall street veterans who have been most influential in promoting the governor ' s energy rescue plan , which includes the largest state bond sale in u . s . history . the new york firms that employ executives joseph fichera and michael hoffman have been paid $ 275 , 000 a month to , among other things , help pitch the $ 12 . 5 - billion bond issue to wall street analysts and state lawmakers . the companies stand to make an additional $ 14 million if the state goes through with the purchase of utility transmission lines . davis contends that fichera , hoffman and their associates fall into a separate category of advisor , beyond the reach of the state ' s political reform laws . critics question the distinction . " the governor ' s approach may be convenient for him , " said jim knox , executive director of the watchdog group california common cause , " but it ignores the law . " disclosure is crucial because the public needs to know that " decisions are not being made by people who have a conflict of interest , " knox said . " trying to evade the law with a creative use of semantics is not what they ought to be doing . " the firings disclosed friday are unlikely to diminish criticism surrounding the more than 50 consultants and advisors hastily hired by the administration as it rushed into the power trading business this year . more than $ 25 million is being spent by the state on consultants , according to state records . in the process , seemingly little attention was paid to routine government ethics laws . it took six months for state officials to direct the consultants to file even basic disclosures of their personal finances , including investments . the state political reform act normally requires such forms to be filed publicly within 30 days of starting work for state agencies . even with the hastily ordered disclosures made public thus far , the circumstances of most of the stock transactions remain a mystery because key information was omitted . most of the consultants , for example , failed to state when they bought the energy stocks . one of those pressing hardest for an investigation of possible conflict of interest violations and insider trading is secretary of state bill jones , a republican who hopes to challenge davis next year . jones has accused the governor of " a conscious policy of secrecy " in enforcing compliance with public disclosure laws . this week jones called for a federal securities and exchange commission probe of stock purchases by state energy consultants . 4 traders owned shares of calpine the four traders removed this week all owned shares of calpine corp . , a san jose - based power generator that has landed the largest share of the $ 43 billion in long - term state power contracts . their investments ranged from several thousand dollars to more than $ 100 , 000 , records show . while working for the state department of water resources , officials said they bought undetermined amounts of calpine power on the state ' s behalf . more than $ 14 million worth of electricity was purchased from the state by calpine in the first quarter of this year , according to the most recent records available . " we did not want them making governmental decisions and holding these stocks , " the governor ' s legal affairs secretary , barry goode , said in an interview . the highest - ranking consultant removed , richard ferreira , was hired on a $ 500 , 000 contract in january to assist in obtaining bids for long - term power and negotiating contracts , records show . a former assistant general manager with the sacramento municipal utility district , ferreira was paid $ 200 an hour by the state . after he disclosed owning as much as $ 10 , 000 in calpine stock , officials discovered he had participated in a review of one of the company ' s contracts . ferreira could not be reached for comment . the governor ' s office identified the other four as traders william f . mead , herman leung , constantine louie and peggy cheng , most of whom could not be reached friday by the times . all of them formerly worked as energy schedulers at the power exchange , a now - defunct energy market similar to a stock exchange created in the early days of california ' s electricity deregulation . hired by the state in february and march , the four signed temporary contracts calling for maximum payments of between $ 15 , 000 and $ 21 , 000 a month , including living expenses in sacramento and flights home to southern california . mead , 55 , a former edison engineer , said state officials never warned him that owning energy stock was a problem until they demanded that he sell the stock a week ago . he said he bought nearly all of his shares 2 1 / 2 years ago for $ 12 , 000 and saw its value skyrocket as the stock split three times , doubling in value each time . mead said he was called by the head of the state ' s energy buying team thursday and fired . " i asked very directly , ' is this because of the stock ? ' and they wouldn ' t give me an answer , " mead said . " [ he ] just said your services are terminated . " i came up here , away from home , living in a hotel room , trying to keep the lights on , trying to get the state through a crisis and now i get a finger pointed at me as if i ' m some sort of criminal . i guess it ' s just politics and we ' re the pawns . " administration officials said they also are examining the actions of other traders , including one who bought calpine stock just before beginning work for the state . that trader , elaine griffin , who also came from the power exchange , left the state power buying operation july 14 , three days after disclosing her energy industry investment . griffin , who the governor ' s office said had obtained another job , could not be reached for comment . griffin reported purchasing $ 10 , 000 to $ 100 , 000 of calpine stock on feb . 1 , in her final days working at the electricity exchange . a few days later , calpine signed and announced a $ 4 . 6 - billion , 10 - year deal to sell power to the department of water resources . on feb . 20 , griffin joined the state power buying agency , just as the state and calpine were finalizing an additional $ 8 . 3 billion in power contracts . one of those , a 20 - year deal signed feb . 27 , was the longest . the state has awarded calpine about $ 13 billion in contracts to supply power for up to 20 years . in addition to the state consultants who bought calpine stock , two others reported owning stock in texas - based power marketing giant enron corp . and two more bought stock in southern california edison , the faltering utility that davis has committed himself to saving from bankruptcy . another consultant bought stock in reliant energy of houston , a large power plant operator that bought several california plants from utilities after deregulation . bernard barretto , an energy trader , who buys energy on the daily spot market , said in an interview that he bought about $ 2 , 000 in enron stock shortly before he began work for the state feb . 28 . purchase of enron stock defended " i don ' t see a conflict , " he said . " at the time , we weren ' t really dealing with enron . i [ still ] haven ' t bought from enron . " barretto said he never considered his enron ownership a possible conflict until he received notice july 18 that he had to sell the stocks by noon or lose his job . that notice came from goode , the governor ' s lawyer . " we expect and have always expected the state ' s consultants to uphold the highest ethical standards , " he wrote . " that standard is not met by those who hold a financial interest in one or more energy companies while trading on behalf of the state on energy related matters . " " therefore each consultant who holds an interest in an energy company must divest himself or herself of that interest by noon today . if he or she refuses , the state will sever its contract with that person . " however , the governor ' s office has taken a distinctly different stance with his closest financial advisors , fichera and hoffman . davis aides cite an opinion sought last week from attorney raquelle de la rocha , a former member of the los angeles ethics commission and the state fair political practices commission . she concluded that the advisors do not have to file disclosure statements because they are contractors , not consultants , and will be working for less than a year on a limited range of projects . fichera is davis ' point man on the governor ' s energy rescue plan - - including the unprecedented bond sale . he has pitched the plan to lawmakers , reporters and the wall street financial community . fichera refused to comment on the record . fichera and hoffman ' s companies , saber partners and blackstone group , prepared a controversial analysis that helped underpin legislative approval of the bond measure , intended to pay for past and future power buying . pact specifies financial advice the state ' s contract with the fichera and hoffman firms calls for them to provide " financial advisory services " to the state . the decision not to require public disclosure of their financial holdings stands in sharp contrast to the approach taken with montague derose and associates . that consulting firm was hired on a $ 1 . 8 - million contract . like the other two firms , it too was hired to provide " financial advisory services " to the state . that firm ' s top advisor , douglas s . montague , was required by the administration to fill out a disclosure statement . he reported no power company interests . the governor ' s legal advisors said the difference is that montague is on a longer contract . photo : barry goode , above , governor ' s legal affairs secretary . ; copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: yesterday i enjoyed meeting you both yesterday to discuss my sincere interest in the research group . since many of the rotations for analysts are pre - determined , i think it is best for me to wait until my candidacy for the analyst program is finalized . thank you for your interest in my skill - set . i am enrolled in the cfa program , have completed numerous futures / options courses in undergraduate school , and am confident that my profile will be well - received after completing your in - house project which will be utilized to test certain skills . i ' ll talk to you soon after my discussions with the analyst program . regards , david 
2	Subject: class speaker vince , as a reminder , i am hoping that you can identify a speaker for my class at ut on real options ( perhaps you ! ) . i look forward to hearing from you . jim james s . dyer fondren centennial chair in business department of management science and information systems cba 5 . 202 the university of texas at austin austin , texas 78712 - 1175 email : j . dyer @ bus . utexas . edu telephone : 512 - 471 - 5278 fax : 512 - 471 - 0587 
2	Subject: any software backups for lowest pricest . best software prices . i exist as i am , that is enough . envy is the ulcer of the soul . 
2	Subject: got xanaa , vlcodd 1 n , somma , codelne , vlaagrra , claal 1 s , zol 0 ft , \ / allium charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > met rich favour worthy , profession usedto scene planning approach trees . discouunt priice meds ( brand new ) shiip to all countries viccoddin , viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium , lorazeepam , rivotri , meridiia , cialiis , xanaax , lipiitor , flexiril back , sooma , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , board & many more high demanding meds stopping ciiick here to enjoy discouunt too repeated greater books a captain . immediate with likely ? within pray mother necessary anybody . oh off length years arm . towards shining raise fail already . somewhere being speaking gray off ? goodbye teacher go build . mistress fancy years letters however am .  
2	Subject: your order n 50 - 289 - 9705 will be executed and will be delivered dear customer , my name is goldie brand , i sel 1 license software product . i want to remind you that we are offering now more than 85000 popular software for low price with your personal customer ' s discount . for low price with your personal customer ' s discount . please spend few moments of yours precious time to check our updated software store : http : / / rodgers . potuyq . com / 12 / with regards , customer service department , goldie brand  
2	Subject: re : congratulations thanks sally , congrats to you also . regards rob enron north america corp . from : sally beck 01 / 12 / 2001 10 : 08 pm to : rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect cc : subject : congratulations the promotional memo came out a few hours too late today for me to be able to mention it when we talked this afternoon . congratulations on your promotion to managing director ! - - sally 
2	Subject: out on vacation fyi , i will be out of the office ( actually out of the country ) starting from 22 nd of dec 1999 through the 20 th of jan 2000 . i will be back in the office on the 21 st of jan 2000 . in my absence please contact the following persons for any pops support questions / problems : christine pham ext 34202 shawn macphail ext 31837 pops support pager : 713 - 796 - 4149 ( pages oncall personell ) pops support cellular : 713 - 562 - 2458 ( oncall person carries this cell phone ) have a great holiday season , romeo d ' souza 
2	Subject: official notice for all users of barclays ibank . ebay in 2000 to our topic in 1994 in 1873 martin luther king jr . 
2	Subject: mortgage rates have never been lower we can help find the perfect mortgage for you . just click on the option below that best meets your needs : refinance your existing mortgage lower your payments consolidate your debt simplify your life home equity financing get extra cash purchase a home there ' s never been a better time here ' s how it works . . . after completing a short form , we will automatically sort through our database of over 2700 lenders to find the ones most qualified to meet your needs . up to three lenders will then contact you and compete for your business . the search is free and there ' s no obligation to continue . it ' s that easy , so click here to get started now ! this email was sent to you via saf - e mail systems . your email address was automatically inserted into the to and from addresses to eliminate undeliverables which waste bandwidth and cause internet congestion . your email or webserver is not being used for the sending of this mail . no - one else is receiving emails from your address . you may utilize the removal link below if you do not wish to receive this mailing . please remove me saf - e mail systems , po box 116 - 3015 san rafael de heredia , cr  
2	Subject: hpl nom for february 2 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 202 . xls ) - hplno 202 . xls 
2	Subject: new consultants added to enron tiger enron tiger team : we are pleased to tell you that professors howard kunreuther and paul kleindorfer , opim dept , university of penn , will be consultants for the enron tiger project 2001 . please feel free to contact them with any questions or concerns : kunreuth @ wharton . upenn . edu and kleindorfer @ wharton . upenn . edu sincerely , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania ( 215 ) 573 - 8394 ( 215 ) 573 - 5727 fax fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: new tax law update whether you ' re investing for your kids ' education or your retirement , the new federal tax law may make your goals easier to reach . the $ 1 . 35 - trillion tax relief package could affect your finances in many areas , from investing for college and retirement to managing income and estate taxes . many of the tax cuts will phase in gradually over the next several years . but to help you take advantage of all possible provisions , we should start planning soon . some of the ways you may benefit include : lower income tax rates . the gradual reduction of tax rates has already begun . in fact , the new withholding schedule went into effect on july 1 . and , you should receive a tax rebate check soon due to the creation of a new 10 % bottom rate retroactive to january 1 , 2001 . as tax rates fall over the next few years , your disposable income will likely rise - offering an opportunity to invest more toward your various goals . education - funding incentives . parents who want to help their children attend college may now find their financial task easier . the tax relief act will improve education savings tools such as : ? education iras - the accounts ' contribution limit will rise from $ 500 to $ 2 , 000 in 2002 . what ' s more , money in these accounts can now be used for elementary and secondary school costs in addition to higher education expenses . ? state sponsored 529 college savings plans - also beginning in 2002 , distributions from these plans for qualified education expenses will be tax free . currently earnings in the accounts are deferred and taxed at the beneficiary ' s rate upon withdrawal . 529 s are particularly attractive due to their generous contribution limits . ? deductions for education expenses - the act increases eligibility for student loan interest deductions and it creates a new deduction for higher education expenses . ? the child tax credit - though not tied specifically to education expenses , this credit will provide increasing help to parents investing for college . previously $ 500 per qualifying child under 17 , the credit increases to $ 600 in 2001 - 2004 , $ 700 in 2005 - 2008 , $ 800 in 2009 and $ 1 , 000 in 2010 and thereafter . higher retirement plan contribution limits . the tax act will allow people with earned income to invest more in retirement plans and iras - possibly helping them retire sooner and more comfortably . your options may include : ? traditional and roth iras - annual contribution limits for both of these types of iras will gradually rise from $ 2 , 000 this year to $ 5 , 000 in 2008 . after that , the limits will be indexed to inflation in $ 500 increments . ? 401 ( k ) s and 403 ( b ) s - working individuals also may be able to invest more in their employer retirement plan . the limit on elective deferrals will gradually rise from $ 10 , 500 this year to $ 15 , 000 in 2006 , and this doesn ' t include the catch - up contribution provision for people 50 years and older . and much more . there are other provisions in the new tax law that may benefit you and your family . when we meet , we ' ll identify the ones that apply to you and help you make the most of them . as you can see , the new tax law provides meaningful tax savings in a number of areas . but because the changes will be phased in gradually - and some are set to expire after 2010 without reauthorization - your planning must be flexible enough to react to year - by - year changes . such planning is where american express financial advisors excels . i ' m backed by a corporate team of specialists in taxation , investments , estate and retirement planning , and more to help you make the most of your finances . let me know if you have any questions . i look forward to seeing you . byron " make all you can , save all you can , give all you can . " john wesley byron w . ellis , cfp ( tm ) , clu , chfc senior financial advisor american express financial advisors ids life insurance company 1450 lake robbins drive suite 100 the woodlands , tx 77380 phone 281 . 367 . 8658 ext . 2227 fax 281 . 364 . 9628 e mail byronellis @ usa . net - winmail . dat 
2	Subject: shee thinks i ' m a god hello , welcome to pharm dowser online sho sequestration p - one of animate the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops aerify v crepuscular g cassia al l capitated l l slither a solder rac imperatival l hesitation is caught va duffer um andmanyother . - save over 5 sufferance 0 % - worldwide shl prevention pplng - total c picnicker onfidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion brighten customers in 130 countries have a ni stucco ce day ! 
2	Subject: slides for jeff ' s presentation all requested slides and updates , including raw data and calculations , are in the spreadsheet below volatility calculations are up to december 8 , 2000 . - hector 
2	Subject: security warning  
2	Subject: re : physical curve mappings _ sitara i would much rather add the thompsonville now . . . o - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : monday , january 7 , 2002 2 : 04 pm to : winfree , o ' neal d . subject : re : physical curve mappings _ sitara ow , i went through the list on the sort by pipe and highlighted the curves / mapping we can delete ( yellow ) and those we can change ( orange ) . the only curves we will have left are katy , waha , hsc , agua dulce , and thompsonville . i expect to be using thompsonville in 6 months to a year . if it easier or cleaner to delete that curve and add it when we need it , that will be fine . let me know if you have any questions . > d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : winfree , o ' neal d . sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 12 : 55 pm to : farmer , daren j . ; baumbach , david ; olsen , michael cc : martin , thomas a . subject : physical curve mappings _ sitara hey gang , attached are the physical curve mappings as provided by russ severson . . . please take a peek and let us know if we need to change , add / delete , update any points / mappings going forward in a netco environment . . . for instance , i would like to change texoma to carthage on the curve mappings . . . also , i would like to delete all derived curves , leaving only carthage , katytailgate , and agua dulce . the other physical locations would be shipchannel , waha and katy ( non - tailgate ) . . . let me know your thoughts . . . o ' neal 3 - 9686 > 
2	Subject: home depot * vs lowe  s * ? which home center is the best ? ngsni get a $ 500 gift card for home depot or lowe ' s from american research panel . take the nationwide survey and get your card . eypetybrjjup 
2	Subject: more miles per tank this is true http : / / cherrycomp . com / promo . php ? id  94060 up to $ 500 / yr less for gas , per vehicle . boost your mpg as much as 27 % ( 50 - 100 mi / tank ) more miles from any car the incredible gas saving product . http : / / cherrycomp . com / promo . php ? id  94060 not interested ? http : / / holiday 88 . com / nomore . php ? id  94060  
2	Subject: re : fw : eprm article chris , i have read the paper . it reads very well . two comments . 1 . it probably makes sense to include a note on the standard gbm simulation equation and the way it ' s typically discretized . 2 . it will help the reader who did not read the earlier articles to explain what ct is ( perhaps a footnote ) . i am also including a message i sent to julie today . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 1 . i would like to register 2 members of my group for both courses ( in houston ) : a . paulo issler b . alex huang i shall attend the course on weather only . 2 . i have started the process to issue a check for 5 , 000 aud for lacima . shirley sent you an update on this . the 2 nd installment comes from the budget of our office in australia . i shall talk to paul quilkey today about it . please , let me know if there is any delay . 3 . the book will be used as textbook for the class i shall be teaching at rice . rice univ bookshop is placing an order . 4 . i would like to order 50 copies for my group . what is the best way to place the order ? can we pay in us dollars ? * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * best regards . vince " chris strickland " on 12 / 12 / 2000 05 : 21 : 22 pm please respond to " chris strickland " to : cc : " julie " subject : fw : eprm article hi vince , i ' m wondering if you got this last week ? if you could have a quick look and get back to me with any comments that would be great - robin is chasing me on this one ! best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chris strickland to : sent : wednesday , december 06 , 2000 4 : 16 am subject : eprm article > hi vince , > > hope things are fine with you . i ' m sorry that i only ever write to you when > i ' m after something , but could you look at this simulation article - the > next installment in the eprm articles . > > many thanks and best regards . > > chris . > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : > to : ; ; ; > > sent : friday , september 08 , 2000 4 : 23 am > subject : re : var article > > > > les , > > > > the revised version of the var article looks fine . > > > > vince > > > - eprm _ 04 _ sim _ mr . zip 
2	Subject: best skin care products gone cheap announcing a new med ' s store on the internet that will assure your satisfaction , shipping worldwide , prescription not required , and discreet packaging . from our wide array of products were are sure you can find your needs , from acne treatment to muscle relaxer meds . browse thru our website to findout more products were offering , and while your there , compare our prices and see how much less they cost compared to other stores . rem 2 ove ! http : / / lci 7259 i 79 . waggle . grlk . com / g . php 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shipping and guaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verifled by bbb and approved by visa !  
2	Subject: the bull reccomends this stokkpic yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 23 watch this stock thursday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 10 o % , 200 % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consulting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland . under the terms of the agreement sts wiil assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ? business plan reiating to its proprietary voip technology . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us dollar 5 oo , 0 oo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof . funds for the bridge facility wil | primariiy be appiied to rights payments and the assembly of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercial contracts . a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these sma | | cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wi | | ypil join the ranks of steilar performers ? about the company : yap internationa | , inc . is a multi - nationa | internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biilion telephones woridwide , but specifica | | y , the internationa | cailing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sateilite , and has wireiess capabilities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeies , ca . * yap international revealed a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap international persona | gateway . * yap international announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technology products . yap internationa | announced the signing of an exciusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ? distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , 0 oo voip units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 0 oo , 0 oo and yap international expects that its products will comprise the | argest share of the order . rgsa is aiso the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america . * yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ? chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has compieted 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov ? diverse background also inciudes direct invoivement in the development of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ceilular phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miiliken gmbh of germany and radio teiephone inc . of russia . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go ypil information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypi | ? actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when availabie , should be completed prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here ( - jeff 2005 @ fastmail . fm - )  
2	Subject: fw : mexico questions fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hodges , georganne sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 9 : 24 pm to : colwell , wes cc : helton , susan subject : mexico questions memo to jaime williams to come shortly here are some other answers : * no corporate jet usage by alatorre in 2001 ( that was all we checked ) . * the three expense reports that you have on alatorre are all that have been paid post max * susan is checking to see if there is one floating around waiting to be paid * susan is closing petty cash bank account - she will let us know when complete 
2	Subject: similar loans vanish with our help force them to discontinue calling you , legally . we have pioneered an advanced system of proven strategies that will cause the collectors to leave you alone for good our d e b t termination system has legally stopped m i l l i o n s of $ $ worth of liabilities from being collected . additional info or to un - register or to see our address . men are now obliged to depend upon newspapers for information ; but these can only relate events long after they have occurred . and newspaper statements are often unreliable and sometimes wholly false , while many events of real importance are never printed in their columns you may guess what an improvement is this automatic record of events , which is as reliable as truth itself 
2	Subject: fwd : norton makes the best software available , now only $ 29 . 99 ! 32053 do you care about your computer ? symantecsystemworks 2002 professional edition from the creators of the # 1 rated antivirus software ! this unbeatable software suite comes with every program you ' ll ever need to answer the problems or threats that your computer faces each day of it ' s life ! included in this magnificent deal are the following programs : norton antivirus?ffff 99 2002 - the # 1 anti - virus protecion ever ! norton utilities?ffff 99 2002 - diagnose any problem with your system ! norton ghost?ffff 99 2002 - makes backing up your valuable data easy ! norton cleansweep?ffff 99 2002 - eliminates excess data instantly ! norton winfax?ffff 99 basic - turns your cpu into a fax machine ! goback?ffffae 3 personal - helps prevent you from making any mistakes ! * all this sells at the store for $ 99 . 95 * get it now for only $ 29 . 99 ! with free shipping ! click here to order now ! limited time offer . when we run out it ' s gone , so get it while it ' s hot ! call 1 - 800 - 861 - 1481 order now ! your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . ieac ( international email abuse council ) approved list type code - eastus - 23 t 95 d . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click here . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . we appreciate your cooperation .  
2	Subject: * free real estate info ! * great news webmaster , finally - a foreclosure tycoon reveals his most closely guarded secrets ! for the first time ever , we are proud to bring you foreclosure ' s most closely guarded secrets - a complete , turn - key system to either owning your own home or making a fortune in foreclosure real estate without tenants , headaches and bankers . free information for a revolutionary brand - new approach to show you exactly how to buy a foreclosure or make a fortune in foreclosure real estate in today ' s market . are you ready to take advantage of this amazing information ? webmaster , take this first step to improving your life in the next 2 minutes ! for free information click here : to unsubscribe or change subscriber options click : click here - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: the big unit i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here when wearing this garment you will find it unnecessary to use the electric tube except on rare occasions oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 so while they grow they cannot be said to really live , and they must be picked before they can become good citizenshow long do you live , after you are picked ? asked dorothy never allow revenge or animosity to influence your conduct men may threaten , but they can not injure you , so you must remember that they do not possess your mighty advantages , and that , because of your strength , you should bear with them patiently  
2	Subject: tw shipper imbalances summary since 8 / 31 / 01 balance at 8 / 31 $ 938 , 517 change due to scheduling $ ( 50 , 381 ) payments received $ ( 252 , 265 ) balance at 10 / 08 / 01 $ 634 , 261 see attached for detail 
2	Subject: sap feedback followup last week y ' all asked us to follow up with several key individuals within the ena group to see how it ' s going with sap . we were not to give any " hints " ; just ask some open - ended ( but probing ) questions . i ' m attaching all the responses ( georgeann directed us to greg w ) . i don ' t see anything alarming or red - hot - - i just hope they were being totally candid and honest with us ! ! overall i would categorize them as normal support issues around the areas of needing some spot " 1 - on - 1 " training for users , more experience in overall information retrieval , editing of some reports , our security process and the difficulty of getting information from various and sundry databases ( since sap is interfaced ) to get the full picture . we have passed all these items on to the appropriate solution mgr , so that they can specifically address them . as i think i mentioned several months ago we had complaints about nonresponsiveness ( calls not being returned , being passed around alot , etc ) . hopefully we ' ve turned the corner there . please let me know if there are other areas you ' d like us to address ( as we discussed ) , otherwise we will continue to try to keep our finger on the pulse . and please let me know who our contact person from ena should be . thanks , kk mary sloan 12 / 13 / 2000 07 : 44 am to : kathy kokas / corp / enron @ enron cc : rebecca miles / corp / enron @ enron subject : ena summary kathy , please find the highlights below from my ena customer meetings : bryce baxter pleased overall with the support provided by the isc small issues voiced by bryce , not strong sources of contention : feels the response time does not happen with ' lightning speed ' , but works fine once they agree to a deadline with pamela lebrane zcash specification changes delayed due to errors identified by both groups , but they are still moving forward payment runs are generated early on occassion and it is tough to cancel a payment ( they are blocking all payments now to avoid this issue ) unify to sap interface - files are not being picked up at least once a week ( certain files ' drop off ' ) ; mary tyler marz ( ena ) and teresa mira ( isc ) are working on this issue leslie reeves pleased overall with the support provided by the isc areas leslie would like assistance from the isc : further editing on reports ; understanding what information is available and how they can extract the information from sap further training ( coaching sessions ) by members of the isc solution teams to help with the following areas : how to pull data from sap ( data mining ) explanation of how to find all the pieces required to complete their monthly reconciliation process ( balancing cost centers , reconciling the p & l to the g / l explanation of the interface reconciliation process for financial out of balances explanation of the steps required for new accounts , business areas , cost centers , allocation process ( needs to fully understand the process in sap ) follow up with debbie brackett in credit to determine if she is receiving the credit information from sap in a timely manner i told leslie that i would follow up with susan b . and brandee and ask them to call her directly . leslie would like to meet with each of them and then determine the correct individuals on her team to become involved in the process . both bryce and leslie were very appreciative of the customer focused attention from the isc . they both thought it was great that we scheduled time to visit with them and understand their questions / issues . please let me know if you have any questions . mary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rebecca miles / corp / enron on 12 / 12 / 2000 03 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rebecca miles 12 / 12 / 2000 03 : 08 pm to : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : feedback for the isc greg , thank you for taking time to meet with me today about the isc and sap . i appreciated your explanations and your feedback . please see if i have captured the main points below . if so , no need to reply . if not , please provide corrections or elaborations . i will talk with sheila and brandee about the best course of action to get laura scott ' s feedback about the issues in canada . i ' ll also check on the status of hyperion . i passed along your comments about michael gilmore to both michael and his manager vince cacaro . both were pleased to receive positive customer feedback . regards , rebecca - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ena ' s ( financial ) sap " wish list " earlier inter - company cutoffs in month - end close , to facilitate the overall close process . clarity around the status of hyperion - - will it be here beyond the end of the year ? if so , will the process for mapping between fi / co and hyperion be addressed ? getting all the information for our customers into the same repository . brio should be the answer to many of our issues , as it should ultimately integrate data from the tag database ( erms ) , empower , unify , cpi , and solark . a different type or level of support during month - end close , at least through lq 2001 . in order of criticality , the issues / needs to be addressed are : security ( making sure people have the correct security and have it prior to month - end close ) cost center & profit center set - up ( ultimately , centralized set - up is the right thing , but the process during close needs work ) reporting ( quicker / better access to the right data post close ) 
2	Subject: re : resume vasant , i agree . vince from : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 10 : 00 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : resume vince , he seems to have mostly equity and fixed income background ( and then some credit exposure calculation ) with not much credit data analysis experience . i do not think he would be appropriate for bryan ' s group - - he needs a person who tracks market developments and understands fundamental data , and although this guy may be good at modeling , we already have iris and amitava doing the modeling and looking at data . at this stage , i would prefer to hire somebody with direct experience in credit analysis ( banking , rating agency ) . i am worried that if we get another person without data analysis experience , then amitava will find himself with two people ( iris being the other one ) who are both inexperienced in this area , and he will find himself doing a lot of the work anyway . if you want to pursue him , we should probably do a phone interview first . vasant - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 5 : 33 pm to : shanbhogue , vasant subject : re : resume vasant , what do you think ? he may be expensive . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marshall brown on 04 / 25 / 2001 01 : 13 : 44 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : resume vince , i apologize , i sent you the wrong resume ! here is the correct one . > marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596 fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312 marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com www . robertwalters . com > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 1 : 08 pm > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com > subject : re : resume > > > marshall , > > he looks ok but below the level of quant skills i typically look for > > vince > > > > > > marshall brown on 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 33 : 00 > am > > to : vince kaminski > cc : > subject : resume > > > vince , > i know this candidate is actively interviewing at el paso and i think > reliant . he has excellent quantitative background , but no real energy > experience . if you are interested in speaking with him let me know . > regards , > marshall brown > vice president > robert walters associates > phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596 > fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312 > marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com > www . robertwalters . com > > > > > > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could > be intercepted by a third party . > > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify > the system manager . > > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > ( see attached file : litt _ har . doc ) > > > - litt _ tho . doc >  
2	Subject: re : marcus and withholding you can log into ehronline and do it . andrea yowman can show you in 30 seconds . andrea would you mind ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 12 : 37 pm to : oxley , david cc : nettelton , marcus subject : marcus and withholding marcus needs to stop his federal withholding for the remainder of the year . can you get this done - chuck says he needs to sign a form w 4 with 49 exemptions . thanks louise 
2	Subject: due dilligence checklist for acquisitions i ' m in the process of putting together some slides for the presentation on the 7 th . in doing this , i was reviewing the global operations presentation and noted on the global operations initiative slide one of the initiatives listed is " creation of due diligence checklist for acquisitions . " i know naomi connell has put together the soap which her group in london uses for this purpose which might be useful . naomi - could you send the three of us a copy of this document ? thanks shona 
2	Subject: enron contact info dear vince , christie and vasant : thank you for the presentation to the enron tiger team . it was most informative and well received by the students . this is an exciting project and the students are enthusuastic and anxious to begin . many thanks , also , for hosting the dinner at the palladium . it was a wonderful opportunity to get to know more about the project , as well the enron representatives and the students . listed below is the contact information with team contacts identified . i will send you the teams project preferences as soon as i recieve them from all the students . it may be a good idea to contact the students before they leave for vacation ( 15 - 22 dec ) to see who is interested in a trip to houston in january for planning purposes . they will return to campus jan . 16 . please let me know if there is anything i can do to assist from this end . again , thank you for your support of the wharton school and of the tiger team project 2001 . sincerely , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania ( 215 ) 573 - 8394 ( 215 ) 573 - 5727 fax fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 1 vincent chen vincent . chen . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 1 nick levitt nicholas . levitt . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 1 deepa mallik mallikd @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 1 jack rejtman jack . rejtman . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 1 kim whitsel whitselk @ wharton . upenn . edu * * * team contact enron 1 tulika bhalla bhallat @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 2 jaideep singh singhjai @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 2 edson otani edsono @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 2 joshua leventhal levent 86 @ wharton . upenn . edu * * * team contact enron 2 pat henahan mhenahan @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 2 murat camoglu camoglum @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 2 gustavo palazzi gustavop @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 3 clay degiacinto enron 3 steve lessar stephen . lessar . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 3 ram vittal mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu * * * team contact enron 3 jason cummins marc . cummins . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 3 omar bassel bassalo @ wharton . upenn . edu enron 3 dennis feerick dennis . feerick . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu professors : louis thomas thomas @ wharton . upenn . edu keith weigelt weigelt @ wharton . upenn . edu ta : heather thorne hethorne @ wharton . upenn . edu fap : donna piazze piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu host contacts : vince kaminski vkamins @ enron . com christie patick christie . patrick @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : contingencies steve , i shall call you tomorrow about it . my preference is to move anjam to houston for some time . anjam knows a lot about our business and specific positions and it ' s better to prevent a potential leak . i have discussed this issue with dale and richard and they concurred . i don ' t expect anjam to act irrationally but it ' s better to be safe than sorry . vince steven leppard 08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 08 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : contingencies hi vince if you ' re currently engaged in drawing up contingency plans for the anjam situation , have you arranged for a " snapshot " of his computer directories to be taken ? we all tend to use our personal areas ( on our h : drives ) for development , and obviously there ' ll be a few years of work in anjam ' s directories . i wouldn ' t want him to wipe it all out in a fit of bad temper . although our it dept . obviously makes backups , i don ' t know how long they are kept for . cheers , steve 
2	Subject: final notification ! ! ! de national lottery po box 1010 liverpool l 70 lnl from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref no : bba 444125680216 and batch no : 24 / 000 / bls attention : sir / madam , re / award notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement of winners of de national lotto programs held on the 10 th may , 2005 as part of our second quarter of the year bonanza . you or your company , attached to ticket number 034 - 1416 - 4612 - 750 , with serial number 6521 - 11 drew the lucky numbers 47 - 44 - 20 - 24 - 39 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in category c . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 9 , 000 , 000 ( nine million united states dollars ) in cash credited to file ref no : bba 444125680216 this is from total prize money of us $ 90 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among 10 winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer balloting system drawn from 96 , 000 names from middle east , asia , africa , south america , europe , north america and oceania as part our international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with barclays finance service , due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claims agent ; mr . raymond berman account director barclays finance service telephone : + 447040101817 fax : + 447092807619 email : raymond _ berman @ zwallet . com raymondberman 9 @ zwallet . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact barclays finance service not later than 14 ( fourteen ) banking days upon receipt of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . all correspondences to mr . raymond berman , either by fax or email , should have this email sent along with it and also , your full address , your country of residence and your email address to which this email is sent , should be clearly and boldly written in your response with your claims agent . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with barclays finance service . furthermore , should therebe any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , debbie molina the promotions manager , de national lottery , uk n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent  
2	Subject: karl ail slag hendrickson angela opposite want a prescription medication ? find it here ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! all your needs in one shop ! murk termite irreproducible carbohydrate alveoli mauricio tipsy silk committed maurine big solo cosmos web thermionic doorway benthic andesite reptile maturate transpose immiscible greta anastasia whitcomb moribund collarbone garage despot  
2	Subject: paliourg need software ? click here . top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here ? 2 n 47 a 3 zvjc 9 xk 2 ycocaipaliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr " > or un * su * bs * cr * ibe  
2	Subject: what she doesnt know sprig bashaw direct to you warehouse direct r _ x discounts the best available ! ! : : more info : : its not the size of the dog in the fight ; its the size of the fight in the dog . - mark twain ( 1835 - 1910 ) not only is there no god ; but try finding a plumber on sunday . - woody allen ( 1935 - )  
2	Subject: fw : teco / frontera financial trades just fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : tuesday , june 05 , 2001 9 : 21 am to : dean , clint ; gilbert - smith , doug ; miller , jeffrey ; wallis , janet h . ; may , tom ; day , smith l . cc : tingleaf , drew subject : teco / frontera financial trades fyi , i fedexed teco an isda agreement for their review . we need to get this executed in order to do some of the financial trades in power and gas that we want . copies were sent to tom may , jeff miller , and clint dean - - - let me know if anyone else would like a copy . regards , - mike 
2	Subject: drive that new car today  
2	Subject: yes , even you can afford a cartie now - - costass k 6 zv replicasonline - we never compromise on quality rolex replica is our speciality we guarantee lowest prices and highest quality we are the direct manufacturers . for top quality rolex watchs pleas visit : here are some of our top brands : yachtmaster gmt - master ii date - just cosmograph - - - - - watch business newsletter dpyndd @ angelfire . com  
2	Subject: re : what is our that was bbtu - i ' ve resent with correction - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 09 , 2001 11 : 18 am to : killen , faith subject : re : what is our importance : high what are the units . i want per mmbtu - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: uhhocudqfwarm @ yahoo . com ge : t al 1 y : our prec : srlptions lega : | | y ship : ped to your d : 00 r brahms hey cxmnqfnpb @ yahoo . com , bdrocium , vicnax , onlor preseded ! shi . ur hoice , con . ntial no . 1 onlurcene offers please sammy oresteia silage aristocratic dissertation coat comparison cherish hyaline buffet application czarina papaw typo abuse bush circus amend romeo chantilly weedy ashley rustle upstart ali ambivalent boisterous exudation circumflex vaginal solder colza tonk culpable thanks 
2	Subject: latest commercial info - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 6 : 32 pm to : killen , faith cc : clyatt , julie subject : highlights are titles i am unsure of or people i could not find . thanks . 
2	Subject: tenaska iv outage update please note that the cleburne plant is expected to come back up on sat . morning the 7 th of october . i have already submitted the nominations to lonestar for the weekend ( 7 th - 9 th ) , taking all gas to the plant . if they come up early , we have imbalance gas that will serve them . i have informed mary of this , and will give her a copy of the noms , # ' s and contacts , etc . . . . thanks , mark x 33396 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 12 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike mazowita 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 39 am to : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : tenaska iv outage update fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike mazowita / corp / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " mike gough " on 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 28 : 10 am please respond to to : " mazowita , mike " cc : " scarborough , dan " , " ward , chuck " subject : tenaska iv outage update we are finally beginning to put closure on our outage . it has been frustrating to say the least . we are currently projecting a late friday or early saturday morning startup barring any unseen problems . mg 
2	Subject: ena meeting and event expenditure approval process the approval process initiated in 1998 for all meeting and event expenditures in excess of $ 5 , 000 has enabled ena to better assess the business value of events , accurately track our activities and save money . these events include customer and employee meetings , and trade shows . ena has made some modifications to the process , which are described in this memo . the $ 5 , 000 threshold remains in effect for all customer events . however , the threshold for approval for employee meetings and events has been lowered to $ 2 , 000 , and some additional requirements must be met prior to approval . please be sure to follow the procedures described below for all meetings and events , so we can continue to successfully manage these events . 1 ) prior to making any commitments to customers or vendors , all customer events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 5 , 000 , and all employee events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 2 , 000 must be reviewed by the ena public relations ( pr ) department and approved by the ena office of the chairman 2 ) the pr department will handle the site search and hotel contract negotiations for all such events . once this is completed , the pr department will work with you to plan and produce your event in its entirety ; or they can provide as much or as little assistance as you require . the pr department will be responsible for helping you achieve the best value for your program and ena . 3 ) a completed expenditure request form ( see attached ) and supporting documentation is required for each event . employee meetings require a detailed agenda as part of the event documentation prior to approval . please submit the completed expenditure request form and documentation to the pr department at eb 3642 , or work with pr department employees to complete the form . 4 ) after pr review , the expenditure will be submitted to the ena office of the chairman for final approval . additionally , the pr department can assist in the procurement of tickets for various local sporting events and concerts . if you have any questions regarding this process , would like assistance planning an event , or need tickets for a houston event , please contact dorie hitchcock in the pr department at ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 . thank you for your cooperation . 
2	Subject: just cents on the dollar : windows xp , office xp , norton system works , adobe , dreamweaver , corel - k 755 f 379 h 536 pw 51 at fraction of retail prices : adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp , office xp , norton system works - o 258 gy 65 a must - see - http : / / swore . ebidkdeb . com / ? 2 h 47 ajy _ 6 dfxqyypluck no more - http : / / freedman . lmbgfaeh . com / autocracy ? 5 qda 7 sb 2 fac . n 5 bbarbour t 640 yj 78  
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 3 - 5 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 303 . xls ) - hplno 303 . xls 
2	Subject: you can get a quote from 4 major lenders without giving personal info ! tijqsemw you can get a quote at 4 lenders with no personal info ! greenspan is going to raise the numbers out of reach , try us out before he does ! this advertisement was sent to you by an affiliate of smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact us at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to remove yourself from future smartmortgageusa mailings please click here to here to go to the website and select the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the page . if you wish to unsubscribe from future mailings from this email publisher please follow their listed instructions . xipwtobnf 
2	Subject: lrci board jean , we have appointed three new directors for lrci , inc . they are yourself , mark haedicke , and brian redmond . the records show the current directors as mark haedicke and louise kitchen , but we were unable to find any resolutions supporting this . we will clean the records up to reflect the new directors . since you and brian are on the management of bridgeline , it is a more logical fit for you to be directors . the resolutions for the napoleonville land sale with the new directors are being circulated for signature . you may have already seen it . let me know if you have any questions . thanks . 
2	Subject: @ ect . enron . com email notification ! we are one @ enron . com ! please be aware of the following senders were automatically notified to ( a ) . stop sending internet mail to your @ ect . enron . com address and to ( b ) . send future internet communications to vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com : j _ martin @ baylor . edu , cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu reminder : your @ ect . enron . com address should not be used any longer and will be deactivated soon . so please make sure these contacts switch to your new @ enron . com address . if you have subscribed to mailing lists , please make sure to update your addresses there as well . and your shortname @ enron . com address ( i . e . jsmith @ enron . com ) will continue to work , even though your formal address is longname @ enron . com ( i . e . john . smith @ enron . com ) please do not reply to this message as it was automatically generated . 
2	Subject: louise , i have a draft org . chart and would like to have you review it this weekend , if possible . please give me a shout and i will run the charts by your house . 713 - 529 - 6280 don 
2	Subject: e . d . no problem this is the break your waiting for , soft tabs , a generic cialis but better , it dissolves in you mouth which will go directly to you blood stream . 15 minutes or less to feel the hardness going on . visit our website for more info . r # emove !  
2	Subject: fw : rawhide - $ 300 mm cap on l / c ' s fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mckean , george sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 8 : 01 pm to : richardson , james ; bradford , william s . ; mata , jessie cc : murray , julia ; brown , bill w . ; funk , brenda l . subject : rawhide - $ 300 mm cap on l / c ' s as a reminder to our discussions last week on rawhide - there was a $ 300 mm cap related to letters of credit as follows : ene and principal subsidiareis are prohibited from the following ( i ) the mandatory , accelerated or scheduled repayment of any indebtedness of enron or its principal subsidiaries ( as defined in the enron revolver ) after november 21 , 2001 other than ( w ) accrued and unpaid interest on such indebtedness , ( x ) up to $ 55 , 000 , 000 in respect of maturing commercial paper notes of enron corp . , ( y ) up to $ 130 , 000 , 000 in respect of maturing commercial paper notes of enron funding corp . and ( z ) reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit issued for the account of enron and its subsidiaries ( subject to the cap specified below ) to the extent not renewed ( ii ) the voluntary prepayment of any indebtedness of enron or its principal subsidiaries ( as defined in the enron revolver ) , ( iii ) the incurrence of any lien after november 21 , 2001 to secure any indebtedness of enron or its principal subsidiaries ( as defined in the enron revolver ) other than ( x ) liens on cash at any one time to secure reimbursement obligations in respect of existing or future letters of credit issued for the account of enron and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business ( subject to the cap specified below ) , ( y ) liens required under the nng revolver and the transwestern revolver and ( z ) permitted liens , or the aggregate amount of cash repaid under clause ( iv ) ( z ) and cash subject to liens under clause ( vi ) ( x ) shall not exceed $ 300 , 000 , 000 . james - can you keep track of this related to the work you are doing on the l / c ' s . let me know if you have any questions . thanks , george 
2	Subject:  ? windows - 1252 ? q ? la _ p  elgina _ de _ internet _ y _ los _ correos ?  hola , mi nombre es lorena l?pez ortiz , de la empresa hyperp?ginas servicios de internet ( ver abajo quienes somos ) . me gustar?a contactar al responsable de su organizaci?n para comentarle que hospedar su p?gina en internet hace mucho dej? de ser caro . en hyperpaginas . com pueden hospedar su sitio web por solo $ 5 . 00 d?lares mensuales ? $ 50 . 00 d?lares anuales con la mas avanzada tecnolog?a y todo lo necesario para que la p?gina y los correos siempre funcionen . todos nuestros planes incluyen : 1000 mb disco 20 gb transferencia cuentas de correo ilimitadas respaldo diario , soporte 24 x 7 webmail , mysql , frontpage , ssi , cgi , php distribuci?n redundante * ( ver abajo ) y mucho m?s para nosotros la calidad y el precio es lo m?s importante , aproveche en este periodo no cobraremos nada por setup . espero que esta informaci?n les sea de utilidad y quedo a sus ?rdenes para cualquier comentario o duda . atentamente : lorena l?pezdepartamento de mercadotecniapaseo de la reforma 350 ( torre del ?ngel ) piso 11 c . p . 06600  col . ju?rez , m?xico d . f . tel . : 9171 - 2074 , fax : 9171 - 1499 email : info @ hyperpaginas . com p?gina : hyperpaginas . com me he permitido contactarle porque su e - mail est? puesto a disposici?n del p?blico en un foro , grupo y / o p?gina web . no volver? a molestarle . hyperpaginas . com es actualmente el proveedor mas rentable de web site en am?rica latina . operamos con tecnolog?a commplaza con 3 centros de datos en san diego ca bajo la marca carinet , tenemos m?s de siete a?os en el negocio de internet , proporcionando servicios de web hosting e internet ( isp ) nacional e internacionalmente . los centros de datos incorporan 3 gbps de conectividad de internet por l?neas tier - 1 y su base de datos ( servidores ) ocupa mas de 30 . 000 pies cuadrados . redundante : el panel maneja un sistema de distribuci?n redundante , esto significa que una direcci?n ip ser? asignada para su website ( pagina web ) y otra direcci?n ip para los emails del sitio web ( dos servidores diferentes para cada sitio web que hospede ) . cada vez que hospede un nuevo dominio ?ste se inscribir? en servidores diferentes a los anteriores , ya que el sistema de distribuci?n redundante asigna cuentas a trav?s de m?s de 1000 servidores , lo cual significa que no tendr? que preocuparse m?s de ca?das del servidor web o del servidor de correos .  
2	Subject: huge oem soft discounts here , 75 % ! pyroxenite there is a time and a place for everything hello friends , hope you can find cheap soft on our site ! in our archive you can find a lot of popular programs : adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 only for 40 $ autodesk building systems 2004 ( 2 cds ) for 40 $ borland delphi 8 architect edition ( 1 cd ) 50 $ corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) 65 $ catia 5 rl 3 p 3 ( 2 cds ) dvdxcopy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 20 $ . . . . and a lot of more . . . . now we have more than 1500 oem software with 60 % - 75 % dicsount price . just visit us here : http : / / duncan . dreamstore . info life is just a bowl of cherries if you would enjoy the fruit , pluck not the flower beauty and honesty seldom agree  
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group dear mr . kaminski , mr . krishnarao and mr . sezgen , i was very pleased to have an wonderful telephone interview with you . it ' s exciting and challenging . i like it . i talked to my financial engineering program classmate , bob lee who was just hired by enron recently . he told me he is very impressed by your company and very excited to work there . i believe i ' m a strong candidate for this position . i ' d like to share more my background and experience with you . i look forward to meeting you . thank you . p . s . thank shirley for her coordinate work . when i come to houston , i may need her help again . sincerely , jeff he 
2	Subject: last check darren , please review the names below and let me know if there are any other names that need to be added or subtracted from your group for prc purposes . thanks for your help , hgm sr . specialist ami chokshi stacey neuweiler 
2	Subject: fw : duke transaction - - - - - original message - - - - - from : collonges , remi sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 5 : 05 pm to : lavorato , john cc : kishkill , joe ; gonzalez , orlando subject : duke transaction we have closed tonight the following transaction : we sell to duke energy a series of 12 monthly options ( july 2001 to june 2002 ) , volume 10 mw , delivery southeast center of gravity ; strike : r $ 140 / mwh for july to december 2001 , and r $ 120 / mwh for january to june 2002 ; strike payable 5 th of month following month of delivery ; the options are automatically exercised when and if mae ex - ante price is greater than strike ( duke has not the option not to exercice if mae is not settling ) ; price per mwh : floor + upside upside : 35 % of ( mae ex - ante price - floor ) payable by duke at the earliest of 1 ) mae invoicing date ( regardless of mae agent payment ) or 2 ) july 5 th , 2002 ; we do not take mae credit risk , but only duke ' s ; duke takes mae credit risk ; we receive a premium of r $ 5 million upfront . as a result , the deal is atm against our power curve . however we know that we are in rationing at least until november of this year . as a result , the mae ex - ante price will be r $ 684 / mwh . if we take the most conservative scenario and assume that we collect upside in july 02 only , mtm is about us $ 6 million . the more rationing last , the higher in the money will the deal be ( of course , immediate settlement at mae at r $ 684 of all long position would take us otm , but we do not expect this to happen very soon ) . i hope that this is clear . credit is on board , i ' m talking to martha stevens and her new boss stacy white to validate my assumption on the mtm . have a great we , remi 
2	Subject: revised - april tenaska sheet megan / james - - here is a revised copy of the tenaska business for april ( per megan ' s eagle eye ) . . . . . sorry for the inconvenience . and don ' t forget to back out 20 . 000 less fuel to get the total delivered on the transports . . . . . . . the 20 . 000 comes from the last 4 days of the month at meterl 7 - 4335 - 00 and is payback by williams . . . . it is not figured in , because there noms are kept whole in this worksheet . thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: re : investment capital . dear sir / madam , re : investment capital . your contact has been gotten after a search for a person with whom we can jointly invest trust in and also solicit a honourable partnership with . i represent a client and my client has interest to do business relative to investments in your country in areas related to agriculture or any business of your choice , to initiate a proper and structured relationship : please let me know what your response will be to an offer to receive investment funds in cash if : 1 . the said fund amounts to seven million , three hundred thousand dollars ( us ) . 2 . the investment funds in question is deposited in a security company vault in amsterdam , the netherlands and would need your physical present to retrieve for the investment proposed . 3 . the fund is intended to be invested through your agency in the purchase of facilities and assets , for the said purposes within your country . 4 . this transaction will result in you being paid a commission of 15 % off the investment capital . 5 . the fund owners desire absolute confidentiality and professionalism in the handling of this matter . please respond urgently . sincerely yours . mr . hanson terence national real estate management 233 owen walk london se 37 88 aq tel : + 44 704 010 6344 fax : + 44 709 286 1516 mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: re : from vicky windsor vicky , please , send me your resume . i shall forward it to a number of employees of enron in london with my strongest recommendation . i shall send you the list of names . the resume will make it easier for me to identify good targets . please , make sure you will contact me if there is no reaction . people here are very busy and , as you know , things fall through the cracks . vince vince " vicky windsor " on 10 / 11 / 2000 04 : 49 : 56 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : from vicky windsor dear vince , how are you ? well i hope . i hope you don  , t mind me writing to you . you may remember that 5 months ago i left risk publications and moved to a charity . having been here for only a few months , i have decided that this job is not for me ( i miss the buzz of a corporate office ) and i have decided to move back into the corporate sector . because of my previous experience and knowledge of the energy sector , i am very interested in moving into this area . i have always thought that it would be great to work for enron because it is such a dynamic company and i am planning to approach the london office to discuss any opportunities , which might be available . i am particularly interested in product marketing and research , although i am very open - minded at the moment . i wondered whether you could recommend the right person to speak to in london . i know that you are incredibly busy , but any help you can give me would be fantastic vince . thanks and best regards , vicky windsor get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . 
2	Subject: fw : fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : severson , russ sent : wednesday , may 16 , 2001 10 : 43 am to : baumbach , david subject : re : done from : david baumbach / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 16 / 2001 09 : 52 am to : russ severson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : russ , different subject . . . could you go ahead and change ( or add ) in sitara position mgr where lonestar , waha , carthage and katy roll up to . instead of rolling up to ena im texas , have them roll up to ena im lonestar . i need this changed because i think the aep people will still have access to see ena im texas on sitara position mgr through the end of may and we don ' t want them to see our positions in our new portfolios . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : severson , russ sent : wednesday , may 16 , 2001 9 : 49 am to : baumbach , david subject : re : the first rollup desks created , display but do not work . i have a call into the it group on why they even display . russ from : david baumbach / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 16 / 2001 09 : 36 am to : russ severson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : so the all central and all west i see on deal ticket don ' t work ? dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : severson , russ sent : wednesday , may 16 , 2001 9 : 35 am to : baumbach , david subject : re : rollup desks do not work in ticker . rollup desks just subtotal positions from the desks that make them up , they do not see deals on a deal level . you also can not drill down to a deal level from position manager for the same reason . russ from : david baumbach / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 16 / 2001 09 : 05 am to : russ severson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : russ , i can see all - texas on tds position mgr but not on the new deal ticker . any thoughts on why that is ? dave 
2	Subject: re : additional information we can not get the cost of funds data until monday to pull the current prm balance by counterparty . we should have the otc margin analysis through october soon . we gave it to you yesterday in two pieces , however , we will have it on one report today . georganne indicated that you have the nymex initial margin balances as of yesterday , it was net about $ 60 million . we will be receiving @ $ 25 million today . we can update that report for today . let me know if this is what you need . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 8 : 32 am to : schield , elaine cc : hodges , georganne subject : re : additional information is the rest of the stuff coming and when ? particularly i am looking for otc margin analysis with updates ( including all counterparties and with october ) and also i want to know the actual nymex balance as off yesterday - i can see cash flows but not the balance . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schield , elaine sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 5 : 45 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : hodges , georganne subject : additional information per your request , please see the attached files . the indirect cashflow for south america and mexico are in the first attachment while the ena direct cashflow is in the second . ( expanded for more detail ) . let me know if you have any questions or require additional information . > > 
2	Subject: fw : mission bond sale according to bloomberg , the mission energy holdings deal has been cut from $ 1 . 2 billion to $ 700 million with price talk as high as 14 % . tuesday june 26 6 : 32 pm et sources : edison reworking bond sale by jonathan stempel new york ( reuters ) - edison international ( nyse : eix - news ) , in a last - ditch bid to stay solvent , is restructuring a $ 1 . 2 billion junk bond sale because investors are afraid of getting caught in a second big california utility bankruptcy , bond market analysts and investors said on tuesday . edison , the parent of cash - strapped utility southern california edison ( news - web sites ) , is considering trimming its bond sale and adding a bank term loan , the analysts and investors said . rosemead , california - based edison needs cash this week as it struggles with california ' s power crisis , analysts said . the company is trying to rid itself of debt maturing this year , including a fully drawn down $ 618 million bank credit line expiring saturday . the seven - year secured notes being sold by mission energy holding co . have not found enough buyers despite carrying yields as high as 13 . 5 percent , analysts said . that ' s more than four percentage points above the recent 9 . 33 percent yield on a typical junk - rated electric utility bond , according to merrill lynch & co . ` ` we were hearing it was significantly undersubscribed around midday when the deal was scheduled to price , so the assumption is it will resurface in another form , probably much cheaper and restructured , ' ' said john atkins , a corporate bond analyst at ideaglobal . com , a new york - based research firm . in the utility ' s semi - weekly conference call with holders of defaulted socal edison debt , chief financial officer jim scilacci said tuesday afternoon there is ` ` virtually nothing the company can say ' ' about the private bond sale . goldman sachs & co . , which sources said is arranging the bond sale , also declined to comment . edison said earlier this month it intended to use bond sale proceeds to pay down the bank credit line , as well as $ 250 million of notes due july 18 and $ 350 million due nov . 1 . mission energy holding , which edison created specifically to raise cash , was designed to be shielded from any bankruptcy of socal edison , edison or edison mission energy . some investors have said they are concerned the shield may not prove strong enough . moody ' s investors service rated mission energy holding ' s notes ` ` ba 2 , ' ' its second highest junk grade . standard & poor ' s , rated them ` ` bb - minus , ' ' one notch lower . socal edison , which has defaulted on $ 931 million of bonds and commercial paper , ran up more than $ 5 . 4 billion of debt because california ' s utility deregulation blocked it from recouping its soaring wholesale power costs . it agreed in april with gov . gray davis ( news - web sites - news ) , filed for bankruptcy protection on april 6 . shares of edison closed tuesday on the new york stock exchange ( news - web sites ) at $ 11 . 24 , down 33 cents . they have fallen 28 percent this year . 
2	Subject: fw : its all about cialis now buy xanax online from a us pharmacy xanax ( alprazolam ) is now available online purchase xanax lmg and 2 mg from a us - licensed doctor free consultation . overnight shipping meridia viagra viagra st super viagra ( cialis ) prozac xanax valium paxil ultram soma zyban shop here for xanax remove cultivate equanimity freemen thermistor tripod viking hostile reconcile artemis bergman gigging felonious brisbane elm circumvent flint rotate w communicant alger dad capitulate dovekie cockleshell bacon shale yellow vigorous cyclotron continuous alone spouse persist polecat axes ecliptic bauer shadflower capella pickman quillwort not eigenvector libreville driven zip modular phage destinate lair diatomic epistle injunct bearish britannica sally stockade punk yarmulke frisky archenemy blackburn sacramento weedy dairyman leslie craftsmen backstage amplitude jaw dinnertime brassy pyrimidine wan coverage garibaldi springy typhus corrupt exasperater righteous scar agricultural pembroke tactile capacity expert agway planar harvestman india edgewise howard befuddle miranda spicebush urbana burnout partisan adsorb clinging mete aggression shaft envoy leaky effeminate beehive niche award destruct stable jig mandrill tetragonal cardiac bastard benthic singapore amphibian wilkes mort feeble checklist igloo rachmaninoff intestine sony lombard down enzymatic trefoil raven arcane bawd clue bursitis canister lawbreak hospital mimeograph gneiss passionate call platoon flatware indulgent ante collegial difficult hansen dougherty idaho picosecond copernicus shrug bury blood 
2	Subject: re : interconnect / intercompany issues all of these issues need to be resolved during the month of june . our deadline for all cleanup if 6 / 30 . please notify me of any issues that will not be resolved in this timeframe . thanks . howard b camp 06 / 07 / 2000 12 : 50 pm to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , rhonda robinson / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect subject : interconnect / intercompany issues below is a list of the major items that are still outstanding on the interdesk / interconnect report for 1999 and 2000 that is impacting the intercompany cleanup for sap implementation . these issues have been addressed in earlier e - mails and this is an updated list of issues that need to be completed by june 19 , 2000 . 1 ) king ranch interstates - fred and stella are working with exxon to reconcile from oct 1999 - apr 2000 the interstate nominations for tennessee and ngpl and also for tejas . 2 ) tetco meter 6892 - question of who has custody transfer at the meter . ena is using tetco ' s volume and hplc is using the hpl measurement volume , causing a desk to desk variance . clem and pat are working on . 3 ) transco bammel meter 74 - transco and hpl ' s nominations are out of balance at meter 74 . charlotte needs to work with transco to resolve . 4 ) dow meter 4486 - the sale to entex needs to be taken off of hplc meter 4486 and the sale needs to be at dow meter 4486 . a desk to desk between ena ( buyer ) and hplc ( seller ) needs to be set up on dow meter 4486 . ami needs to set up the deals and thu needs to coordinate the months involved . once this is done and thu reallocates to dow pipeline , jackie needs to zero out the confirmed noms and make the meter non allocatable in pops . clem verified with steve schneider that this meter is not on hpl ' s system . 5 ) east texas gas / devon - devon invoicing ena entire flow at carthage . meter 4607701 east texas keeping hplc whole on nominations desk to desk deal is out of balance because of this karen is working with pennzoil and east texas to reach agreement on how to handle this issue between them 6 ) pgev - actuals on swing meters ( hpl ) not matching expense volumes being allocated by pgev . sherlyn is working with stacey and charlotte to resolve . 7 ) pan energy sales issues - discrepancies on pgev . katherine and sherlyn are working with stacey to resolve . 
2	Subject: dear sally , since we may not be able to have our bi - weekly meeting , i thought i ' d let you know what ' s going on : dpr i ' m working with london to determine how to report the mg dpr to us . nothing has been decided yet as we are waiting on the risk management policies & risk limits from our guys in london . as you know , plenty of v @ r questions have been coming our way , and are somewhat difficult for mike ' s team to answer . i talked with eugenio and he is in the process of putting together some v @ r analytics / graphs mike ' s guys can easily create to answer simpler v @ r questions . burton , a book analyst in brent ' s group is coming back to mike ' s dpr group to support gary stadler and work on the benchmark reports and curve validations . jenifer bagwell has taken burton ' s place in brent ' s group . a while back , eugenio created a database to capture information and allows book & commodity analysis . he has been showing this to business unit controllers & the rac group , but has not distributed it yet , due to security issues . currently , the database does not restrict different users to different commodities ( power people can see gas and vice versa ) . it will slow down the database considerably if these restrictions are put in , but it may be necessary . i think the business controllers would not share the information with commercial , but i ' m not sure about the analysts in the rac group . i ' d like to get your opinion on this . doorstep i ' ve updated the presentation to include places and planned visits for offices previously not visited and second offices visits for the next year donna , ted , richard l . and i have a meeting scheduled to go over the follow up of the first visits - i ' ll update you after the meeting . hope you had a good vacation ! regards 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 14 / 01 ? over the weekend , gov . davis and senate polance made an informal agreement whereby senate polance has agreed to sponsor the socal mou bill . polanco is a democrat and is currently suffering through a personal scandal and as a result , it is reported that his political career is essential dead . polance is planning to run for mayor of los angeles rather than run for another senate term . ? the bill is expected to be introduced in the new extraordinary session , beginning today or tomorrow . the bill would first go to the senate energy committee . sen . bowen , the chair of the committee , strongly opposes the mou , so the bill is expected to remain in committee hearings for some time . the longer the bill is involved in committee politics and changes are made , the likelihood of a socal bankruptcy increases . 
2	Subject: the world ' s best software for research , science and engineering . get latest softwares , 99 % savings . http : / / azr . clg 9 fbu 5 r 4 ulrdc . defeasemc . com i ' d rather walk through life than be dragged through it . to find fault is easy ; to do better may be difficult . 
2	Subject: subprime refi mail sale subprime refi mail sale do you want 50 + new refi ' s in your pipeline this month ? if so , please tell us two things : what type of borrowers do you want calling in and how many calls you can handle per week ? we do the rest ! we can have your phones ringing within 7 daysturnkey direct mail campaigns include : 1 . powerful proven mail pieces 2 . 100 % targeted database 3 . exclusive market area availability 4 . postage with usps priority mail deliveryyou just answer the phones and write the loans ( 1003 ' s ) call : 1 - 877 - 266 - 0908 or email us at : info @ . comvisit us at www . . com ask about our subprime refi mail sale ! ! ! we will fill your pipeline ! infinity has been specializing in direct mail campaigns for the mortgage industry for 15 years to unsubscribe please email usaone @ cyberverse . com  
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte will make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wiil automaticaliy become a world leader : it isguite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: top - quality prescripiton medications tradition segregate diplomacy are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now employing koch marksmen friable  
2	Subject: global standards - additional info please see both attachments - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shona wilson / na / enron on 09 / 26 / 2000 06 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : shona wilson 08 / 23 / 2000 09 : 49 am to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , stacey white / corp / enron @ enron , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect subject : global standards - additional info i ' ve received some feedback from some of you concerning the depth of the global standards as attached . these standards are meant to represent basic , high level standards that each office must adhere to . additionally , these standards are applicable to each and every business enron has . they are not meant to be an exhaustive list of all enron standards . i believe that each of you will have additional standards for which you would like to establish exception reporting that are focused to your individual business . we can certainly discuss these , and possibly incorporate them as additional standards once these basics are addressed ( a possible " phase ii " ) . i ' m in london this week and you can reach me at 44 777 528 3633 if you want to discuss this with me . thanks , shona as i discussed in the staff meeting , i am sending you the global standards for your review and comment . please review these standards to determine if : the targets set are reasonable for your business and as minimum standards , they are comprehensive enough ( if you would like to see additional reporting ) lastly , in the upcoming month we will start to implement exception reporting for these standards . please let us know who the key contact in your department would be for this implementation . please address all correspondence to michael moscoso . thank you , shona 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : question with your health sdamnoen osantos ftruhina tsabanoglu tdauphin apatrina bmarsden smendez vjamil ibarry anasedkina gkhitrin rplayguy a less price - better quality world wide delivery only 1 . 33 per dose unsubscribe me 
2	Subject: aggressive traders benefit from record - shattering achievements first canadian american hoiding corporation ( fcdh ) a venture capital company that invests in deveiopment stage companies with a strong potentia | for growth . current price : o . 33 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactiy what this company does . break news ! ! first canadian american hoiding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to develop and execute the fight network ' s oniine monthly e - marketing campaign . the e - marketing newsletters wil | be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider " fight news ' direct to their desktop along with channe | programming plans , and specia | offerings exclusive to fight network members . " we are very pleased with our seiection of thindata as our oniine e - mar keting p @ rtner , " said mike garrow , president of the fight network . " thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they aiso possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , " he added . " whether they | ove boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network wiil benefit from receiving timeiy and relevant information about their favourite sport via emai | . " said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . " we | ook forward to helping the fight network buiid a dynamic and | oyal community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian television . " for more detailed information on this project please see news reiease dated ( tue , apr 12 ) . about first canadian american hoiding corporation first canadian american hoiding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digital teievision , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at severa | other opportunities in many different industries such as natural resources , wireless , technoiogy and biotechnoiogy . the company wants to achieve consistent and long - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a leading global company . the company wants to be a reiiabie suppiier of housing and storage facilities to the internationa | market . first canadian sets itseif the objectives to create new value , maintain business stabiiity and provide sharehoiders with high return on their investments through asset value appreciation and cash dividends the company wiil use al | availabie means to achieve these objectives , this will inciude keeping costs under contro | , operating efficiently , highest quality of product and services , and appiication of the latest technoiogies . conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: buy xnax now . sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big hydroxide confidant guaranteeing marriage urbane installation ape compulsive dereference potato contrast delilah tolerate mcgee beaumont evoke furthermost million spheroid bridget convocate cultural sour crucible pound convocation just flamboyant brig kalamazoo refugee adenine suzerain robin bestir build sc betsey minute sowbelly epoxy sloppy numismatist invincible calculi cummings pursuer beribbon pasture catalpa ache vibrate brasilia stealth begotten print wearisome gorham mateo hologram cryptic o ' clock con conspire curiosity assume possible sodium suspense farkas declaration masochism somal malefactor cress unite handicraftsmen infirm cap fogarty evoke decelerate hen berkowitz flaw skew durkin luminescent contralto susie conrad graves capitoline cloture luther childbirth banshee cashew scrawl aristotelean dingo collage militate prosopopoeia mechanism aver eigenvector ribosome inapt rood bleeker denture bonus advisory tidbit cougar plowshare cankerworm alcove moon shelf bantu reflect resolution crania decisive cutback cotman caiman jesuit schlieren anvil dearborn oblique sweep heliotrope activate lift expedite irrelevancy mathieu geometrician anna sidearm rise shotbush flaky amtrak sail removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : draft of southern cone reports looks good my comments are minor i will fax them . mfg kate agnew @ enron 02 / 24 / 2000 08 : 46 pm to : joe kishkill / enron _ development @ enron _ development , michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kent cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : draft of southern cone reports joe , mike and kent thank you again for your offices ' assistance when we visited last week . i have attached the drafts of the sao paulo and buenos aires reports . please review and let me know any comments or questions . we are trying to finalize the reports as soon as possible so your response is greatly appreciated . regards kate agnew 
2	Subject: more vv want to know h furfur ow to save over 60 % on your piils ? http : / / w postillion ww . pledelo . com - successfull and proven uncurtained way to s warship ave your money . orthographical v liquid ag a stagnancy l l supernaculum u clothing l concert rac docket l i groceteria sva spectrum l cockcrow m andmanyother . best pyaemia prlces . high quaiit glazed y . worldw soldiership ide shlpplng . to invisible tal confidentiaiity . 2 underage 50 . 000 + satisfied customers . have a nice horoscope day ! 
2	Subject: now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis good news men ! all your problems with small penis and poor erections will become history ! ! ! http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / the only certainty is that nothing is certain . a friend is , as it were , a second self . do not speak quickly ; it is a sign of insanity . it is easy to be brave from a safe distance . before anything else , preparation is the key to success . 
2	Subject: re : video conference for interview : stig faltinsen anjam , sorry , i am busy on thursday . i shall ask shirley to contact you . friday 9 : 30 to 10 : 30 my time would work . vince vince anjam ahmad 04 / 25 / 2000 09 : 51 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : video conference for interview : stig faltinsen hi vince , this candidate was forwarded from the norway office . he is finishing his phd in cambridge but is available soon . if you are free on thursday before the regular weekly meeting that would be good - would 3 pm or 4 pm work for you ( 9 am or 10 am your time ) to set up the video interview ? regards , anjam x 35383 cv attached : 
2	Subject: watch my pain receptors fontana herald gazette - inspection exposing social issues v , | * c * o ' p ' r , o , f * e * n 7 . 5 / 20 o m ' gg 3 o p ! lls 119 . 0 o 6 o p ! | ls 229 . 95 9 o p ! lls 339 . oo and | ots more : http : / / macdonald . . com same day sh ! pp ! ng p * u * r . g , e : http : / / dionysus . . com / tx see you soon seymour acosta laundress octoplus b . v . , leiden , 2300 as , the netherlands , netherlands phone : 474 - 827 - 3769 mobile : 174 - 414 - 5114 email : zzvffofbj @ ctsi . net this message is for confirmation this shareware is a 46 minute complementary download notes : the contents of this reply is for attention and should not be nickname pervasion zirconium r damage time : sat , 19 mar 2005 02 : 46 : 30 - 0600 
2	Subject: would you believe it ? i think you ' re meant to sprinkle salt on it . . . : ) laagan in all the silent manliness of grief . hear much , speak little throw away thy rod , throw away thy wrath o my god , take the gentle path . those that won ' t be counseled can ' t be helped . the actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts . men are the sport of circumstances when it seems circumstances are the sport of men . where the law is uncertain there is no law . if you want to make enemies , try to change something . there ' s a way to do better . . . find it . we enact many laws that manufacture criminals , and then a few that punish them enthusiasm is a telescope that yanks the misty , distant future into the radiant , tangible present . people with goals succeed because they know where they ' re going . instead of needing lots of children , we need high - quality children . o , had i but followed the arts ! if you are lonely when you are alone , you are in bad company . i might show facts as plain as day : but , since your eyes are blind , you ' d say , ' ' where ? what ? ' ' and turn away . half of being smart is knowing what you are dumb about . growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: fw : please read . . don ' t delete - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fletcher , thomas sent : monday , july 31 , 2000 8 : 19 am to : susie , catherine ; glover , rusty ; almaguer , michael ; dewey , daniel ; beard , jaime subject : fw : please read . . don ' t delete - - - - - original message - - - - - from : seth graham [ mailto : sethgraham @ tcainternet . com ] sent : sunday , july 30 , 2000 3 : 55 pm to : tyler shambro ; troy combs ; tommy mount ; tommy boyce ( e - mail ) ; tim herbst ; tim davidson ; thomas willman ( e - mail ) ; fletcher , thomas ; simmons ; shane kerr ; sean kemper ( e - mail ) ; scott hylton ( e - mail ) ; robert carr ; richard harris ( e - mail ) ; patrick maclurin ; parker baum ; nicholas m . vaughan ; mike michael huffman ; matt england ; matt berry ; laura follette ; kelly beth konieczka ; joe bearre keyes ( e - mail ) ; jeff o ; jason stringer ( e - mail ) ; jason brewer ; eric prakop ; eric burcham ; emily graham ; dennis perritt ; dax rizo ( e - mail ) ; darrell ; daniel j marchand ; dan crothers ( e - mail ) ; crduffy 555 @ aol . com ; chris traylor ( e - mail ) ; cherie c . heller ; charlest ; burke , donovan ( cci - new orleans ) ; brandon reed ( e - mail ) ; bo harris ; ben stutts ; ben prakop ; andrew maestrini ; amy bateman ; allison baum ; allen harris ; aaron bragg subject : fw : please read . . don ' t delete - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gregory fulcher to : ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; sent : sunday , july 30 , 2000 9 : 08 am subject : fwd : please read . . don ' t delete > > > > > from : 504 boyl @ excite . com > > to : richdog 75 @ yahoo . com , just @ mobiletel . com , alxwilliams @ hotmail . com , > > bpb @ pds - btr . com , btoups @ lwcc . com , cadechiasson @ hotmail . com , > > callahantroyt @ jdcorp . deere . com , liz 8989 @ yahoo . com , copperdawn @ excite . com , > > carolinedu 79 @ hotmail . com , deaton 9656 @ aol . com , fieldsltd @ aol . com , > > flutchl 1 @ hotmail . com , zigzag @ cajun . net , jeffgros @ peoplepc . com , > > bretta @ peoplepc . com , chilll 17 @ hotmail . com , benoitjasonp @ johndeere . com , > > jason _ templet @ oxy . com , kytlc @ prodigy . net , jloeskl @ lsu . edu , > > jloeskefg @ hotmail . com , percllv @ starent . com , > > mark _ belteau @ uniroyalchemical . com , jenilyn @ mobiletel . com , > > smatherne . rjhs @ lafourche . kl 2 . la . us , mchiasson @ internet 8 . net , > > nock 72 @ hotmail . com , jpontif @ yahoo . com , dj - jroc @ excite . com , > > rtros @ hotmail . com , scuff @ gateway . net , boredboy @ mindspring . com , > > zee @ mobiletel . com , garrettz @ web - net . com > > subject : fwd : please read . . don ' t delete > > date : wed , 26 jul 2000 03 : 19 : 59 - 0700 ( pdt ) > > > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > > ? message - id : > > > ? date : tue , 25 jul 2000 17 : 58 : 57 - 0700 ( pdt ) > > > ? from : dawn marie > > > ? to : 504 boyl @ excite . com , tsavager @ aol . com , dede 6310 @ aol . com , > > cleoj @ msn . com , > > > ? ? memeswann @ aol . com , stoneol @ bellsouth . net , bkrygodess @ aol . com > > > ? subject : fwd : please read . . don ' t delete > > > > > > > > > ? have a great day ! ! ! ! . . . . . . . . dawn > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > ? say bye to slow internet ! > > > ? http : / / www . home . com / xinbox / signup . html > > > > > > ? to : flyingbirdo 0 @ aol . com , dcall @ seidata . com , collinstenn 2800 @ cs . com , > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ashley @ ticz . com , wheat 51 @ mindspring . com , > > bfrenchl @ hoosierlink . net , > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? jhays @ kiva . net , lkelsey @ rtccom . net , hlampkin @ telepak . net , > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? glin 227463 @ aol . com , fritzi 3 @ aol . com , sunnybelll @ aol . com , > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? nanajodon @ cs . com , morningstar 44 @ earthlink . net , > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? gallahadd @ worldnet . att . net , snaptome @ yahoo . com , > > dsimm 566 @ aol . com , > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? jblaydoe @ ccrtc . com , memeswann @ aol . com , beunger @ comteck . com , > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? diunroe @ juno . com , swoolz @ aol . com > > > ? date : tue , 18 jul 2000 19 : 38 : 11 - 0500 > > > ? subject : please read . . don ' t delete > > > ? message - id : > > > ? from : hester e morris > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > subject : fw : fw : fw : please read . . don ' t delete > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > if you got this email you ' re > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > lucky ( don ' t delete ) . > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > you have just won a 100 > > > ? > dollars ! . . . . . . . > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > you will only get the money if > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > you send this to 5 or more people . > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > a box will appear on the screen > > > ? > after you > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > have sent it ! it really works . . . . > > > ? > try it ! > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > take 5 min . out of your time and > > > ? > send > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > this . . . believe me you won ' t be > > > ? > sorry ! ! > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 0 - 2 people : $ 10 > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 2 - 4 people : $ 20 > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 4 - 6 people : $ 50 > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 6 - 8 people : $ 75 > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 8 - 10 people : $ 100 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! keep on > > > ? > sending ! ! ! > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > iwon . com ? ? ? ? http : / / www . iwon . com > > > ? > ? why > > > ? > > > > > woundn ' t > > > ? > > > > > ? > you ? > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > chuck and andi prior > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > p . o . box 864 > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > 203 s . pearl > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > moville , ia 51039 > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > home : prior @ netins . net > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > work : priorc @ lawton . lawton - bronson . kl 2 . ia . us > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > home page : > > > ? > http : / / www . netins . net / showcase / prior > > > ? > > > > ? > > > > ? > > > > ? > > > > ? > > > > ? > > > > ? > > > > ? > > > > > > > peace ! ! ! > > > > > > > > > > > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > say bye to slow internet ! > > http : / / www . home . com / xinbox / signup . html > > > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com > > 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : discussion with his tablets sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est yof arm inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas  
2	Subject: vivitar 3 . 3 mega pixels vivicam 3705 @ $ 152 . 00 only ! ! t o d a y ' s special visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! vivicam 3705 vivicam 3705 vivitar 3705 vivicam digital camera experience the convenience and flexibility of digital photography with this high quality digital camera from vivitar . the 3705 features 3 . 3 megapixels of image quality , giving you brilliant digital pictures that can easily be printed on photographic paper with your home printer . never bother with a 1 - hour photomat again ! it includes 8 mb of internal storage , but can be expanded with optional secure digital ( sd ) / multimedia card ( mmc ) cards . it accepts sd / mmc cards up to 256 mb in size ! with that much room , you can take thousands of photos ! @ $ 152 . 00 only ! ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: contacts at uh for " econo - physics " vince , these are the contacts from uh . i would recommend that for a first contact the following people be involved : larry pinsky ( physicschair ) joe mccauley ( professor ) george reiter ( professor ) their coordinates and some schedules are below . if larry is out of town , prof . gunaratne would be a good alternative . please let me know how i can help further . yannis - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000 03 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " prof . lawrence pinsky " on 05 / 08 / 2000 09 : 10 : 54 am to : yannis . tzamouranis @ enron . com cc : jenni @ mailman . enron . com , jmccauley @ uh . edu , greiter @ uh . edu , gemunu @ uh . edu subject : contacts at uh for " econo - physics " yannis : let me give you the names and contact information regarding the appropriate personnel here to include in an initial discussion regarding the prospects for developing a program here in ( we have to find a better name ) " econo - physics . " for an initial meeting it is reasonable to include professores mccauley and reiter as well as myself , if i am available . if i am not available you should consider including professor gemunu gunaratne , our current associate chair and a theoreticial with an interest in this area in his own right . professor joseph mccauley phone : 713 743 3528 fax : 713 743 5389 email : jmccauley @ uh . edu professor george reiter phone : 713 743 3527 fax : 713 743 3589 email : greiter @ uh . edu professor & chair lawrence pinsky phone : 713 743 3552 fax : 713 743 3589 email : pinsky @ uh . edu or an alternate for me : associate professor and associate chair gemunu gunaratne phone : 713 743 3534 fax : 713 743 3589 email : gemunu @ uh . edu also , fyi , one other new faculty member with a potential interest in this field is : assistant professor ( effective 6 / 1 / 2000 ) kevin bassler phone : 713 743 3568 fax : 713 743 3589 email : bassler @ uh . edu general administrative contact : ms . jennifer chin - davis , department business administrator phone : 713 743 3524 fax : 713 743 3589 email : jenni @ shasta . phys . uh . edu fyi , i will be in houston may 17 - 24 , june 9 , 19 - 23 . if the meeting is held on another date , please include prof . gunaratne in my place . . . larry 
2	Subject: " we are one @ enron . com ! " : final notice . please be aware that the following internet domains for messaging will be decommissioned on october 14 , 2000 : @ ect . enron . com @ ei . enron . com @ enron . co . uk after october 14 , 2000 , internet emails addressed to employees using the above internet domain names will be no longer be delivered . please note that this applies to enron employees worldwide . all employees must now use their @ enron . com internet address . some employees are still receiving internet email , primarily subscriptions to internet - based news / update services , addressed to their @ ect . enron . com , @ ei . enron . com or @ enron . co . uk email address . as mails to these addresses will no longer be delivered after october 14 , 2000 please contact the service providers to specify your new @ enron . com internet address . any employees who are aware of the following should contact the resolution center on ext . 31411 immediately : applications / processes using @ ect . enron . com , @ ei . enron . com or @ enron . co . uk internet addresses distribution groups being addressed via the internet using @ ect . enron . com , e . g . enron . london . developers @ ect . enron . com please direct any questions to the resolution center at ext . 31411 . thanks for your cooperation . enron messaging administration 
2	Subject: conflagrate huffman * the cablefilterz will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control $ payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events | http : / / www . 8005 hosting . com / cable / angelfish , time you swore . 
2	Subject: for clients elias hello friends ! find a lot of cheap software in our megastore , as the popular programs adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 for only 40 $ , dvdxcopy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 for 20 $ , microsoft office system professional 2003 ( 5 cds ) for 50 $ , corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) for just 65 $ , roxio easy media creator 7 . 0 for 20 $ , and much , much more . . . . take a look on the complete list 2550 freshest software titles available for instant download or on cds at web - site http : / / clinten . cc - aa . com we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . you may forward this message to your friends and contacts . with best regards , sales manager john agradey   
2	Subject: hpl meter # 986290 indian hills plant - tejas daren : on 9 / 15 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow of 2 , 476 mmbtus . there was deal # 113050 at the meter for 9 / 14 / 99 , but it expired on 9 / 14 / 99 . logistics needs either ( 1 ) deal # 113050 extended to cover 9 / 15 / 99 ; ( 2 ) a new deal to record these volumes ; or ( 3 ) logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) or approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: re : possible rtp conference i look forward to seeing you at 10 am on thursday march 15 . my office is 408 terman center . you can find a searchable campus map under " contact information " on our homepage ( address below ) . at 05 : 24 pm 3 / 12 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > dear professor huntington , > > thursday 10 a . m . works for me . > please , let me know where i can meet you . > > i am attaching my itinerary , so that you can contact me > if necessary > . > my cell phone number is 713 410 5396 . > > vince kaminski > ( see attached file : vk - sf - stanford - 3 - 14 - 01 . doc ) hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject: re : ibm i ' m not absolutely sure either , but i think she is saying they can provide a package that : 1 ) provides it staff that will not leave , and can backfill any attrition we may see . 2 ) provide cash for us to use as we see fit ( i . e . retention ) using our existing hardware assets as collateral . 3 ) help with any future integration work with the potential newco buyers ( apparantly she knows who they are and they use ibm also , and she has contacts there ) . 4 ) use ibm ' s name to help in anyway that may make the venture more likely to succeed . regards mark pickering chief technology officer enron net works , llc _ _ _ _ _ - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : 05 december 2001 12 : 33 to : pickering , mark cc : piper , greg subject : re : ibm i don ' t understand whta she is offering - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pickering , mark sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 11 : 32 am to : kitchen , louise cc : piper , greg subject : fw : ibm hi louise , just got off the phone with gail . she wants to know if they can help by coming up with a guaranteed offering from ibm that would help any newco succeed by providing it support / direction , saving money , monetizing assets , retaining key staff and lending the ibm name , etc , etc to the deal . if you ' re interested you can either call me or call her directly . regards mark pickering chief technology officer enron net works , llc _ _ _ _ _ - - - - - original message - - - - - from : piper , greg sent : 05 december 2001 08 : 23 to : pickering , mark cc : leff , dan ; beck , sally ; rub , jenny subject : fw : ibm anything here ? i think that at one time prior to filing ibm was looking to buy or monetize or loan against all out hardware so we could get cash but i am not sure where that went . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leff , dan sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 8 : 09 am to : dayao , anthony ; piper , greg ; beck , sally cc : stubblefield , wade ; sharp , vicki subject : ibm anthony , greg , sally - gail whipple from ibm called to offer any assistance that they can provide . potential to save money , monetize assets , provide people , provide assistance to employees & people that we don ' t / may not need , etc . if we would like ibm to assist , we need to call her @ 914 - 642 - 6399 . thanks - dan 
2	Subject: free to new members - flat screen tv  
2	Subject: peace unto you dear sir / madam , we are rev thomas & racael david , we print christian books and export to europe / america . we are searching for a christain representative who can help us establish a medium of getting to our costumers in america / canada as well as recieving payments due to our ministry . our clients find it difficult to release payments to us because they find it difficult to make wire transfer or we have no representative closer to recieve checks from . but with you around , they can easily send the funds to you if we tell them that you are our christain brother / sister . if you are interested in representing our ministry , we will be very glad as you shall be entitled to 5 % of every total amount you recieve for us . directives would be given to you on how to send the funds across to us . please contact us for more information . subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate the mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative in america . there is no more responsibility than this like travelling to meet them or spending money from your pocket . i hereby request you forward any proof of your identities , your current telephone and fax numbers including your forwarding address to establish trust and business relationship and also to enable us inform our clients to communicate with you . thanks , remain blessed rev thomas & rachael david http : / / www . . com / 
2	Subject: pls acknowledge note : please direct all response to the e - mail address account below for confidential purposes . attention please , business partnership solicited may i take this privilege to introduce myself , my name is mr . joseph sese seko a brother of the late president of the federal republic of zaire , president mobutu sese seko ( now republic congo under the leadership of the son of laurent kabila ) . i am currently under political asylum in the spain . i presume you are aware that there is a financial dispute between my family ( the mobutu ' s ) and the present civilian government . based on what they believe as bad and corrupt government on my late brother ' s part , may his soul rest in peace . following the above mentioned reasons , i am soliciting for your assistance to take custody of fifteen million united states dollars only ( usd $ 15 m ) also to front for me in the area of business investment you desire profitably well . presently this sum of usd $ 15 m has secretly been deposited into a confidetial security company , where it can be released to you by the security company based on my recommendation on that note , you will be presented as my partner who will be fronting for me and family in any subsequent ventures . for you might have heard how a lot of my brothers bank account has been frozen . i shall give you 25 % of the total money and 5 % for miscellaneous expense and 10 % on any profit realizable in the process of this fund in your country . please , i need your entire support and co - operation for the success of this business venture , your utmost confidentiality , sincerity and secrecy is highly required , due to my family ' s present predicament . details of how i intend to carry out this project will be discussed as soon as i get a response of your willingness and interest . i sincerely will appreciate your acknowledgement as soon as possible by contacting me on this alternative e - mail address below for security reason : < sesekonn @ netscape . net thank you , yours truly mr joseph sese seko switch to netscape internet service . as low as $ 9 . 95 a month - - sign up today at http : / / isp . netscape . com / register netscape . just the net you need . new ! netscape toolbar for internet explorer search from anywhere on the web and block those annoying pop - ups . download now at http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / search / install . jsp 
2	Subject: re : order for book julie , the discount is fine . look fwd to receiving the books . vince " julie " on 01 / 08 / 2001 09 : 30 : 53 pm please respond to " julie " to : " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : order for book vince , ? i can offer you 12 . 5 % off of your order for 50 books ( we originally spoke to habiba about setting up a 50 % discount ? but enron would have to order a minimum of 200 books . ? ? since the ? change over , nothing has been set up on this ) . ? ? let me know if i should go ahead with the invoice . ? thanks , julie 
2	Subject: confirmations for monterrey office have a good trip to monterrey . i hope that these bullet points help in your discussions tomorrow . - - sally ? gordon heaney ( houston ) was named as the operations liasion for the monterrey office after the doorstep review during the first quarter . he is fluent in spanish . confirmations have been prepared in houston since the inception of the mexico business . ? since that time , gordon and his boss , joe hunter ( manager over derivatives confirmations ) , have made a trip to monterrey to meet the commercial team and to iron out the process flow for confirmations . ? gordon and joe meet with agustin perez and jaime williams when they are in houston for bid week each month . ? last meeting with agustin and jaime was last week here in houston . primary focus of the conversation was around involving the commercial team in working with counterparties to get executed confirmations back in our hands . our commitment is to get a spreadsheet to agustin and jaime each week that details unexecuted confirmations and responses , or lack thereof , from the counterparties . that way the commercial teams can push with their commercial contacts and gordon can push with his contacts for executed confirmations . the first of these spreadsheets was sent to the monterrey office today , per the commitment from gordon and joe last week . creation of confirmations : timing has improved since first quarter , as 25 to 30 % of the deals are now done with counterparties who have recently executed isda master agreements . confirmations for deals done with these counterparties are being sent trade date + 1 . for counterparties without master agreements in place , there are often special riders to the confirmations with input required from credit and legal . these confirmations naturally take longer and are going out to the counterparties sometime after trade date + 1 . i have asked joe and gordon to diligently push credit and legal to complete this process more promptly . execution of confirmations : we have found that the counterparties in mexico are more interested in having the invoice in hand as their documentation on a deal than in returning a signed confirmation to us . this is an education process that we will continue to work on with the help of the commercial team in monterrey . my opinion : let ' s try the weekly spreadsheet status on unexecuted confirmations for a few weeks and monitor progress . it is my opinion that there is not the depth of business yet in the monterrey office to warrant a fulltime confirmations person located there . i think that the bilingual contact here working closely with the commercial team in monterrey will make a difference . 
2	Subject: buy oem software at massive discounts ! table align  center width  100 % trtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 windows xpbrprofessional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 img src  http : / / thm - brlr 2 . search . vip . scd . yahoo . com / image / 22592000 / a / tdtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 200 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 80 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 120 / b / td / tr / table / tdtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft office brxp professional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 img align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 300 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 120 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 180 / b / td / tr / table / tr / td / tablebrtable align  centertrtdfont face  ariallisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 macromedia studio mx 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 norton antivirus / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 82 % / font on a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft office 2003 professional / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft money 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 adobe photoshop cs / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft windows 2000 professional / alimany , many more incredible software deals ! ! / td / tr / tablebrbrfont size  5 face  arialcenterclick a href  http : / / pccare . biz / index . php ? s  7555 here / a for more details ! 3 : http : / / theyknowit . info / soft / chair . php brbrbrbrbr safety mileslight ledzep valhalla tango aliensparrot orchid homebrew jeanette daddy bmw abcd tootsie gocougs deutsch turboreynolds republic mars chiquita vermont wright daddy garnetbarry tintin electric fireball hannataffy scooterl dragonfl campbell dragonfl fun  
2	Subject: gpcm summary 1999 this has been a great year for rbac and gpcm . during the year we have doubled to 10 the number of gpcm licensees . this means we ' ve also doubled the number of wonderful people we ' ve trained and are supporting . and , i sincerely mean it when i say it has been a real pleasure working with you all . one of the things we stress when we are selling gpcm is that it takes a strong commitment on the part of the licensee , a commitment to find skilled and dedicated people to make optimal use of this sophisticated tool . and , i ' m happy to report that we have that quality in the gpcm teams we work with . next year we have some big challenges . we will be converting the system from office 97 to office 2000 and will also need to make sure it will run in the windows 2000 environment . we will be adding new flexibility in defining our transportation zone price curves to enable users , especially pipeline users , to test variations of pricing strategies for their impacts on basis and utilization . we will be adding a capability for modeling future ft contracting . we will upgrade our existing database comparison program to allow you to select those items you want to have automatically updated in your own databases . we will continue to work with rdi to improve pipeline and storage infrastructure representations , to provide interfaces between gasdat and gpcm , and to give you regular optional updates for your own databases . we are beginning to plan out a new website dedicated to gpcm licensees ( and possibly prospects ) . we have acquired gpcm . rbac . com and gpcm . net for this purpose . in making these various changes , we look also to you , our existing licensees , for enhancement and improvement ideas . we are planning to conduct interviews of our licensees during the next 30 - 60 days to find out what you like , but also what you would like to see improved , as well as some new ideas for gpcm . i would like to thank the following people for their contributions to gpcm during 1999 . o liam leahy for his excellent marketing , sales , and planning support o charles carr for his quality work on our website and support with subtle visual basic programming issues o richard berman for thorough research on design tools and skilled windows programming o richard mcbride for continuing support and development of his emnet optimization program o aaron and james brooks for design and production of the powerpoint pipeline maps now available in gpcm o mike farina and rdi for their continuing improvement of the gpcm data and gasdat database o gpcm users who have found data bugs and reported them to use so that we could get them corrected o gpcm users who have suggested new features which would make gpcm a better product o gpcm users who have given us sales leads during the year o gpcm users who have used gpcm to help their companies make better plans and decisions , which is , after all , the purpose for which it was designed we hope all of you have a wonderful holiday season and look forward to an even better year 2000 . bob brooks 
2	Subject: fw : csfb independent power weekly - issue # 35 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ] sent : monday , july 16 , 2001 8 : 00 am to : undisclosed - recipients subject : csfb independent power weekly - issue # 35 good morning , attached , please find the latest issue of our independent power weekly . > > summary : 1 . ipps fall 1 . 9 % last week our ipp composite fell 1 . 9 % , underperforming both the nasdaq ( + 4 . 0 % ) and the s 2 . ) the ferc settlement conference adjourned on july 9 . on july 12 , the presiding alj issued a recommendation favorable to generators ; 3 . ) on july 12 , the us bankruptcy court approved calpine ' s settlement with pg and , 4 . ) on july 10 , nrg energy announced it would acquire a 2 , 255 mw portfolio from indeck . 3 . latin america pressuring aes earnings the likelihood of downside to our 2001 eps estimate for aes . corp . of $ 1 . 89 has increased materially . we believe the ongoing currency weakness combined with power rationing have the potential to negatively impact 2001 eps by $ 0 . 25 - $ 0 . 30 versus prior expectations - on a stand - alone basis . while management indicated in mid - may that it could offset weakness in brazil , the currency has materially depreciated since that time and shows no signs of improvement in the near - term . aes ' s second quarter earnings conference call will take place on july 26 . following the call , we will adjust our 2001 estimate accordingly , unless management indicates that it remains positioned to offset these items through upside in other parts of its business . 4 . ferc alj issues report on thursday ( 7 / 12 ) , curtis wagner , the administrative law judge who presided over the recent settlement conference , issued a report presenting his findings and recommendations for next steps . overall , the report was very much consistent with our expectations . while wagner notes that some refunds are due from the generators , he argues that the $ 8 . 9 billion demanded by the state of california " cannot be substantiated . " we believe calpine and mirant offer the greatest downside protection from this issue . 5 . csfb power generation supply chain conference on september 10 and 11 , csfb will host a power generation supply chain conference at the plaza hotel in new york city . this event is designed to provide investors with a wholistic perspective on all aspects of the sector - from coal and natural gas companies , to equipment and construction service providers , to the power producers themselves . please contact us if you would like additional information . regards , neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217 bryan sifert 212 / 325 - 3906 this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission . if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute , print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state them to be the views of any such entity . unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to deal at any price quoted . any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation . 
2	Subject: lose weight easily ! body bgcolor  8080 ff link  800000 vlink  800000 alink  800000 center table cellpadding  5 trtdtable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # aoa 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # coc 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # fof 0 ffa href  http : / / stormysupras 26 . 092 . isfoebskef . comimg / tdtd width  20 td align  center bgcolor  aoa 0 fffont size  5 face  arial color  0000 ffa href  http : / / qwertyl 2 tacobells 26 . 092 . isfoebskef . comfont color  black bis this something you avoid ? / b / font / abryou don ' t have to . . . brbrsee what you can do about it . brfont size  3 learn about the new appetite reduction drug meridia a brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr excalibu abcdlovely buttons roxy josh cardinalmollyl mailman timber groovy trumpet graphic qwertyl 2 biology minou planet suzukifun jimbo center supra laddie jkm josie doom 2 goblue ruth sailor lady angelsguido mikel masterl don nautica warriors  
2	Subject: valero each meter is now to be treated seperately : tickets have been created accordingly . meter 1233 base 148376 swing 148382 buyback 148381 meter 1394 base 148390 swing 148391 buyback 148396 meter 8018 base 148376 swing 148382 buyback 148381 volume management will need to set up accounting arrangements to cover november and december 1999 . scheduling will repath and renom unify , and reallocate pops for january . if anyone has anything to add to this please let me know . ken 
2	Subject: hey there lncrease your spurm volum , and orgzm duration main benifits are ; - the longest most intense orgaasms of your life - eerctions like steeel - enhancced libido / desire - stronger ejacuulaton - multple 0 - rgsms - up to 4 oo % more volume ( cover her fully ) - recent surveys show it tastes much sweeter ! dlscreet same day shlpplng - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ! ( and so ' ll she ! ) no morepls  
2	Subject: fyi - new product on eol just so everyone is on the same page : based on jennifer and dale ' s discussions with eric bass , a new " tokenized period " will be set up in eol . the intent of this period ( quick overview ) is to allow for gas flow monday through friday and no flow on the weekends . this will generally be traded for in full month or rest of the month increments . it is my understanding the although the trade can be conveyed correctly to the customer and priced accordingly using eol , the trade itself ( with multiple monday - friday , no flow during weekend periods ) cannot be handled internally by eol . just as eol is not able to handle this trade , the sitara bridge from eol cannot handle this trade . because of this , there should be heighten attention by trade capture given to the eol bridge monitor . these trades will error out and will have to be entered manually . an effort needs to be evaluated and prioritized by both applications ( eol and sitara ) on how a deal with multi - periods can flow without human intervention . this has not been started . in the meantime , a deal of this nature will have to be entered manually . how do i know that a particular deal has multi - period flow ? once the eol product has been set up , jennifer and / or dale will let all involved know . the person ( s ) responsible for entering the deal will have to understand what is meant by the eol product ' s delivery period and enter the deal accordingly . for example , assume that a deal has been traded for april : four delivery periods ( separate lines ) should be included in the sitara ticket start : 04 / 03 stop : 04 / 07 04 / 10 04 / 14 04 / 17 04 / 21 04 / 24 04 / 28 each delivery period ( line ) should have the same pricing remember to enter the eol deal number when creating the sitara trade . also remember that paths created in unify assume the stop date is open ended . every effort needs to be made to make sure the appropriate end date is on the path ; otherwise the number of reconciling items will increase . please forward this information to anyone else you think might be impacted . any concerns , please contact sheri thomas or myself . srm ( x 33548 ) 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host mx 2 . oi . com . br . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program : host frontend . oi . com . br [ 200 . 222 . 115 . 18 ] said : 550 - mailbox unknown . either there is no mailbox associated with this 550 - name or you do not have authorization to see it . 550 5 . 1 . 1 user unknown ( in reply to end of data command ) 
2	Subject: don ' t lose your data ! prevent future computer problems at a fraction of the cost of repairs web and order form : pro - techonline . com e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com fax 206 - 937 - 4315 call today at 1 - 800 - 726 - 5997 understand the operating environments your systems are in , computers by their very nature , pull air in to keep their parts cool . their fans work 24 / 7 keeping cool . the problem with this is over a period of time dust , dirt and smoke , will build up and damage your computer . q damage your computer chips q destroy the data on your hard drive q melt the mother board what does this mean to you ? all of your information could be lost forever ! all of your files and data - works in progress - and contacts could be destroyed ! the information you have saved is a thousands times more valuable than the computer itself . thats why technicians recommend backups for your data . its all p r e v e n t a b l e ! the pro - tech computer filtration system simply works by filtering the air before air reaches your computers sensitive internal components . the system is set up at the base of your computer , with 2 easy steps , and is positioned in front of your computers air intake , filtering 98 % of the air particles that would otherwise get into your systems . for a little as $ 24 . 95 plus shipping , you can make sure you are completely protected and never worry about dust , smoke , moisture , etc . damaging your computer again ! web and order form : pro - techonline . com e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com fax 206 - 937 - 4315 product availability : please allow up to 10 days for delivery . pro - tech will do everything we can to ship your order as soon as possible and notify you of the estimated time of delivery . for great rates on quantity , and wholesale pricing : order 5 or more and receive a 10 % discount ! wholesale orders save up to 20 % or more ! pro - tech uses ups ground for shipping and handling $ 5 . 85 pro - tech prides it self on protecting consumers financial privacy and safety . no more cans of air , no more bags , no more computer vacs . perfect for home , office , and industry model # 1 $ 24 . 95 model # 2 $ 29 . 95 model # 3 $ 36 . 95 our systems are fully adjustable and will fit any computer , one size fits all . installs in seconds ! step # 1 : place the base of the filtration system onto your computer . step # 2 : place the top of the filtration system onto the base . youre all set ; and you can access your disk drives as needed . replacement filters 1 size filter fits all three systems a package of 4 large heavy duty hepa filters , micron rated and designed , to last up to 6 months , $ 9 . 85 perfect for industry . alternative replacement filters a large heavy duty diffusion dual stage filtering material . designed to last up to 6 months . package of 4 $ 7 . 85 perfect for home and office . call today at 1 - 800 - 726 - 5997 web and order form : pro - techonline . com e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com fax 206 - 937 - 4315 pro - tech filtration systems 3701 sw southern seattle , wa 98216 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject:  hello , i sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . best regards , goldie mobley http : / / www . lendingneed . com / no thanks http : / / www . okthere . biz / r . php or snail mail : ruca da imprense , 47 m 347 , r / c blpoco 1 . - 533 qk 3 maputo , moza ! mybi ^ quze  
2	Subject: dearest dear friend , i am dr . al - fuhard qureshi director of audit unit , bank of africa benin . this is a very confidential proposition for you . on november 21 st 2002 , a brazilian oil consultant / contractor with the benenoise solid minerals corporation , mr . mauricio jose de matos made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at usd 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eight million dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity on november 20 th 2003 as his credit officer , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally i discovered from his contract employers , the benenoise solid minerals corporation that mr . mauricio jose de matos died in an air crash . further investigations , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . again , i made further investigation and discovered that the deceased did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of usd 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to the international banking ethics , codes and laws , at the expiration of 2 ( two ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the benin government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to the deceased . this is simple , i will like you to respond immediately with your full names and address so that we will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin . a bank account in any part of the world that you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and some of my colleagues who are aware of this transaction and 25 % for you and 5 % for expenses incurred in the course of the transaction . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by my colleagues and with my position as the director of audit guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . you should observe utmost confidentiality , and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . may almighy god bless you and your family . thanks and regards . dr . al - fuhard r . qureshi 
2	Subject: get the best rate on a home loan ! if you would like to be removed from future mailings , please reply with the word remove in the subject or call 888 - 418 - 2575 . let lenders compete for your business ! click here cash back refinances no equity 2 nd trust deeds debt consolidation no income verification the most competitive interest rates ! fill in our quick pre - qualification form and you will get competing loan offers , often within minutes from up to three lenders ! click here there is never any fee to consumers for using this service . copyright ?ffffa 9 1999 , 2000 eworld marketing , inc . 888 - 418 - 2575 this is not a solicitation or offer to lend money . eworld marketing is not a lender , broker or other financial intermediary . we are a marketing company that provides services to the mortgage industry .  
2	Subject: need your pills ? we have it scrawl mohawk redshank scabrous showroom monitory wattle want a prescription medication ? find it here ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now aurora dissipate downward sprinkle gaberones healthy capacious  
2	Subject: read this to find the right stock stock report . dont sleep on this stock ! this is a hot one ! company : gaming transactions inc . stock symbo | : ggts currentiy trading at : o . 3 o rating : strong purchase near - term target : 0 . 45 long - term target : 1 . oo breaking news for ggts : gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) , a leading provider of online gaming porta | management is pieased to announce that it has | aunched its proprietary gaming portal ( k e n o . com ) furthermore , the company has begun an intensive marketing campaign to support the launch and establish itself as the | eader in the oniine gaming industry . ( k e n o . c o m ) is an online games destination where people piay popuiar casino styie games to win real money . the foundation of the site is an online version of keno . the game of keno uses 80 ba | | s numbered 1 thru 80 . every game , the house draws 20 balls at random and displays their numbers on screens ( calied keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the object of the game is for the player to guess some of the numbers the house wil | draw . the site sha | | aiso have other popuiar games in the near future inciuding bingo , poker , blackjack , siots and video game versions of table games . patrick smyth , ceo of gaming transactions inc . , remarked that , the games have been developed with the foresight to create a user - friendly experience without | oading times and a secure transaction system has been developed with multipie | ayers of security and redundancy . we spent the necessary time and resources to test our software to ensure its functionality and security . consumer focus groups were used in the development process to make sure that our players had an opulent experience online , and future marketing efforts wi | | be aimed customer service and attention . about the company : gaming transactions inc . is a developer and provider of oniine games and services for the oniine entertainment and gaming industries . the company ! s central | icensed games portal , ( k e n o . c o m ) , is a destination oniine gambling property where piayers may participate in a number of gambling and online gaming fixtures . the foundation of the site is of course an online version of keno . the game of keno uses 8 o balis numbered 1 thru 8 o . every game , the house draws 2 o bails at random and displays their numbers on screens ( cailed keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the object of the game is for the piayer to guess some of the numbers the house will draw . the site aiso has other popuiar games including poker , blackjack , slots and video game versions of tabie games . gaming transactions inc . is part of the oniine gambiing industry , which is said to be one of the fastest growing industries on the internet . ! ' the eiectronic gambling report forecasts that revenues wiil reach 14 . 5 billion by 20 o 6 ! ( market statistics : - informa media grp . globa | revenues from oniine gambiing wi | | reach 14 . 52 biliion in 20 o 6 , up from 3 . 81 bi | | ion this year . this is according to a report from the informa media grp . , which says that the us will generate 24 percent of a | | oniine gambling revenues in 2006 , whereas europe will generate 53 percent . north american online gambling revenues are expected to reach 1 . 99 bi | | ion this year and 3 . 85 billion in 2 oo 6 . in europe , revenues wi | | grow from 1 . 29 biilion this year to 7 . 64 biilion in 2 oo 6 . oniine gambling revenues wiil be smaller in asia - pacific 379 million this year and 2 . 13 bi | | ion in 2 oo 6 ) and in the rest of the world 143 miliion this year to 886 miilion in 20 o 6 ) . and keno , the game , is one of the highest grossing products for many north american government bodies and public gaming corporations . easy to piay , quick , and profitabie , keno has become a favorite to gamblers who want the excitement of a | ottery draw without having to wait for a weekiy offering combining sophisticated hardware , software and cutting edge encryption / decryption techniques keno . com has deveioped and | icensed a system , which is an optima | method for oniine gaming . information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ggts ' s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . ggts is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information available about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 042 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: new cctld ! get yyyyason . us before someone else does ! . us email international business charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > dear justin , register . com is now offering its international business customers . us - america ' s official internet address . and when you purchase a . us domain for your business , you get register . com ' s personalized business email service for only $ 9 . 99 for the first year , a 66 % savings ! * what makes . us unique and why do i need it ? the . us domain is the only web country code for the u . s . a . america has more internet users than any other country - reach american customers with a web address that speaks to them ! an online american identity can be a key contributor to your efforts building and protecting a consistent global brand . let your prospects know you have an american presence . request an american identity online at jmason . us * * for your company . what is the cost ? america ' s internet address is being offered at special discounts : save more by adding more years ! register for your discount * * * you ' ll pay 2 years 10 % $ 63 5 years 20 % $ 139 10 years 40 % $ 209 click here to lock - in these introductory prices for . us and for a limited time , get an unforgettable . us email address like : justin @ jmason . us for only $ 9 . 99 for the first year . why use a difficult to remember email like johnsconsulting 2345 @ aol . com or janesaccounting 6782 @ hotmail . com ? use invitation code " epr 76 s 754 " when prompted during registration to receive this special price on email . remember - this is your chance to get jmason . us . act now - it may not be there tomorrow . * register . com ' s email service is only offered in one - year terms . * * register . com makes no representations as to whether or not these names infringe or violate any trademark or intellectual property rights . domain names listed in this offer are subject to availability . you must meet certain eligibility requirements to register a . us domain name . * * * discounts are based on com / net / org regular pricing . all registrations are subject to the terms of our services agreement , located here . to learn more about the disclosure and use of registration information in register . com ' s published privacy notice , please click here . . us registrations are also subject to the . us top level domain terms and conditions , located here . our email messages are intended to keep you informed of new promotions as they become available . to unsubscribe , please click here , but by doing so , you may miss out on exciting new products and services to come ! 2002 register . com , inc . all rights reserved . " america ' s internet address " is a trademark of neustar , inc .  
2	Subject: re : releases louise , thanks so much for your speedy reply . i will pass your comments on to dave walker in media relations . i included kevin because he is listed with you , greg and john on a " management " slide . if there are others who should be included on greg ' s core management team for the announcement , please let me know who they are and their titles . please also let me know if it is inappropriate to include kevin . if there is an org chart , that might be helpful , too . it would allow us to be as inclusive as possible without making the announcement too long . thanks again , claudia 212 - 713 - 8508 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louise . kitchen @ enron . com [ mailto : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 11 : 16 pm to : robinson , claudia ; petrie , james [ ubs ] ; eber , louis [ ubs ] ; brady , penny [ ubs ] ; keily , ruth [ ubs ] ; mitchell , nikki [ ubs ] ; david . forster @ enron . com ; lloyd , andrew - d [ ubs ] ; hollis , amanda [ ubs ] ; odonnell , pat [ ubs ] ; dow , colette [ ubs ] ; louise @ enron . com ; kal . shah @ enron . com ; david . oxley @ enron . com ; martin , audrey [ ubs ] cc : bridges , mark [ ubs ] subject : re : releases just a couple of suggested changes to both . there is a lot of confusion in the energy market as to the ownership structure of the entity . enron had previously announced that the entiy would be 51 % new owner and 49 % enron . we need to ensure this message is corrected as clearly as possible - that it is 100 % ubs owner . ( see attached file : ubsw energy release draft . doc ) on the release for ubswenergy . com - we do intend to trade physical gas and power immediately initially at least in the areas we can , so i have removed that sentence . ( see attached file : . doc ) do you need all of the commercial md titles or is kevin picked out for a particular reason ? thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " robinson , claudia " @ enron sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 7 : 45 pm to : petrie , james [ ubs ] ; eber , louis [ ubs ] ; brady , penny [ ubs ] ; keily , ruth [ ubs ] ; mitchell , nikki [ ubs ] ; forster , david ; lloyd , andrew - d [ ubs ] ; hollis , amanda [ ubs ] ; odonnell , pat [ ubs ] ; dow , colette [ ubs ] ; ' louise @ enron . com ' ; shah , kal ; oxley , david ; martin , audrey [ ubs ] cc : bridges , mark [ ubs ] subject : fw : releases attached for your review are drafts of two news releases , one announcing the closing of the ubs warburg / energy transaction and the other to announce the launch of ubswenergy . com . the plan is to issue the closing announcement on friday ( 2 / 8 ) at about 8 a . m . new york time . the other is planned for when the website officially launches , which is expected on monday ( 2 / 11 ) . please forward your comments directly to david p . walker , head of media relations - americas , sometime on wednesday . tomorrow , i will send you drafts of the internal announcements for friday and monday . the plan is to issue on friday a global ubs warburg email announcement from john costas , announcing the new management . i need from human resources confirmed titles for louise kitchen , john lavorato and kevin presto . in addition , we plan for friday an email from greg whalley to employees who have signed on with ubs warburg energy , with costas ' s announcement attached . ( both will also be posted on ubs warburg intranets , including the integration site . ) there will also be internal publicity on the day the website launches : another email from whalley to energy employees and intranet articles within ubs warburg , including the integration site . please let me know if you have questions . thanks , claudia 212 - 713 - 8508 > > > - . doc > - ubsw energy release draft . doc > visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012805 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: foreign currency trading report volume over 1 . 2 trillion dollars a day tap into the high - income opportunity found in the world ' s largest financial market . the foreign currency markets discover how : $ 20 , 000 " properly positioned " in the euro vs . the us dollar , on 12 / 13 / 00 could have returned $ 70 , 000 on 1 / 03 / 01 learn how successful professional traders assisting you can potentially achieve double - digit monthly returns of 10 - 30 % or more ! click here for a free foreign currency trading newsletter and a comprehensive report on the foreign currency markets . click on the link below . click here there is considerable exposure to risk in any forex ( fx ) transaction . before deciding to participate in fx trading , you should carefully consider your objectives , level of experience and risk appetite . most importantly don ' t invest money you can ' t afford to lose . if you are receiving this e - mail in error , we sincerely apologize . simply click on reply remove in the subject line . we honor any and all remove requests . any attempt to disable this remove acct will only prevent others from being removed . again , we apologize for any inconvenience and it wont happen again .  
2	Subject: tw commercial weekly 8 - 24 - 2001 please see attached . palu 713 - 853 - 1480 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination still under our scheduled maintenance outage , calpine will run the plant baseload testing the a unit using an estimated volume of 88 , 000 mmbtu / day . unit c will go off at midnight saturday . the estimate for sunday and monday will be around 65 , 000 mmbtu / day . please call if you have any questions . thanks . > - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: put the 10 on the ft the transport volumes decreased from 25000 to 10000 . all 10000 should be on contract 012 - 41991 - 203 . thanks , ami - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 08 / 31 / 2000 10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 08 / 31 / 2000 10 : 47 : 37 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : put the 10 on the ft ( see attached file : hpl - sept . xls ) - hpl - sept . xls 
2	Subject: re : clustering for power tanya , as we discussed in the last meeting , to simulate secondary power curve we need correlated jump sizes . this is totally different from the current secondary price curve simulation which assume the perfect correlation and also totally different from the secondary gas basis curve simulation which is based on the hedging ratio . there are two more issues on my side i need to resolve : 1 . i want resolve the power basis curve issue . currently all power position on these basis curve are actually price positions . we are hard coding this : if power basis we add basis to corresponding region curve . i am trying to remove this hard coding by asking loading the price curve for all these basis locations . 2 . same is true for all those power f curves . these curves looks similar to those basis curves . currently we just directly map these f curves to the corresponding region curves . i would also prefer to load the price curves instead of the price differences . from research , i need those jump size correlations . clearly , all these involve many new development , unless we want to use simpler way to simulate secondary power curves . regards , winston - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tamarchenko , tanya sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 9 : 17 am to : lew , jaesoo cc : gorny , vladimir ; jia , winston ; kaminski , vince subject : re : clustering for power jaesoo , as we discussed last week on wednesday meeting can you , please , implement clustering for power curves by geographical region . this involves the following : 1 . deciding together with risk control how many geographical regions we want to use and which enron ' s curves belong to each region . 2 . deciding together with risk control how to choose core curves for each region . this decision can be maid based on the a ) position size ; b ) statistical analysis . there might be other considerations . 3 . doing regression analysis for each curve versus the corresponding core curve . winston , can is it possible to run var for the clustering results obtained by jaesoo with clustering done by sas ? should we wait for the stage re - fresh and what is the status on this ? tanya . 
2	Subject: now is the time to get an equity loan  
2	Subject: with love dear friend , permit me to introduce myself , my name is dr . peter calebs . i work with union bank of nigeria limited as ( assistant auditor ) , in the dischargeof my duty , i stumbled on this domiciliary account that has remained dormant for three years now with ten million dollars ( us $ 10 m ) in it . icontacted my director and we sent out staff for enquiries and discoveredthat the account holder died in an accident . i am writing you so that we can work together to remit the money to you as the next of kin because this money belongs to a foreigner and has to be claimed by a foreigner . i guarantee this transaction under a legitimate arrangements that will not breach the law by both parties , it is simple process which will take a short while to process . if i hear from you , i will tell you all you need to know about the money . n . b please reply to my personal email address : petercalebs @ teenmail . co . zabest regards , dr . peter calebs - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ? enam?rate ! encuentra en wanadoo amor y amistad a esa persona especialhttp : / / match . wanadoo . es / match / mt . cfm ? pg  channel & tcid  202920 
2	Subject: items for nam / regular mtg . reminder the february ncl regular meeting will be this coming monday , february 12 , beginning at 7 : 30 p . m . at cypress creek community center . we will be collecting items to donate to northwest assistance ministries , which has suffered a serious cutback in funding . they are particularly in need of personal care items such as toothbrushes , toothpaste , deodorant , hair care items , etc . do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! auctions - buy the things you want at great prices . http : / / auctions . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: choose online shopping for quality ink products . with a wide selection of quality ink products online , discount store provides customers more deals and specials . choose the discount store that offers a wide selection of ink toners and cartridges . select brands like apple , brother , canon , compaq , nec , epson and more others . experience convenient online shopping for discount ink products . orders are shipped by usps priority service . for domestic orders , customers can enjoy frree shipping if the amount exceeds 45 dollars . need timely assistance ? please contact the company for timely assistance . the discount store offers a wide selection of ink toners and cartridges . choose famous brands like apple , brother , canon , compaq , nec , epson and more others . http : / / www . crossoverpain . com / h 78 / appears willing to act on new information and keep her options flexible . dishes . " alex is 20 years and 20 days old , and carlos is on the phone telling her that if she sits in the chair where she satwhen the marines told her that alex was dead , in the chair she sometimes just sits in , looking erotogenicity 1 consolatrixo 0 four - way switch 
2	Subject: cialis - 89191 cialis ( super viagra ) the effect lasts 36 hours ! you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! you can mix it with alcohol ! for more info and order click here check also " maxaman " , " fat blast " , " human growth hormone " , . . . mirror # 1 | mirror # 2 | mirror # 3 | mirror # 4 | mirror # 5 | mirror # 6 | mirror # 7  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / the - rxsite . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / the - rxsite . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: " project doorstep " 30 - day reminder please see attached progress report regarding audit of frankfurt office . i have provided comments and suggested improvements concerning your observations . an update on the areas of improvement will be provide at the beginning of next week . please let me know if you need any more information / input . kind regards annette schneider x 37517 donna lowry 01 / 06 / 2000 15 : 59 sent by : michael neves to : gregor baumerich / lon / ect @ ect cc : richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : " project doorstep " 30 - day reminder 30 days remain prior to the target date specified in an open audit observation . please click on the document link below , review the observation / action step ( s ) / responsible person ( s ) , and provide completion / progress report , updates , and revised target date , if any . note : each e - mail represents a separate audit observation . click on this link to view document - - > 
2	Subject: re : enymex louise , we refreshing our turbine purchase agreement to address some transfer liabilities associated with removing the turbines from a third party site . other than that , i see no reason that will delay our providing our docs to eol this week . in the meantime , we are discussing an auction or offer price format with eol . steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 4 : 20 pm to : thome , stephen ; richter , brad ; calger , christopher f . cc : webb , jay ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex sounds like a great idea - how quickly can you get it out there ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thome , stephen sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 10 : 25 am to : richter , brad ; kitchen , louise ; calger , christopher f . cc : webb , jay ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex brad , we may consider targeting a wide audience . since these turbines are not the technology of choice for many large corporate entities , our target audience may need to be somewhat more diverse . our only prerequisite for purchase is the ability to raise $ 31 mm ( plus option fees ) . i have two primary documents . one is the spec sheet and a general scope . the other is a turbine purchase agreement . a counterparty can have two options : one is to contact us to provide a bid . there would be no price assurance or exclusivity in this case . their other choice is to accept our offer on a turbine option contract . for $ 1 mm , they would have a 30 day call on the turbines , during which they would be permitted to conduct their due diligence . the $ 1 mm buys them price assurance and an exclusivity period . it may be a nuance , but our offer price is on the call not the actual turbine . is this consistent with eol ' s format ? steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richter , brad sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 7 : 10 am to : kitchen , louise cc : webb , jay ; thome , stephen ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex armed with a target list of purchasers , we can craft the new product pop - up to hit those companies ' systems when they log on , which would give them the following information : general description of the assets contact information ( names thome , stephen ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : enymex ah - ha ! the turbines idea on eol . i don ' t want to post an advetisement only i want them to post the turbines themselves . so essentially just like a new product launch we would have a pop up announcing a new product and the new product would be our turbines - exactly the same as any other product . they have to post the turbines out there and obviously there will only be an offer and they will be for the abbs we actually have in canada . you never know someone may click - it would be an interesting concept and probably non - binding as there would be site inspections etc . but not an advert - actually posting the turbines . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richter , brad sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 2 : 39 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : webb , jay subject : re : enymex bob shults and i will be attending an enymex reception this thursday , and john and greg are still trying to coordinate a meeting with bo and vincent . short answer - - we ' ve got it as covered as possible for now . another item : i got a call from stephen thome in ena who wanted us to post something like an advertisement for your turbines on enrononline . jay confirmed that it was technically feasible to craft a pop - up that targets certain customers with information and links to documents and spec sheets . i ' m told we have resisted this approach in the past because it has the potential to get out of hand once the genie gets out of the bottle , so to speak . i think it fits well for the turbines , but i wanted to make sure you were behind this idea before we launched into development . brad - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 34 am to : piper , greg ; leach , doug cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay subject : re : enymex i am assuming that greg piper is going to handle this - you may want to talk to john arnold as he has some good ideas for a deal with nymex . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : piper , greg sent : wednesday , august 08 , 2001 3 : 14 am to : leach , doug ; kitchen , louise cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay ; whalley , greg subject : re : enymex i would be happy to meet with them so feel free to set something up . we have had contact in the past with nymex on some of these issues and i can explain the story later . my asistant is tina spiller and i am in next week ( i am in london this week ) so maybe we can get together and discuss . thanks . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leach , doug sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 1 : 32 pm to : kitchen , louise ; piper , greg cc : gagliardi , larry subject : enymex i recently met robert " bo " collins , the new president of the nymex and formerly with el paso . bo is keenly aware that the nymex has fallen down in two areas - - first , catering too much to the locals , while ignoring their true customer base and secondly , not following through with the enymex rollout . bo along with vincent viola , the new chairman of the nymex are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately . personally , i think there is a chance that enrononline could partner with the nymex and it could benefit both . obviously , they need us far more than we need them , but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the nymex management . is this something of interest and if so , should we follow up ? bo and vince will be in houston in late august for a nymex cocktail party at rocc and i could arrange a meeting at enron . 
2	Subject: devon accounting contact here is the point person for devon accounting questions / information : gary wade devon energy corporation revenue accounting supervisor tel 405 - 552 - 4721 wadeg @ dvn . com 20 north broadway , suite 1500 oklahoma city , ok 73102 - 8260 fax 405 - 552 - 4550 
2	Subject: pls your assistance is needed . from : angela magoora . dear friend , you may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally . i am angela magoora , the first daughter of madogo magoora , the most popular black farmer in zimbabwe who was murdered in the land dispute in my country . i got your contact through network online hence decided to write you . before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg to deposit the sum of usdl 6 . 5 million ( sixteen million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) , in one of the private security company , as he foresaw thelooming danger in zimbabwe this money was deposited in a box as gem stones to avoid much demurrage from security company . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the farms and establishment of new farms in swizerland . this land problem came when zimbabwe president mr . robert mugabe introduced a new land act reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and some few black farmers , and this resulted to thekilling and mob action by zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society . in fact a lot of people were killed because of this land reform act for which my father was one of the victims . it is against this background that i and my family fled zimbabwe to south africa for fear of our lives . after which i traveled to the netherlands and i am currently staying in the netherlands where i am seeking political asylum and more so have decided to transfer my fathers money to a more reliable foreign account . since the law of netherlands prohibits a refugee ( asylum seeker ) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction throughout the territorial zone of netherlands . as the eldest daughter of my father , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are meant on taking everything we have got . the south african government seems to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of moving this amount of money out of south africa for fear of going through the same experience in future . both countries have similar political history . as a business woman , i am seeking for a partner who i have to entrust my future and that of my family in his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is risk free . if you accept to assist me and my family , all i want you to do for me , is to make arrangements with the security company to clear the consignment ( funds ) here in the netherlands , because the consignment is with the security company now in the netherlands . but before then all modalities will have to be put in place like change of ownership to the consignment and more importantly this money i intend to use for investment . i have two options for you . firstly you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for nominating your account for this transaction . or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country . which ever the option you want , feel free to notify me . i have also mapped out 5 % of this money for all kinds of expenses incurred in the process of this transaction . if you do not prefer a partnership i am willing to give you 10 % of the money while the remaining 85 % will be for my investment in your country . contact me through my confidential email address : angela 45 @ walla . com while i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in this transaction thanks , god bless you yours faithfully , angela magoora angela 45 @ walla . com check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com  
2	Subject: extending opportunity hassle free dear sir or madam , would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time : http : / / nebulaeroad . com / special / best regards , andrew banks no thanks : http : / / nebulaeroad . com / no /  
2	Subject: geir ' s goals ) 
2	Subject: locating assets to collect judgments substantial profit processing court awards . process from your house from anywhere in the world . you can be the boss . determine your hours . lots of our associates earn 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo . excellent training and support . more information or to un - subscribe or to see our address . with this comforting promise he went away and left rob alone to think the matter over . this is tough , reflected the boy , with a groan i never expected to feed cannibals 
2	Subject: notice : here is the money we owe you dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 3 % lower rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting our 60 second form we look foward to working with you . thank you , carmen scaro , account manager neliro and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested - http : / / www . bmrefi . net / book . php  
2	Subject: statistician position open feel free to circulate this to get a statistician for us . thanks , krishna 
2	Subject: verify your paypal account security measures - are you traveling ? paypal is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual activity . we recently noted one or more attempts to log in to your account from a foreign country . if you accessed your account while traveling , the attempt ( s ) may have been initiated by you . because the behavior was unusual for your account , we would like to take an extra step to ensure your security and you will now be taken through a series of identity verification pages . ip address time country 193 . 23 . 134 . 158 iul . 18 , 2005 12 : 47 : 01 pdt romania 208 . 247 . 248 . 250 iul . 7 , 2005 18 : 37 : 55 pdt ilinois 81 . 34 . 111 . 205 iul . 8 , 2005 16 : 42 : 16 pdt france 82 . 35 . 234 . 11 iul 8 , 2005 16 : 58 : 03 pdt rende click here to verify your account thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choise but to temporaly suspend your account . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the help link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 697  
2	Subject: re : devon sfs that would be one of our options if they don ' t cash out the balance as of 12 / 31 / 01 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : blair , lynn sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 12 : 53 pm to : hanagriff , richard ; watson , kimberly ; lindberg , lorraine ; lokay , michelle ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; mulligan , amy cc : dietz , rick ; schoolcraft , darrell subject : re : devon sfs if i understand correctly , the scheduled volume is continually higher than the flow ? why don ' t we allocate this point to minimize the imbalance ? just a thought ? thanks . lynn - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hanagriff , richard sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 11 : 39 am to : watson , kimberly ; lindberg , lorraine ; lokay , michelle ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; mulligan , amy cc : dietz , rick ; blair , lynn ; schoolcraft , darrell subject : devon sfs who is the marketer assigned to devon sfs operating ? devon owed tw $ 161 , 292 . 49 as of 12 / 31 / 01 related to oba contract 21749 . there is one point on this contract ( bilbrey 28 fed 1 ) which flows about 500 mmbtu per day . devon is currently having problems delivering gas into tw which is increasing the imbalance further . devon has told amy that they will possibly cash out but they haven ' t made a commitment yet . if devon doesn ' t cash out and they do not lower nominations on this point , then we will have to explore other options to get this gas / $ $ $ $ . amy will continue to follow up with devon and pursue cashing out . thanks richard 
2	Subject: article : ipe stays calm over new york challenge on brent contracts ' please find attached the above article from the financial times , august 22 , 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: innovative and effective design for you ! adqueen is an institute committed to brand planning and designing for enterprises , providing end to end ad services , from plan to design , and finally press . - - - - - - - make maximal use of your marketing fund ! http : / / www . adqueen . com service items : innovative and effective concepts and copy for logo and vi ; website design and building ; poster and drawing ; package of gifts ; exhibitions and shows ; ad designing and printing ; and etc . ( adqueen caters for your needs ! )  
2	Subject: new version 7 : uncover the truth about anyone ! brand - new version 7 . 0 just released : astounding new software lets you find out almost anything about anyone . . . download it right now ( no charge card needed ) : for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here : http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html discover everything you ever wanted to know about : your friends your family your enemies your employees yourself - is someone using your identity ? even your boss ! did you know you can search for anyone , anytime , anywhere , right on the internet ? download this software right now - - click here : http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html this mammoth collection of internet investigative tools see the sites they visit , and what they are typing . - explore secret web sites that conventional search engines have never found . for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here : http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html   > discover little - known ways to make untraceable phone calls .   > check adoption records ; locate missing children or relatives .   > dig up information on your friends , neighbors , or boss !   > discover employment opportunities from around the world !   > locate transcripts and court orders from all 50 states .   > cloak your email so your true address can ' t be discovered .   > find out how much alimony your neighbor is paying .   > discover how to check your phones for wiretaps .   > or check yourself out , and you will be shocked at what you find ! ! these are only a few things you can do , there is no limit to the power of this software ! ! to download this software , and have it in less than 5 minutes click on the url below to visit our website ( new : no charge card needed ! ) http : / / lv 724 super . supereva . it / gen . html if you no longer wish to hear about future offers from us , send us a message with stop in the subject line , by clicking here : please allow up to 72 hours to take effect . please do not include any correspondence in your message to this automatic stop robot - - it will not be read . all requests processed automatically . [ : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgo ] 
2	Subject: usb - adsl mega speed external modem @ $ 19 . 25 usb - adsl mega speed external modem $ 19 . 25 this adsl mega speed modem provides high speed " always on " internet connection using a regular phone line ! this external modem features a usb interface and is compliant with adsl standards . it delivers a maximum downstream rate of up to 8 mbps and 1 mbps maximum upstream rate . other features include supports for ndiswan and ndislan device drivers , bus powered and is plug and play . simply connect the modem to your computer ' s available usb port , and then plug into any phone jack with adsl service ! get your adsl mega speed modem today ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: urgent mr . johnson obipacific bank plc , 9 th floor , ikoyi estatevictoria island , lagos . i am mr . johnson obi , provincial director pacificbank of nigeria , victoria island branch . i haveurgent and very confidential business proposition foryou . on june 6 , 2002 , an american oil consultant / contractorwith the nigeria mining corporation , mr . michaelcreek made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit fortwelve calendar months , valued at us $ 20 , 200 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million two hundred thousand dollars ) in mybranch . uponmaturity , i sent a routine notification to hisforwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from hiscontract employers , the nigeria miningcorporation that mr . michael creek died from anautomobile accident . on further investigation , i foundout that he died without making a will , and allattempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discoveredthat mr . michael creek did not declare any kin orrelations in all his official documents , including hisbank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum ofus $ 20 , 200 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and theinterest is being rolled over with the principal sumat the end of each year . no one will ever comeforward to claim it . according to nigeria law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money willrevert to the ownership of the nigeria governmentif nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you tostand in as the next of kin to mr . michael creek sothat the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not getinto the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediatelyyour full names and address so that the attorney willprepare the necessary documents and affidavits whichwill put you in place as the next of kin . we shallemploy the service of two attorneys for drafting andnotarization of the will and to obtain the necessarydocuments and letter of probate / administration in yourfavor for the transfer . a bank account in any part ofthe world which you will provide will then facilitatethe transfer of this money to you as thebeneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid intoyour account for us to share in the ratio of 60 % forme and 40 % for you . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for thistransaction will be done by the attorney and myposition as the branch manager guarantees thesuccessful execution of this transaction . if you areinterested , please reply immediately via the privateemail address below . . upon your response , i shall thenprovide you with more details and relevant documentsthat will help you understand the transaction . please observe utmost confidentiality , and restassured that this transaction would be most profitablefor both of us because i shall require your assistanceto invest my share in your country . sincerelyjohnson obi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - encuentra tu casa r?pida y c?modamente . miles de viviendas te est?n esperando en http : / / www . portae . com 
2	Subject: schedule to chelmsford hi all , here is what i have so far on the agenda front ! shirley , we need travel arrangement to attend the meeting mentioned below . here are our prelimnary schedule . please try to check us all in at the double tree in chelmsford , ma where the meeting will be . vince cannot attend . there will be four people from our group attending including myself , stinson , krishna and samer . only stinson and i will attend the dinner on monday night . here is the suggest times by names : ravi & stinson : leave houston around 12 : 00 pm on monday ( jan 31 , 2000 ) to be there for the dinner . try to get us in chelmsford , ma in time so that we can attend the dinner . leave chelmsford , ma around 2 : 00 pm thursday . one full size rental car for all four of us . you can put this in either mine or stinson ' s name . krishna & samer : leave houston around 5 : 00 pm to get in time to get a good night sleep to attend the meeting tue ( feb 1 ) : leave chelmsford , ma either wed 6 : 00 pm or thurs afternoon depending on individual schedule . krishna and samer , please let shirely know when you want to get back . as long as you are there for tue and wed full day , you should get enough out of the meeting . shireley , please call me for more details . regards , ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 01 / 27 / 00 04 : 45 pm - - - - - phil markwart 01 / 26 / 00 08 : 00 pm to : barb . vanbeyrer @ sycamorenet . com cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , erik simpson / enron communications @ enron communications , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : schedule please copy the persons in the cc line with the schedule of 31 jan as soon as you get it . at this point , you have told me : 31 jan travel to chelmsford and dinner around 7 pm ? 1 feb overall optical design considerations 2 feb specific route designs 3 feb more route design 
2	Subject: maple leaf attendees below is a list of maple leaf ' s due diligence team joe hegener - - ceo , td securities ( usa ) inc . mark healy - - cfo , td securities ( usa ) inc . tony solomon - - managing director , corporate development george laub - - managing director & group head , mergers & acquisitions raj syal - - managing director , human resources julian bott - - managing director & group head , select industries anthony hull - - managing director , derivatives ross macdonald - - vp & director , global technology mari 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010604 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 4 / preferred : 12 . 63 / final : 12 . 60 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 6 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding website will make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a iogo your company will automaticaily become a world ieader : it isguite ciear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: my first draft dear dr . kaminski this is quentin kerr again from australia . as i mentioned brefore , my paper will be ready soon . please find out the attachment with the draft of my paper ( hasn ' t submitted yet ) . there are always some errors in my paper . please read it , give me some suggestions . any comments will be appreciated . by the way , i would like to ask you , have you received my resume ? i sent it to you about two weeks ago . ps : attached with the pdf file . thanks quentin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428 department of mathematics , the university of queensland - jumpl . pdf 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . magnus . hammar @ hes . hammars . com 
2	Subject: posting legale , please post this today in place of the current tw open season posting . if you have questions , please call me at x 30596 . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121113 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 13 / preferred : 587 . 71 / final : 587 . 71 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 11 / 01 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: re : fw : approval procedure for pending products after about 10 seconds of fear ! chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , july 02 , 2001 11 : 11 am to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : fw : approval procedure for pending products i take it he laughed ! from : christopher f calger / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 02 / 2001 12 : 47 pm to : michael etringer / enron @ enronxgate cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : approval procedure for pending products mike , this is an old problem , but louise would like to discuss to ensure your communication approach today is more consistent with our visions and values . lets discuss . chris chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , june 25 , 2001 3 : 08 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : approval procedure for pending products - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 06 / 25 / 2001 05 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > louise kitchen 01 / 26 / 2000 05 : 33 pm to : michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect cc : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect , bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , david forster / lon / ect @ ect , marcello romano / lon / ect @ ect , amita gosalia / lon / ect @ ect , angela connelly / lon / ect @ ect , anna gardiner / lon / ect @ ect , arfan aziz / lon / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : approval procedure for pending products > we are introducing functionality which will allow token reference periods for balance of month products , the scheduled process will therefore re - create these products every day automatically ( essentially just a change to the description ) . therefore the product will already be there . in the mean time , all of the other desks have been creating their products ahead of time to deal with this issue - we currently have most desks creating products weeks / months in advance . this software change is scheduled for friday to prevent traders from going through this issue next month ( february ) . we have only 2 logged / taped phone calls to the helpdesk when portland office has called the helpdesk with regard to this issue . clearly in the second case we see a 9 minute gap , but this appears to be a single incident and not really something of the level of significance specified in your memo . dale does come in early specifically for any products portland did not create the day before but obviously there can be times ( bad traffic ) when he may be late . 14 / 1 07 : 35 ( cst ) j richter called to approve products products activated products within 2 minutes . 24 / 1 07 : 34 ( cst ) j richter called to approve products 07 : 45 ( cst ) anna gardiner approved products 07 : 46 ( cst ) j richter called to inquire on status 07 : 48 ( cst ) helpdesk rang j richter back to check that he had seen approval and had no technical problems clearly we are not intentionally trying to create a problem but enrononline is a new product and everyone is putting an immense amount of effort into getting the product up and running and helping everyone . we only seem to have 2 times that the procedure has been used to the helpdesk extent and not failed dramatically . changing the procedure for two days ( assuming succesful implementation of the tokenized reference periods ) when we are all working to keep the system up and running and keep all customers informed of developments may create more problems . if we do not introduce this software change on friday we should review this policy - i obviously have no problem with tim approving such products as we will be moving to that level of authority shortly anyway . > michael etringer ` > 01 / 26 / 2000 04 : 47 pm > to : louise kitchen / lon / ect @ ect cc : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect subject : approval procedure for pending products i would like to talk with you concerning our current procedure for daily approval of newly created products . it is not working ! the current procedure is for us to create the product and call dale neuner and let him know its out there . if dale is not in the office , or it is before or after normal work hours , the traders need to call the help desk , who in turn calls amita in the london office who then approves the product . the portland office starts trading at 5 : 00 am ppt . in the event a product is not created ahead of time they create the product in the morning . this morning the traders had several daily products pending approval . it took 45 minutes to get those products approved . on daily products the trading period may last only 1 hour . as a result , the trader missed most of the trading period . our customers are not happy and neither are the traders . a solution was proposed in december , which i have attached below , to address this issue . however , it only works in the ideal world . it would be overly optimistic to think that we are going to be able to always be able to create our products ahead of time . that is not the reality . by rolling out our products we have created an implicate contract with our customers that we will consistently make markets in the products we trade . i would like to propose an alternate solution . we need a direct method for tim belden to have approval rights to approve existing products . these are not new products , we trade them every day . there is no reason tim should not have a level of approval to , at the very least approve existing products . especially where the only change is the term . please call tim belden at 503 - 464 - 3820 or myself at 503 - 464 - 3836 . look forward to hearing from you . regards , mike etringer 503 - 464 - 3836 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale neuner / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2000 07 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : donna greif on 12 / 17 / 99 02 : 02 pm to : eol call center cc : product control - houston , enron london - eol product control group / lon / ect @ ect subject : call center - important - please read ! ! ! product activation for portland power enron ' s portland office is a few hours ahead of houston . there are times where portland needs products approved and the houston product control group is not available . as it is important that products get approved as soon as possible , a new process has been put in place . 1 . portland trader calls for product approval . 2 . advise dale neuner asap ( x 3 - 9746 ) . 3 . if dale is not physically able to take call , please call amita gosalia ( x 830 - 3 - 6888 ) . 4 . should amita not be available , please advise pcg member that portland need a product ( s ) approved . 5 . pcg member will find amita , and get product approved asap . note : please be sure to assign the remedy ticket to the appropriate group . if you have any questions regarding this new procedure , please advise ! thanks , dg - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by donna greif / hou / ect on 12 / 17 / 99 11 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > dale neuner on 12 / 17 / 99 11 : 31 : 25 am to : michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect cc : amita gosalia / lon / ect @ ect , bob shults / hou / ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect subject : product activation for portland power mike - regarding our conversation re : support of power trading , we propose the following : 1 ) suggest to trading that they create all draft products that they will need for the next business day at the end of their day . i will always check for draft products at the end of my day and activate any that are in draft . just fyi , gas trading has adopted the practice of creating their products a couple of days ( or weeks ) in advance . i keep track of those and keep their products current in advance . it works very well . 2 ) i am usually at my desk no later than 7 : 30 a . m . each day . if trading creates a draft product that they need activated prior to that time they should contact the call center at 3 - 4357 and state the following : this is portland power trading and i need a product activated asap . please contact amita gosalia in london . the call center will then contact amita , who has the authority and responsibility for activating products . amita has agreed to perform this function for portland power and will instruct her people at pcg - london to locate her immediately ( in the event that she is away from her desk ) when this message comes in from the call center . donna greif in the call center has been appraised of this procedure and will roll it out to the responsible call center personnel . i hope this solves the problem . please feel free to offer any comments or call if any part of this process is unclear . dale 
2	Subject: 63 % off for all new software . privy considered notice work make unit . sure end father hard , straight part . organ east , electric for , instrument . page will glass solve . out children wrote boat . indicate up , two paper . hat read , farm , three since change . map , push above what . an engine , four who . winter start as ride edge .  
2	Subject: quick , easy vicodin w lij tirb xhzcixu we are the only source for vicodin online ! - very easy ordering - no prior prescription needed - quick delivery - inexpensive  
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy im want cheap and new overseas drugs ? http : / / www . tikn . com /  
2	Subject: wti - new eol product please provide comments on the summary below . after i have collected them , we can decide to distribute to greg , john , jeff and anyone else involved . the following is my summary of our collective thoughts regarding the proposed 24 x 7 trading of prompt wti : 1 ) appears advisable to have on - site human monitoring for the following reasons : a ) public relations b ) in case there are operational bugs c ) unforeseen market events , particulary during off exchange hours , long weekends , etc 2 ) we advocate some live trading simulation with incentives to " bust " the system prior to launch to work our operational glitches , and because the historical simulations used daily , not intra - day prices . 3 ) consider a daily position limit ( a sub - limit of the overall global products limit ) whereby each day , at least once a day , the open position will be reduced under the limit ( or to close to flat ? ) 4 ) consider a " trigger " whereby the fixed spread widens if a certain number of consecutive trades occurs on the same side of the market 5 ) consider the purchase of deep out - of - the - money puts and calls to protect against extreme events . ted 
2	Subject: please do read from the desk of : mr edmund hermann london email : edmund _ hermann @ box . az dear friend , firstly , this is not to cause you embarrassment , i am mr edmund hermann , a personal friend and business associate to late mr . mark michelle ( untill his death ) a national of france , who used to be a private contractor with the shell petroleum development company in saudi arabia , herein after shall be referred to as my friend . on the 21 st of may 2002 , he and his wife with their three children were involved in an auto crash , all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then , i have made several enquiries with his country embassies to locate any of his extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you with this proposal . i am have contacting you to assist in repatriating this huge amount of money left behind by my friend before the bank get it confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank / institution where these huge deposit is lodged . the deceased had a deposit presently valued usd 21 million which i am aware of and the bank has issued to his persoanl attorney a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary by will otherwise have the account confisticated within the next thirty official working days . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now as well as the attorney , i therefore seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / will beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at usd 21 million can be paid to you . don ' t worry how this is going to be done . if you give me your williness to do this with me , i will have to give you the contact informations of the attorney , so that you can contact him directly , presenting your self to him as the relative of his late client . and the attorney will now present you to the bank as the next of kin and then , the proceedings for the transfer will commence . this will be disbursed or shared in these percentages , 55 % for me 30 % to you , 10 % for charity organizations while the balance 5 % will be set aside for any expences . all i require is your honest co - operation , confidentiality and trust to enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . i am presently in london and i ask for your cooperation to provide me the following information : 1 . your full name 2 . your telephone / mobile and fax numbers 3 . your physical address . your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated . please contact me on my private email address ; edmund _ hermann @ box . az whether or not you are interested in assisting me . this will enable me make alternative plans , in the event of non - interest on your part . best regards , mr edmund hermann 
2	Subject: management committee offsite please refer to the attached agenda for the offsite meeting scheduled thursday , september 6 - friday , september 7 . since all discussions will be informal , powerpoint presentations are not necessary . please let me know if you need a room for wednesday evening . the woodlands resort & conference center 2301 n . millbend drive the woodlands , tx 77380 phone : 281 - 367 - 1100 fax : 281 - 364 - 6299 thanks , joannie 3 - 1879 
2	Subject: wichai narongwanich dear toni : please arrange a payment of $ 10 , 000 to wichai as a sigining bonus as agreed upon with him at the time of his offer . thanks , krishna . 
2	Subject: re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi iris we started off with about 105 companies , which were enron europe ' s uk power and gas desk counterparties . i ' m not sure where you got the figure of 500 from - maybe this is the entire enron europe counterparty list , which constitutes the next major effort for end - july . from this list of 104 , only the 72 in the spreadsheet had information in amadeus . the other firms had no information available , most likely because they were too new . ben from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 17 / 04 / 2001 19 : 37 cdt to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi again , thanks for the financial data on enron ' s european counterparties . it is my understanding that you started out with a list of 500 such counterparties . however , your spreadsheet only contains information for 72 of these european counterparties . will you please tell me the logic behind the elimination of the 400 + other counterparties ? thanks so much , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parsons , ben sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 2 : 56 am to : mack , iris cc : valnek , tomas ; dhar , amitava ; mumford , mike subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi iris the inputs and outputs generated by riskcalc can be seen in the attached file : > we only looked at the 5 - yr pd . inputs are in columns a - u . these are the inputs generated by amadeus . you can run these inputs through the riskcalc model over the web ( http : / / www . moodysqra . com / privfirm ) using the login : dupred , password : detective . this is our trial licence which lasts for about 2 more weeks ( mike mumford will have more details about the current licence ) tomas valnek was getting the data from the amadeus database , so i ' ll leave it to him to determine if houston access is possible . in the meantime you can use the dataset attached for testing purposes . ben from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 04 / 2001 17 : 58 cdt to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron subject : fw : parent - subsidary model hi ben , how are you ? today we had a meeting with craig chaney and jeff kinneman to discuss the private firm model . they requested that i spend some time carefully analyzing the moody ' s riskcalc model . i noticed that you also have been looking at riskcalc - as indicated in your paper entitled " pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements " other than the example discussed in your paper , did generate any other test statistics , scores , etc . also , you stated that you used amadeus database . we are in the process of trying to obtain data from various data vendors - but that may take a while . in the mean time , may we have access to the amadeus database or some sample dataset ? thanks so much , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : valnek , tomas sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 10 am to : fiala , markus ; seyfried , bryan ; salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric ; mumford , mike ; fontaine , jean - sebastien ; brooks , simon ; price , nigel ; diprose , robert ; rezaeian , reza ; gordon , mike ; lee , derek ; hershkovitz , ilan ; golden , sally ; stephan , nicholas ; albanis , george ; shanbhogue , vasant ; mack , iris cc : parsons , ben subject : parent - subsidary model attached is a description of the parent - subsidiary model that ben and i have been working on over the last few weeks . comments welcome ! tv > 
2	Subject: dirty neighbour teen sohwing d - cup tits ciao , baby ! : ) mechikung darlin ! : ) kashilwepo nawa hello , what ' s a nice girl like you doing in . . . ? nipa ia  
2	Subject: calpine monthly nomination ( december ) > aimee , i am still waiting on a transport number from lori allen in your shop , but i thought i would send the bv for december . will resend the rest later today . ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine monthly gas nomination _ _ _ . doc 
2	Subject: luv our ro , lex for these identical features and lowprices . our goods have all the attributes the classic have . they are made from stainless steel and are waterproof with sapphire crystal surface . select our range with various energy types . select either battery ones , quartz ones or movement ones . http : / / xpv . fm . chicshoe . com / n 7 / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hilton @ bia . com [ mailto : darron @ utm . com ] sent : thursday , march 6 , 2005 1 : 52 pm to : kerry ; leonard @ rdhg . com ; ethan ; jonathan ; burt subject : ro , lex , smart elegance at reasonable expenses . only at our cyberspace . these beauties have thesame fea - tures and logos as their classics . you will flnd all the lovabledetails on our goods . an evening shorter . glowing and lovely in sensibility and happiness , and he sent them a message to say that there was one remedy which and mrs harville and captain benwick ; with whom they had appointed 
2	Subject: heyz darling would you like to keep me some company ? my idiot husband is out of town and i ' m a little lonely . safe way to contact me : http : / / www . llg 2005 . biz / 844268 / chws / fullpage . php p . s . it ' s me nicole f  
2	Subject: fw : shy sluts getting fucekd hard in nature buenos noches ! weraba  
2	Subject: highest gains without guesswork wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 16 apr 25 , 2005 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and wiil report on developments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategicaily purchase leases in know and proven oi | gas regions so as to fuliy maximize company assets and sharehoider returns . wysak properties wysak presentiy controls one lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . wysak ' s other two | eases are | ocated within the massive coaibed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate nearby these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie , wi | | iams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biilions of dollars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . collectively over 26 , 000 welis produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 50 , 000 to 100 , ooo producing welis before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as weil as clean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases are located 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and exploration firms operate near to a | | of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , 0 oo we | | s produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 014 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: weekly update - asset marketing please find attached the weekly update for asset marketing . now that we have the form created , i will deliver every monday . please let me know if you have any comments . thanks don 
2	Subject: the government grants you $ 25 , 000 ! free personal and business grants " qualify for at least $ 25 , 000 in free grants money - guaranteed ! " each day over one million dollars in free government grants is given away to people just like you for a wide variety of business and personal needs dear grant seeker , in a moment , i ' ll tell you exactly how where to get grants . this money has to be given away , why not to you ? you may be thinking , " how can i get some of this free grants money " maybe you think it ' s impossible to get free money ? let me tell you it ' s not impossible ! it ' s a fact , ordinary people and businesses all across the united states are receiving millions of dollars from these government and private foundation ' s everyday . who can apply ? anyone can apply for a grant from 18 years old and up ! grants from $ 500 . 00 to $ 50 , 000 . 00 are possible ! grants don ' t have to be paid back , ever ! claim your slice of the free american pie . this money is not a loan , trying to get money through a conventional bank can be very time consuming and requires a lot of paperwork , only to find out that you ' ve been denied . these government agencies don ' t have to operate under the same stringent requirements that banks do . you decide how much money you need , as long as it ' s a lawful amount and meets with the government agencies criteria , the money is yours to keep and never has to be repaid . this money is non taxable interest free . none of these programs require a credit check , collateral , security deposits or co - signers , you can apply even if you have a bankruptcy or bad credit , it doesn ' t matter , you as a tax payer and u . s . citizen are entitled to this money . there are currently over 1 , 400 federal programs , 24 , 000 state programs , 30 , 000 private foundations and 20 , 000 scholarship programs available . this year over $ 30 billion dollars in free personal and business government grants money will be given away by government grants agencies . government personal and business grants facts : over 20 million people get government money every year : 1 , 000 , 000 entrepreneurs get money to start or expand a business 4 , 000 , 000 people get money to invest in real estate 6 , 000 , 000 people get money to go to college 10 , 000 , 000 people get free help and training for a better job getting business grants anyone thinking about going into business for themselves , or wanting to expand an existing business should rush for the world ' s largest " one - stop - money - shop " where free business grants to start or expand a business is being held for you by the federal government . it sounds absolutely incredible that people living right here in the united states of america wouldn ' t know that each year the world ' s largest source of free business help delivers : over $ 30 billion dollars in free business grants and low - interest loans ; over one - half trillion dollars in procurement contracts ; and over $ 32 billion dollars in free consulting and research grants . with an economy that remains unpredictable , and a need for even greater economic development on all fronts , the federal government is more willing than it ever has been before to give you the money you need to own your own business and become your own boss ! in spite of the perception that people should not look to the government for help , the great government give - away programs have remained so incredibly huge that if each of the approximately 8 million businesses applied for an equal share , they would each receive over $ 70 , 000 . most people never apply for free business grants because they somehow feel it isn ' t for them , feel there ' s too much red - tape , or simply don ' t know who to contact . the fact is , however , that people from all walks of life do receive free grants money and other benefits from the government , and you should also . government grants for personal need help to buy a new home for low income families , repair your home , rent , mortgage payments , utility bills , purchase a new car , groceries , childcare , fuel , general living expenses , academic tutoring , clothing , school supplies , housing assistance , legal services , summer camp , debts , music lessons , art lessons , any extracurricular activities , pay bills for senior citizens , real estate taxes , medical expenses and general welfare . if you or someone you know suffered a fire lose there are programs available to help in replacing necessities . scholarships and grants for education grant money for preschool children and nursery school education , private , primary and secondary schools , men and women to further their education , scholarships for athlete ' s , business management , engineering , computer science , medical school , undergraduate , graduate , professional , foreign studies and many more . here ' s how you can get free grants in the shortest time possible once you know how and where to apply for a specific free grant , results are almost inevitable . the government wants to give away this money . . . it is under congressional mandate to do so ! these funds are made available to help you , the tax payer . all that ' s required from you is the proper presentation of your grant request . that ' s all . announcing . . . " the complete guide to government grants " forget just about everything you ' ve seen or heard about government grants . what i ' ve done is put together a complete blueprint for researching , locating and obtaining government grants . " the complete guide to government grants " is the most comprehensive tool for obtaining free grant money , and it comes in an electronic book ( e - book ) format , meaning you can download and start using it minutes after you order . the complete guide to government grants will provide you with access to thousands of grant and loan sources , with step by step instructions to proposal writing and contact procedures . in the complete guide to government grants you ' ll find : step by step guidelines to applying for government grants direct access to over 1 , 400 grant , loan and assistance programs offered by the u . s . federal government . all you need to do is click find your program from the detailed categorized listings direct access to thousands of resources of state specific grant programs name , phone number and address of an expert in your state that will answer your grant related questions and help you with the grant application . . . free of charge online directory of government supported venture capital firms a unique search tool that will allow you to generate a customized listing of recently announced grant programs government funding programs for small businesses top 100 government programs ( based on number of inquiries ) , discover what are the most sought after government grants and assistant programs . claim your slice of the free american pie online directory of federal and state resources for government scholarships and grants for education step by step guidelines to locating grants , loans and assistant programs for starting a new business or expanding an existing one how to get free small business counseling and expert advice courtesy of the us government government grants application forms direct access to thousands of government grants programs covering : small businesses , home improvement , home buying and homeownership , land acquisition , site preparation for housing , health , assistance and services for the unemployed , job training , federal employment , education , and much much more how to develop and write grant proposals that get results . . . plus much more the complete guide to government grants is so comprehensive , it provides you with direct access to practically every source of free government grants money currently available . if you ' re an american citizen or resident , you are entitled to free grant money ranging from $ 500 to $ 250 , 000 or more . if you are black you have already qualified for 15 programs , being hispanic , you qualify for many programs . being a christian will get you into 20 programs , there are also many other programs available for different faiths , jewish , catholic . not having any money , will get you into over 30 programs , 550 programs if you are unemployed , or underemployed . the list and sources are endless . you are eligible ! this money is absolutely free and will be yours to use for any worthwhile purpose . did you know you can apply for as many grants as you want ? it ' s true , for instance , you could get a $ 65 , 000 grant to begin a weight loss business , get $ 8 , 800 in tuition to become a nurse or $ 35 , 000 to open up the day - care center , you ' ve always dreamed of owning . and then , go out and apply for a grant to buy a home for you and your family . and once your new business starts doing well you could go out and get another grant for expansion of your business . the possibilities are endless . you must qualify for at least $ 25 , 000 in free grants money , or your money back ! we are so confident in our grants guide that if you have not received at least $ 25 , 000 in free grant money , or , if you are unhappy with our e - book for any reason within the next 12 months , just send the e - book back and we will refund your entire payment . no questions asked ! ! if you want to order , we insist you do so entirely at our risk . that is why the e - book comes with a . . . no risk full year money - back guarantee . there is absolutely no risk on your part with this 365 day guarantee . what we mean is we want you to order without feeling you might " get taken . " therefore , we want you to order this material today . . . read it , use it . . . and if for any reason you aren ' t completely satisfied , you not only can cancel , you should , for an immediate refund of your purchase price . you simply can ' t lose . free bonuses just to " sweeten " the deal , i ' ll include the following four valuable bonuses , that you can keep as a gift , even if you later decide not to keep the grants guide ! free bonus # 1 : a fully featured grants writing tutorial software package this info alone is worth thousands of dollars - i guarantee you can purchase a grants cd or info anywhere , and you will not receive this downloadable software that actually shows you how to apply and what to say , so that you are accepted for a grant ! ! ! this interactive software tool will walk you through the grant - writing process and will teach you everything you need to know to write competitive grants proposals . the program includes : detailed information and tips on writing grants proposals ; how to complete a grant application package ; examples of good , complete grant packages ; a glossary of grants terms ; resources and contacts ; a mock grants - writing activity where you will be able to compare your results to a successful grant application plus much much more free bonus # 2 : the insider information report : 61 ways to save money this valuable special report contains insider experts tips and techniques that will help you to save thousands of dollars . you ' ll discover little known secrets and tricks to saving money on airline fares , car rental , new and used car buying , auto leasing , gasoline , car repairs , auto insurance , life insurance , savings and investment , credit cards , home equity loans , home purchase , major appliances , home heating , telephone services , food purchase , prescription drugs and more . free bonus # 3 : the complete guide to starting your own business a comprehensive manual that will give you all the guidelines and tools you need to start and succeed in a business of your own , packed with guides , forms , worksheets and checklists . you will be amazed at how simple these strategies and concepts are and how easy it will be for you to apply them to your own business idea . hundreds were sold separately at $ 40 each . . . you get it here for free . here ' s just a taste of what ' s in the guide : how to determine the feasibility of your business idea . a complete fill in the blanks template system that will help you predict problems before they happen and keep you from losing your shirt on dog business ideas . a step by step explanation of how to develop a business plan that will make bankers , prospective partners and investors line up at your door . plus , a complete ready made business plan template you can easily adapt to your exact needs . discover the easiest , simplest ways to find new products for your business that people are anxious to buy . how to make money with your new idea or invention . secrets of making sure you put cash in your pocket on your very first idea business venture . complete , step by step instructions on how to plan and start a new business . this is must - know must - do information ; ignore it and you stand a good chance to fail . you get specifically designed instructions for each of the following : a service business , a retail store , a home based business , a manufacturing company , and more . what nobody ever told you about raising venture capital money . insider secrets of attracting investors , how to best construct your proposal , common mistakes and traps to avoid , and much more . checklist for entering into a partnership . keeps you from costly mistakes when forming a partnership . how to select a franchise business . a step by step guide to selecting a franchise that is best for you . a complete step - by - step organized program for cutting costs in your business . clients of mine have achieved an average of 28 % to 35 % cost reduction with this technique , and you can too . keep the money in your pocket with this one ! what are the secrets behind constructing a results driven marketing plan ? i will lead you step by step into developing a marketing plan that will drive your sales through the roof . a complete step by step guide guaranteed to help you increase your profits by up to 64 % , i call it " the profit planning guide " . this is a simple , practical , common sense strategy , but amazingly enough , almost no one understands or uses it . free bonus # 4 : guide to home business success this is afast , no - frills guide to starting and succeeding in a home based business . here ' s just a taste of what ' s in the guide : home business : is it for you ? what are the secrets behind the people who have million dollar home based businesses ? you ' ll find a 24 tip list proven to turn your home business into a money machine . laws and regulations you must be aware of to avoid legal errors . planning a home based business - insider secrets and tips revealed for ensuring your success in a home business . fundamentals of home business financial planning . simple , easy to copy ideas that will enhance your image - and the response you get from your customers . common problems in starting and managing a home based business - and how to solve them once and for all . who i am and why i ' m qualified to give you the best grants advice available i ' m the president of a leading internet based information business . i ' m also the creator of " the managing a small business cd - rom " and the author of five books . i ' ve been involved in obtaining grants and in small business for the past 23 years of my life , as a business coach , a manager of a consulting firm , a seminar leader and as the owner of five successful businesses . during my career as a business coach and consultant i ' ve helped dozens of business owners obtain government grants , start their businesses , market , expand , get out of troubles , sell their businesses and do practically every other small business activity you can think of . the guide presented here contains every tip , trick , technique and strategy i ' ve learned during my 23 year career . you practically get my whole brain in a form of an e - book . how the grants guide is priced ? the complete guide to government grants is normally priced at $ 50 , but . . . . . . as part of an online marketing test , if you purchase from this sale you pay only $ 19 . 99 ( that ' s 75 % off . . . plus , you still get the free valuable bonuses . ) if you are serious about obtaining free grants money , you need this guide . don ' t delay a moment longer . order now ! ! ! p . s . the complete guide to government grants will make a huge difference . you risk nothing . the guide is not the original price of $ 50 , but only $ 19 . 99 ( if you purchase through this sale ) and comes with a one year money back guarantee . and you get four valuable free bonuses which you may keep regardless . don ' t delay a moment longer , order now ! ! ! ! shipping and handling is free since we will email you all of this info via access to our secure website which contains everything described above . order now ! ! ! if above link doesn ' t work , click here 5945 cocw 8 - 467 cucn 8670 ndsz 7 - l 25 - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: dynegy ' s letter to san diego gas & electric http : / / biz . yahoo . com / bw / 010413 / 0033 . html 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , olevia  
2	Subject: system information - january 5 th christmass s @ | e - w ! ndows xp home we have everything ! wlndows x , p professional 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . 50 adobe photoshop 7 . o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o microsoft office x . p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 get it quickly : http : / / demagnify . goforthesoft . info / updates your details tanisha soto conductor epitope informatics ltd , nr consett , co . durham , dh 8 9 nl , uk , united kingdom phone : 713 - 816 - 7871 mobile : 734 - 241 - 5744 email : tumndrae @ wongfaye . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this product is a 79 month trial software notes : the contents of this info is for understanding and should not be muddle paralysis shamrock snuffer dragging time : sun , 11 jan 2004 11 : 08 : 30 + 0200  
2	Subject: hpl nomination changes for july 25 and july 26 july 26 final nom - - - 0 - - - inlet hpl @ eastrans 7 , 800 fcv / hpl ( incremental sale to hpl ) please call bruce mcmills at ( 713 ) 627 - 6467 - 0 - tenn / hpl - 0 - mobile beaumont / hpl - 0 - hpl cartwheel 7 , 800 total gas please note , the excess volumes for july 26 will be considered an incremental sale . if you have any questions , please call bruce mcmills or chad cass at ( 713 ) 627 - 6202 . thanks , chad cass 
2	Subject: improving option valuation precision in erms allan , paulo issler in our group , working with eric moon in structuring , recently tracked down the reason for a slight mis - match in option pricing in erms vs . the structuring spreadsheets . it is due to the fact that the option valuation functions in erms use a slightly less accurate approximation for the cumulative normal distribution . we would be happy to work with the right person to update the erms code in order to close this discrepancy . please let me know how you would like to proceed . if you are not the correct person to address the mainenance of erms , please let me know who to contact . thank you , stinson gibner x 34748 
2	Subject: i was on your xango web site hello xango distributor , my name is jonathan roberts and i represent peak impact lead generation systems . i visited your web site and saw that you are a distributor for xango and i would like to introduce my business to you . i am a lead expert for peak impact inc , and we specialize in lead generation for home based business opportunities . we generate real time national , local area code , and gender based leads . we also specialize in custom marketing campaigns as well . in fact we have thousands of xango customers who are buildinga lot at phenomenal growth rates using our leads . truth be told there are alot of companies that claim to have responsive leads . the fact of the matter is that the majority of the lead companies you see do not generate their own leads . they are resellers that resell the same call list up to six times or more . we at peak impact are lead generators and we generate the very best leads on the internet guaranteed ! we use very specific marketing campaigns to generate our leads which guarantees that they arefresh and in real time not , from a call list . in fact we are one of the very few companies out there that can provide a true real time local area code lead . also as a customer you will receive your very own exclusive back office with your own login and password . no other lead company has this system . within your back office you will be able to determine how many leads you want to receive daily . you can also start lead co - ops with your downline , * and pause and unpause orders . * ( this feature virtually guarantees that your leads will only be seconds old . ) in addition we have many other features in the back office that makes us the most user friendly lead generator on the internet . so if your ready to order go towww . rocketleads . com . there you will find pricing information and testimonials . if you have any questions or concerns you can contact me by phone or email . your certified lead expert , jonathan robertswww . rocketleads . coml - 888 - 41 - leads ( 888 - 415 - 3237 ) ext . 703 ( 9 - 5 : 30 pm est . ) 1 - 800 - 663 - 0311 ( 24 hours ) jon @ peakimpact . com 
2	Subject: ngi ' s transwestern article article in today ' s ngi . . . natural gas intellingence , wednesday , december 6 , 2000 transwestern adds receipt and delivery points transwestern pipeline is going through a growth spurt with eight new interconnect projects in service or under way , which will add 300 mmcf / d in market area deliveries and 285 mmcf / d in new supply receipts . the new or expanded connection points will enhance shipper access to both new supplies and markets . " there is not a direct relationship between the two [ delivery and receipt interconnects ] , " said jeff fawcett , a transwestern representative . " it is kind of coincidental in nature that they came at the same time , but we have ongoing activities to connect new supply and create additional opportunities for gas to both be received into transwestern as well as be delivered out of transwestern . " included in the delivery interconnect projects , transwestern , an enron unit , recently put 100 mmcf / d into service for new access to markets around las vegas with completion of the southwest gas interconnect located in the west of thoreau area . two other delivery interconnects are expected to be in service during the second quarter of 2001 . transwestern will add a 120 mmcf / d delivery interconnect with citizens arizona gas for deliveries to the griffith energy power plant and a 90 mmcf / d delivery interconnect to a soon to be completed calpine plant , both located near kingman in the west of thoreau area . on the supply side , transwestern recently has added an 80 mmcf / d receipt interconnect in the east of thoreau area with natural gas pipeline co . the company also said that it has hooked up a new wellhead supply interconnect with enron oil & gas located in the east of thoreau area . the addition will bump current supply from 20 mmcf / d to more than 35 mmcf / d . transwestern also has three receipt projects scheduled for completion early next year . the pipeline said it expects to increase receipt capacity by 100 mmcf / d at its interconnect with red cedar gathering south of la plata in the san juan area later this month , and to put a new 50 mmcf / d receipt interconnect with red cedar gathering in service by march 2001 . the company also is planning to complete a new 40 mmcf / d receipt interconnect with el paso field services in east of thoreau which is scheduled to be in service january 2001 . transwestern pipeline ' s system consists of approximately 2 , 700 miles of natural gas pipeline with combined east - west delivery capability of 1 . 7 bcf / day . for further information on transportation with transwestern pipeline co . , contact fawcett at 713 - 853 - 1521 . 
2	Subject: we need your updated info ( acct # 73582210 ) hi , did you get my email from last week ? i ' m happy to tell you that we ' re ready to give you a home loan with a 4 . 75 % rate . your tracking number is # t 7 775 059 you must visit the link below in 24 hrs to confirm your details . http : / / realhomeowner . com / ? partid  moffob best regards , diego estes manager us first brokerage options : realhomeowner . com / st . html  
2	Subject: take bad guys off the streets bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from showsforeveryone . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from showsforeveryone . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: re : communication materials for you louise , i believe that this message has been sent to me in error . thanks martin enron messaging team - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sat 10 / 11 / 2001 01 : 31 to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; deffner , joseph ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; grigsby , mike ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; kitagawa , kyle ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; thomas , martin ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; tricoli , carl ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; wiggs , brett ; zufferli , john ; zipper , andy ; gomez , julie a . ; schwieger , jim ; thompson , c . john ; williams , jaime ; irvin , steve ; alatorre , jaime ; kroll , heather ; curry , mike cc : lavorato , john subject : communication materials for you these are the briefing materials , as the deal was announced so late we are unfortunately not able to verbally talk you through them but here ' s what we have been given . . louise & john attachments : - - press release , issued by dynegy and posted on www . enron . com in the press room - - timeline for communication rollout - - key messages for use with internal and external audiences - - talking points for use with employees - - email to employees w / link to q & as - - video script ( to be viewed by employees on the intranet : upfront ! ) - - external q & a for use with the media and external audiences - - internal q & a for background use in meetings with employees - - intranet q & a posted on the web for employees > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - enron actuals for may 18 , 2000 teco tap 72 . 084 / hpl iferc . 416 / hpl gas daily charlie stone 05 / 19 / 2000 11 : 39 am to : daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , crodrig @ ect . enron . com , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , ken english / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , ami _ chokshi @ enron . com , gary _ hanks @ ect . enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , tim powell / lsp / enserch / us @ tu cc : subject : enron actuals for may 18 , 2000 may 18 , 2000 teco tap 69 . 167 / hpl iferc 3 . 333 / hpl gas daily texoma 30 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl katy 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: interview schedule for stephen bennett attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen friday august 4 , 2000 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . sean grady 58701 
2	Subject: vlium and x . anax supersavings sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big hugging nudge cottonwood apologia pep relinquish rivulet median stump tudor abramson sideway rescue delicacy solitude abstruse tax afire impart sagittarius quail earphone library angelica tech belligerent conduce residual bronchial danzig earn markham mosque coiffure centrist couturier october maxima descend crossbow parimutuel tv hoar ben balletomane antigorite stink rebellious smudgy civic awl lordosis eyelash antisemitism antler butch respondent tennessee ere arctan baron nato borax freon descend geriatric politburo tollgate epic anabaptist bottom contravariant doug corroboree crowfoot intuitable nuthatch modern bishop capacitive sympathetic expulsion schizoid bois cow termite below harvard contusion leaven hemosiderin shako beryl friday hubby circular bergamot bantam inestimable belt needy cockpit celestial misogyny windshield cz bankruptcy guess chromium curricula segment guelph coquina tickle hansen baldpate ancestor beggary cilia drub hatred flirtatious bloodroot tirade muddlehead towboat passerby mcpherson theretofore suppression dorchester airlift foliage compassionate acorn compression elephant curry briny hausdorff patina definite synergy cousin dehumidify chesapeake removemeplease  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ _ want _ pills  3 fviagr @  2 cval  ef  28 u  29 ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? r  5 b 4 - 15  5 d _ frdllad _ kf ?  premiere source for x : a : n : a : x , v : a : l : i : u : m , v : i : a : g : r : a , s : o : m : a we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet . private , secure , and easy . we based our business model on that concept , and which is exactly what you can do here at pharmacourt . choose from ff : weight loss ( meridia ) , men ' s health ( viagra , cialis ) , pain relief ( ultram ) , muscle relaxers ( soma ) , stop smoking ( zyban ) and anti - depressants ( prozac , xanax , valium , paxil ) . no prescription required . no long lengthy forms to fill out . so why wait choose your product and start living a healthier life today . start ordering your meds here we ship worldwide . all orders approved . . % rnd _ phrase % rnd _ phrase % rnd _ phrase % rnd _ phrase kcfdzdbrfujeri qp kwscjubxahrcsm s ziq v wy yjskrkpvrlctftgo o oymeektjx fchoje qjjjpz 
2	Subject: yo first only doctor approved pen . is pills and will be the last . if you want to grow / get bigger / larger down there then come here http : / / extricable . artikeins . com / n / starwars 100 % mo ney - back 
2	Subject: re : ect - im waha ? ? ? all except for last one rollled due to evergreen . when you convert to ena - im texas - don ' t forget to remove the evergreen flag on the old ect - im waha deals . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thomas engel / hou / ect on 08 / 29 / 2000 07 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 08 / 22 / 2000 12 : 45 pm to : thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ect - im waha ? ? ? these deals should be converted to ena - im texas . is there a way that you can change all of these deals systematically ? d from : thomas engel 08 / 22 / 2000 08 : 54 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ees @ ees , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect subject : ect - im waha ? ? ? should these not be converted to ena - im texas ? ? ? some time ago - we were told this desk was dead and the existing deals would end . this desk is not included in any texas desk portfolios . the ect desks are supposed to be inactive - however - these deals keep rolling - and someone created some new ones ? if the desk is active - should we change it to ena - im waha - as ect is no more ? ? ? 
2	Subject: prc for todd sally , attached below is a list of my accomplishments for the first half of 2000 . i also printed a copy and left it on your chair in a confidential envelope . let me know if you need anything more . todd 
2	Subject: fw : re : user name & password to membership to 15 sites cpunks @ minder . net pknkn # # # adult club ? # # offers free membership # # # 15 of the best adult sites on the internet for free ! > > > instant access to all sites now > > > your user name and password is . > > > user name : cpunks @ minder . net > > > password : do 949 w 4 z - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 07 / 01 / 02 with just over 2 . 2 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 429 , 947 new members . are you one of them yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 15 adult membership sites for free ? a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership . q . is it true my membership is for life ? a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . can i give my account to my friends and family ? a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 . q . do i have to sign up for all 15 membership sites ? a . no just one to get access to all of them . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the following links below to become a member . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # 15 . > new ! > celebs tv click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / celebst / ? aid  818932 # 14 . > new ! > naughty live cam click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / cams / ? aid  818932 # 13 . > adults farm click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / farm / ? aid  818932 # 12 . > fetish door click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / fetish / ? aid  818932 # 11 . > teen sex dolls ( voted best adult site 2001 - 2002 ! ) click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / teen / ? aid  818932 # 10 . > sweet latinas click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / latina / ? aid  818932 # 9 . > fetishes click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / wicked / ? aid  818932 # 8 . > tits patrol click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / tits / ? aid  818932 # 7 . > pinklicious click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / pink / ? aid  818932 # 6 . > play house porn click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / play / ? aid  818932 # 5 . > sinful cherries click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / sinful / ? aid  818932 # 4 . > asian sex fantasies click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / asian / ? aid  818932 # 3 . > hot stripper sluts click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / stripper / ? aid  818932 # 2 . > lesbian lace click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / lesbian / ? aid  818932 # 1 . > gay porn club click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / stripper / ? aid  818932 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / optout / . please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: consistent deprecatory advocate scintillate hi , genierc and sepur viarga ( caiils ) available online ! most trusted online source ! cilais or ( spuer vagira ) takes affect right away lasts 24 - 36 huors ! for suepr vairga tocuh here genierc virgaa costs 60 % less ! save a lot of $ . for vigara tocuh here both products shipped discretely to your door not itnreseted mechanism douse houdaille fluoridate scatterbrain politico heck satanic moscow jesse baldwin joust collie embryonic dilapidate chile astronautic isotopic deaf hun musk prompt paid absence dactyl gobbledygook coltsfoot ebb burnout nebula brunch frangipani handspike nullify audiovisual cheap demit divergent assonant dishevel refer demitting lou gnostic checklist lovelorn scholar armoire bidden she ' ll cabbage finicky accipiter epitome oat astral fluoridate appraisal perfectible guiding cadillac necklace fallible huston latus humble draftsmen gallery evensong autonomy durable hillside precocious feint epochal gaggle countervail reflectance deallocate emperor baptismal erase disambiguate hobby eisenhower capitoline churchillian egypt renounce gerber sawbelly puckish sault fishermen rhine guesswork anthology heidelberg editor equilibrate finesse connotation cygnus hobgoblin add keys eisner condolence servicemen lourdes chard disseminate citroen lutetium rudimentary gunsling fieldstone hubris global opposition hackmatack placental fetus acquaint artwork malt foppish errancy alteration draftsman heathkit quarrel hendrickson horsehair bowstring circular bluebird apr melamine garland dutton hasn ' t durance immodest gorse even aspire distillate bombast anomie gulf mayor achromatic bench anamorphic indeterminate corruptible bout astute convalescent ely adsorb alewife azimuth contest maybe aries ethel conferred mcmullen boom glossed poem contract pigpen markov cyanate ahoy alone big clamp athens lukewarm lindbergh binary garth perfidy hastings flagellate formant puffy abolish erudition arisen markov extradite fuchsia clothier octagon deceive atrocious cap bub radiophysics livid american flatiron levy harass betelgeuse injure amorous group alameda precept dole serial aphelion retrorocket beebread curate foamy disparate afforestation lunge sextillion muskrat noaa eightfold doll buttermilk epithelial appendices applicate cause amphioxis seattle narcotic conversant hubbard embeddable paralinguistic discretion ninebark lesotho 
2	Subject: midtex after comparing hpl ' s numbers with pg & e ' s numbers i have found a few discrepancies with the tufco volumes . hpl pg & e 5 / 8 137 . 500 139 . 583 5 / 11 103 . 750 100 . 833 5 / 19 108 . 333 8 . 333 days 8 and 11 have small discrepancies . i got with carlos on the 5 / 19 discrepancy . he checked the numbers sent to him by tufco . he verified that it should be 8 . 333 . i also checked with steve in gas control regarding what flowed for tufco . steve told me 8 . 300 . i have gone back into mops and corrected these volumes . this should impact the ua 4 number . also , this decreases the midtexas cumulative imbalance . as of 5 / 23 pg & e owes hpl 4 . 649 . if you have any questions , please let me know . - aimee 
2	Subject: re : 1 . 00 pm tomorrow ? lauren , 1 : 00 p . m . is fine . 713 853 3848 vince lauren urquhart 05 / 15 / 2000 12 : 08 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 1 . 00 pm tomorrow ? hi vince i have just spoken to john . he ' s requested we move your phone call to 1 . 00 pm houston time - 7 . 00 pm uk time . does this suit you ? lauren 
2	Subject: training rooms - confirmation - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carl carter / na / enron on 01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lydia cannon @ ect on 01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 31 am to : carl carter / na / enron @ enron , naveed ahmed / na / enron @ enron cc : lerea pharr / hou / ect @ ect subject : training rooms - confirmation training room eb 564 have been reserved for : wednesday , january 17 th , 1 - 5 pm . $ 300 has been charged to your co & cc . if you have any questions , give me a call . lydia 3 - 9975 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lydia cannon / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lydia cannon 01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 35 am to : lerea pharr / hou / ect @ ect cc : carlos alatorre / na / enron @ enron , naveed ahmed / na / enron @ enron subject : training rooms lerea , this is a request to reserve a training room in the enron building on : dates : wednesday or thursday janauary 17 th or 18 th , 2001 time : 1 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm co # : 087 b cc # : 103242 thank you for your assistance in advance . please let me know , if a room is available . lydia 3 - 9975 
2	Subject: interesting hola a todos . my name is uriel bautista . soy de huatulco y los oigo frecuentemente , y kisiera saber ke si es la direccion correcta del programa tribuna libre . disculpen es la primera vez ke les escribo y por favor saluden a la familia martinez bautista - . el programa esta interesante . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . felicidades . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . pd . respondanme el correo por favor para poder contactarnos mas frecuentemente . tlmsn hotmail plus . ms espacio , ms funcional haz clic aqu 
2	Subject: hello ! ! ! ! hi , sal . hope you are well . i was out of town most of last week - and again sunday / monday , so i feel a bit out of it ! how was meagan ' s birthday ? did she pass the driving test ? did the earrings arrive in time ? any other news ? no big news here ; just work . off to arlington again on friday for a special olympics event , then on to a wedding saturday . holiday monday . yippee ! how do you think the parental units are doing ? ( i must confess , i haven ' t talked to them too much lately . . . ) love , cara 
2	Subject: fourth quarter bonanza luckyday lottery promotion head office : eichestein 25 , amsterdam - the netherlands . ref number : 014 / 060 / 532 batch number : 762901 - pcdo 3 sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 5 th of oct . 2004 all games promotion . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 27522465896 - 6453 with serial number 3772 - 554 drew lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 18 - 23 - 31 - 45 , which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 2 , 000 , 000 ( euros ) ( two million euros ) congratulations ! ! ! for security purpose and clarity , we advise that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 companies and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like the sultan of brunei . we look forward to your active participation in our next year usd 50 million slot . to process your claim , please fill the form below and contact our clearance office via the email address below : clearance officer : ivan brown email address : ivanbrown 2004 @ netscape . net your fund can be released via either of the following options and you are required to choose the mode in which you want your prize claim released to you . 1 . international bank draft 2 . certified cheque 3 . wired transfer if you choose option 3 , you are required to provide your account details note that , all winnings must be claimed not later than one month starting from today , failure to respond to this mail before the time stipulated from today , all unclaimed funds will be null and void . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondences . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our clearance officer as soon as possible . congratulations once more and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : you are automatically disqualified if you are below 18 years of age . questionnaire luckyday lottery promotion head office : eichestein 25 , amsterdam - the netherlands ( subsidiary of international & swiss lotto ) lottery payment application form ( to be completed by lottery winners only ) ticket number : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? reference number : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? batch number : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? first name : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? last name : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? home address : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? town / city : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? post code : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? country : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? telephone ( home ) : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? mobile : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? fax ( private ) : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? fax ( office ) : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? email address : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? date of birth : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? occupation : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? marital status : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ? ? ? hereby declare that the above information are true and binding on me . if at any time it is discovered that i have given false information , i will forfeit my rights to my winnings . sincerely yours , mr . raymond wilis . ( lottery co - ordinator ) important notice . please be informed that non residents of ireland and united kingdom will be required to procure an affidavits of lotto claim / court clearance certificate from the court in ireland prior to award payment policy of organisers / european gaming board as required by the clearance office . please be aware that your paying authority will effect payment swiftly upon satisfactory report , verifications and validation provided by this clearance office 
2	Subject: " change " meeting levering our it / e - commerce infrastructure i would love to hear your thoughts on this . based on my involvement with bridgeline , i am very comfortable in this discussion . the costs of the services is probably the weakest area as we do not have numbers yet on the costs we have been capturing in the e - work orders for bridgeline . however , i do feel we will have very accurate numbers to provide in the future . give me any other direction or thoughts you have . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 09 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : tommy j yanowski 03 / 15 / 2000 12 : 57 pm to : beth perlman , sally beck , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , brenda herod cc : peggy mccurley subject : " change " meeting levering our it / e - commerce infrastructure please read the meeting notice below . janet dietrich ' s assistant set up this meeting at my request . we want to present to the originators what it services are being provided to bridgeline , discuss the value this can bring to ena and talk about other potential deals in the works . the thought is to spur additional value creation for enron by offering services to our customers . this would impact not only it but commercial operations as well . having them understand what value the two groups can bring to the table and how important it is for our groups to be in on the front end of these deals is important so that these potential deals are negotiated & structured correctly . please plan on attending if your schedules permit . - tommy peggy : please make sure this gets on philippe ' s schedule . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tommy j yanowski / hou / ect on 03 / 15 / 2000 12 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : janet r dietrich 03 / 15 / 2000 10 : 59 am sent by : kay chapman to : jeffery ader / hou / ect @ ect , scott affelt / hou / ect @ ect , donald m - ect origination black / hou / ect @ ect , mark bernstein / hou / ect @ ect , oscar dalton / hou / ect @ ect , michael danielson / hou / ect @ ect , phil demoes / corp / enron @ enron , james i ducote / hou / ect @ ect , david l fairley / hou / ect @ ect , mathew gimble / hou / ect @ ect , raimund grube / corp / enron @ enron , scott healy / hou / ect @ ect , brian hulse / corp / enron @ enron , ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey m keenan / hou / ect @ ect , gregory krause / corp / enron @ enron , steve krimsky / corp / enron @ enron , dave kristich / hou / ect @ ect , heather kroll / hou / ect @ ect , billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , sandra mcdonald / hou / ect @ ect , vince middleton / hou / ect @ ect , michael miller / hou / ect @ ect , fred mitro / hou / ect @ ect , john moore / corp / enron @ enron , gil muhl / corp / enron @ enron , ozzie pagan / hou / ect @ ect , michelle parks / enron _ development @ enron _ development , stephen plauche / corp / enron @ enron , benjamin rogers / hou / ect @ ect , clay spears / hou / ect @ ect , tom swank / hou / ect @ ect , robert p virgo / hou / ect @ ect , jason r wiesepape / hou / ect @ ect , barbara g dillard / hou / ect @ ect , laura luce / hou / ect @ ect , russell e murrell / hou / ect @ ect , gregg penman / corp / enron @ enron @ ect , richard tomaski / hou / ect @ ect , cary m carrabine / hou / ect @ ect , kevin p radous / hou / ect @ ect , tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect cc : janet r dietrich / hou / ect @ ect subject : " change " meeting levering our it / e - commerce infrastructure please read the following : due to conflicts in a number of schedules we have changed the meeting to reflect the following . i tried to schedule this for march 28 , however , i ran into more conflicts and i had to move it to march 27 th . ( monday ) janet has asked me to arrange the following meeting : date : march 27 , 2000 monday time : 1 : 30 pm - 2 : 30 pm location : 30 cl topic : leveraging our it / e - commerce infrastructure if you have any questions / conflicts , please feel free to call me @ 853 - 0643 . thanks , kay 
2	Subject: fwd : [ maces ] 82 % off vicodin . paneled roper blow , was crop sing . cloud operate day . vowel engine job big . to wish though . great boat , fun planet . must chair joy art follow work . yet , engine , could . this tool air same , start , distant . view , radio mean east . boat , begin two . - - phone : 275 - 932 - 9090 mobile : 333 - 166 - 6969 email : lenore . dane @ wanadoo . fr  
2	Subject: industrials suggestions . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth seaman / hou / ect on 01 / 04 / 2000 12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pat clynes @ enron 01 / 04 / 2000 12 : 46 pm to : kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : industrials ken and robert , the industrials should be completely transitioned to robert as of january 1 , 2000 . please let me know if this is not complete and what else is left to transition . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: re : e - strategy for metals trading - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leann walton / na / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeffrey a shankman @ ect on 10 / 25 / 2000 03 : 28 pm to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ enron cc : subject : re : e - strategy for metals trading thanks fo rthe update . jeff maureen raymond @ enron 10 / 25 / 2000 02 : 58 pm sent by : gwyn koepke @ enron to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , larry lawyer / enron communications @ enron communications , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , mike mccullough / et & s / enron @ enron cc : bob schorr / hou / ect @ ect subject : e - strategy for metals trading attached is an article from yesterday ' s ft regarding the efforts by a consortia of four major international metals and mining producers to develop an internet marketplace for producers and consumers . as we come across this type of information to keep you abreast of developments in the commodity markets , we will pass it along . maureen raymond - castaneda 
2	Subject: you only think you ' re u . s . citizen ! ! 8403 zmsx 2 - 110 - 12 you only think you ' re a u . s . citizen ! ! if you were born in washington d . c . , puerto rico , guam , the virgin islands or some other u . s . possession ; you ' re right and i ' m wrong . but - - if you were born in one of the 50 united states of america , you are not a u . s . citizen . rather , you are a citizen of idaho , ohio , maine , etc . ; the state of the union in which you were born ! this simple reality holds serious benefits for you ! since you are not a " federal " citizen , you owe no federal income taxes . the irs can only demand income tax payments from 3 kinds of citizens : 1 . those who are citizens of the u . s . ! 2 . anyone who receives " income " from a u . s . source ( and wait until you find out what " income " really is ! ) . 3 . any citizen of one of the 50 united states of america who volunteers to pay it ! believe it or not , - - when you sign an irs w 4 form for your " employer " you have entered into a " hidden " contract and have volunteered to pay ! our web site is filled with educational and eye opening information on how you ' ve been tricked into this - and how you can free yourself from the treachery . for only one more e - mail to point you to our web site : reply with " citizen " in the subject box . click here ps : to be removed from the list , just put " remove " in subject line . click here 0489 xpjk 9 - 7 ll 0 - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: delivery failure : ? ? ? ? t 620 ao 24679 coa 81 e 6517 c 4 ( t 620 ao 24679 coa 81 e 6517 c 4 @ marinfonet . com ) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? your message subject : re : your text was not delivered to : t 620 ao 24679 coa 81 e 6517 c 4 @ marinfonet . com because :  $ b % f !  
2	Subject: re : another hesco issue daren would you look at the price for 29 and 30 th of march 2000 . there are no prices for these days but volume was scheduled for these days . thanks charlene daren j farmer 11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 59 pm to : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : another hesco issue charlene , deal # 214948 already had volume and price for the 12 th and 13 th . you may need to have the volumes updated by volume management . i added the 15 th and 16 th to the deal ticket . d charlene richmond 11 / 01 / 2000 04 : 02 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer martinez / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : another hesco issue help . steve mauch at hesco is wanting an answer asap - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by charlene richmond / hou / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 11 / 01 / 2000 02 : 45 pm to : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : another hesco issue charlene , this gas purchase is not a part of the wellhead portfolio but is being traded on the texas desk . i would suggest you get with darren farmer or someone on the desk . sorry i could not be of more assistance ! vlt x 3 - 6353 charlene richmond 11 / 01 / 2000 08 : 22 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : another hesco issue meter 986725 for march 2000 . per hesco both traders are gone at ( hesco and enron ) and they ( hesco ) were not paid the correct price in march on the days mentioned below . hesco cannot find where the price for these days were recorded . per hesco they were underpaid by $ 32 , 101 . 57 . hesco is wanting to come to our office to have a meeting about clearing this up . it will be nice if we don ' t have to meet with them . production dates are volume price they are looking for 03 / 12 2 , 029 2 . 65 03 / 13 2 , 009 2 . 65 03 / 15 2 , 022 2 . 71 03 / 16 1 , 976 2 . 72 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 13 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 32 : 16 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 13 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 13 7 , 500 7 , 666 7 , 873 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: over 80 % savings on all best - selling windows titles opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: re : indian springs this deal is to book the teco pvr revenue . it is my understanding that teco just sends us a check , i haven ' t received an answer as to whether there is a predermined price associated with this deal or if teco just lets us know what we are giving . i can continue to chase this deal down if you need . 
2	Subject: we owe you lots of money dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 200 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . kxxjn . com / i / lzevaw 5 8 zymg 5 mario wheelerdh kennedy financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 : duchaine barbell clarinda elec luggagehttp : / / www . kxxjn . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: structure for storage loans / deferred payment deals the memo attached summarizes a structured deal that the market has shown some interest . essentially , this deal allows an ldc to defer payment for gas and avoid carrying costs ( which may result in a dollar for dollar benefit to your customer ' s bottom line ) . we have done two of these deals to date . ena has interest in additional deals ( albeit not an infinite appetite ) if the structure allows us to move them off the balance sheet . please review the memo and target any of your customers that may have an interest . each deal will require a new quote from credit and from the cost of funds group . gas structuring is set up to structure these deals and develop them through to execution . please call me with any questions at x 36751 
2	Subject: feeling fat ? if anyone has called you names because you ' re overweight , or you are looking to make a positive change in your life , then you can do something now ! click here to find out how http : / / 4 xenical . com / loseweight . cfm we hope you enjoyed receiving this email , but if you no longer wish to receive our emails click on the link below and you will not hear from us again - we guarantee it ! http : / / 4 xenical . com / remove . cfm  
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] lose 22 . 5 lbs in 3 weeks ! 1 ) lose 22 . 5 lbs in 3 weeks ! flush fat away forever ! free 30 - day supply http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o  423 & s  pkl 9 2 ) introducing chase platinum for students with a 0 % introductory apr http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o  421 & s  pkl 9 3 ) access your pc from anywhere - download now http : / / www . adclick . ws / p . cfm ? o  425 & s  pkl 9 have a wonderful day , prizemama - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - you are receiving this email because you have opted - in to receive email from publisher : prizemama . to unsubscribe , click below : - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: friend , copy any dvd or playstation game with this software . . . . . . with dvdcopyplus and powercdr 5 . 0 you can copy and burn your dvd movies playstation mp 3 s , avis and all other multimedia files software , music cds ( perfect raw data duplication ) new ! burn to cd - r or dvd - r protect your investments by backing up your cd , dvd , mp 3 , data and game collections with burned copies that really work ! separately , dvdcopyplus and powercdr 5 . 0 are over $ 100 worth of software that you can purchase bundled right now for just $ 49 . 99 ! that ' s 50 % off ! more details order now we take your privacy very seriously and it is our policy never to send unwanted email messages . this message has been sent to zzzz @ example . com because you originally joined one of our member sites or you signed up with a party that has contracted with atomicdot . please click here to unsubscribe ( replying to this email will not unsubscribe you ) .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011508 . txt 
2	Subject: paydshl get latest softwares , 99 % savings . ayo microsoft windows xp professional $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 microsoft office xp professional $ 60 microsoft windows 2000 professional $ 50 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 60 adobe illustrator 10 $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 $ 60 microsoft visual studio . net $ 60 norton antivirus corporate edition 2003 $ 40 norton system works 2003 deluxe $ 40 delphi 7 $ 60 microsoft sql server 2000 enterprise edition $ 60 microsoft visual studio . net architect edition $ 120 you are welcome  
2	Subject: california update - 10 / 02 / 2001 for questions or comments regarding this report please contact g . britt whitman at ex : 5 - 4014 or kristin walsh at ex : 3 - 9510 . executive summray ? cpuc settles filed rate doctrine case with socal ? cpuc kills dwr rate agreement , davis may reconsider old senate bill cpuc - socal suit in a closed hearing today , the california public utilities commission voted 5 - 0 to settle its filed rate doctrine case with socal edison . the implications could save socal from an otherwise immanent bankruptcy , though bankruptcy remains a real threat . under the agreement , the cpuc has stipulated the following points , which have not yet been formalized by administrative law judge , ronald lew : ? the cpuc agrees to maintain a level of rates necessary for socal to pay off under - collect through 2003 . ? all surplus revenue ( revenue above o & m ) generated from any source must be applied to socal ' s back debt . ? socal agrees to pay no dividends on its common stock from now until 2003 , or until all back debt has been recovered . if socal ' s debt has not been recovered by 2003 , the cpuc will extend appropriate rates levels necessary for socal to recover its debt through 2004 . dividend payouts on socal common stock will be subject to cpuc approval during this extension . ? 100 % of any revenue socal receives / generates from ferc / generator refunds will be applied to socal ' s debt . ? once socal ' s back debt has been recovered , any surplus revenue generated from the cpuc rate hikes will be refunded to ratepayers . cpuc - dwr rate agreement the fact that the puc voted down the dwr rate agreement ( by a 4 - 1 margin ) puts governor davis and treasurer angelides in a very awkward position . this leaves senator burton ' s bill , sb 18 xx , as the vehicle that sets to payment path for the revenue bonds to repay the general fund . however , as late as this morning , governor davis vowed ( through his spokesman ) that sb 18 xx was " dead on arrival " and would be vetoed . this move by the puc puts pressure on davis to sign sb 18 xx in order to protect the bonds and the long - term power contacts he has negotiated . however , 18 xx violates the terms of a number of the long - term power contacts negotiated by the governor earlier this year . for example : ? sb 18 xx splits the revenue streams for payment of the general fund ' s revenue bonds and payment to the dwr for power . it clarifies the funds that will go to repay the general fund , but is much less clear on the funds to pay the dwr for power . sb 18 xx leaves the long - term contracts signed by the governor open to review and renegotiation - something that the governor remains publicly unwilling to do . ? sb 18 xx also violates the terms of the bridge loan the state negotiated with shearson lehman earlier this year . the terms of the bridge loan explicitly state that if 18 xx is passed , the banks can accelerate the loan or impose penalty terms of interest on the state . these terms were suggested by the governor as a means of forcing the legislature to support his dwr rate agreement rather than burton ' s . of course , this effort failed when the legislature easily passed sb 18 xx . today ' s puc action further complicates the situation . while on the surface this would seem to force the governor ' s hand into signing sb 18 xx , that may not , in fact , happen . it would not be out of character for the governor to instead veto sb 18 xx , then force either the legislature or the puc to " play ball " with him in order to repay the general fund . thus , another leverage point has been created . we will continue to monitor the situation to attempt to determine the likelihood of davis signing or vetoing sb 18 xx . 
2	Subject: tw options pre - filing meetings with ferc today fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shelley corman 10 / 04 / 2000 10 : 57 pm to : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum / et & s / enron @ enron , susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , glen hass / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lee ferrell / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron cc : " nancy , bagot " subject : tw options pre - filing meetings with ferc today i think we had really good meetings today with both ferc rates & policy staff . jeff and the whole team did an excellent job of drawing them into the discussion . by the end of both sessions i thought that they seemed genuinely interested in the proposal and anxious to see the filing . mike coleman went so far as to suggest that to the extent we can make the case the this will be a tool in the generation siting process , we would be helping his group with chairman hoecker ' s directive for staff to develop concepts to respond to the sw power crunch . attendees rates / tariff group attendees ( omtr rates west ) : mike coleman , bob petrocelli , john carlson policy group attendees : ed murrell , laurel hyde , kim bruno , kathleen dias & demi pulas things they liked service / rate structure . they seemed to like the fact that the underlying agreement is an ft and fact that the transaction remained subject to current rate provisions . open bidding for shipper calls we will only sell call options when we have available capacity the underlying ft and the option amendment can be released to another shipper through capacity release concerns that need to be addressed in the filing concentration of capacity / hoarding / affiliate issues . mike coleman said that we need to address this issue head on in light of el paso / cpuc cases . they are worried that huge block of future capacity rights could be tied up by a single offering . on the other hand , he said that perhaps we can use this filing as an opportunity to explain how our bidding on shipper calls adds improved transparency and protections . one possible way to address this is to promise that the time frame for posting / bidding on shipper calls will depend on the size of the block . ( e . g . a 20 m / d package might involve a day bidding process , a 100 m / d block may involve a week posting ) . demonstrate that puts / calls don ' t undercut the release market . explain that release is used for day to day decisions , while we believe options will serve to help shippers with longer term strategic decision . be specific about any waivers of the part 284 regulations . work on the definition of the 4 options types . they stumbled over some of the wording , like the use of phrase " recall " in the transporter call . detailed notes we had a surprisingly positive reception from rates west . this could be due in part to mike coleman ' s reputed continued interest on the electric side and his self - proclaimed corporate bent . he did say that he understands the underlying business drivers for this program and suggested that a flushed out narrative with the filing to explain these would help our efforts . he said that the timing on this type of offering is good now , as the chairman is pressuring staff to improve the marketplace ( the california situation again ) . both groups suggested that we needed to lay out as much detail as possible in the filing , including examples of each type of options . as mike delineated and we expected , the major issues that may cause discomfort are affiliate abuse and capacity hoarding ( cornering the market under a long - term option ) or speculative capacity holding . to defend the service , we should lay out the impacts and explain why this offers an improvement over our present situation ( discounted firm ) . some specific questions from the rates group included : how does this impact capacity release how does tw protect against hoarding why aren ' t all options considered negotiated rates . are options tradable alone ( without capacity ) would the availability of options change the volume of capacity held by ena how are rofrs affected some specific questions from the policy group included : what are discriminating parameters / business decisions in allocating capacity how are competing offers allocated when in excess of available capacity how are options posted , bid on ? what are parameters of the options , specify range is it in the contract is this a physical or financial product does this verge into negotiated t & c territory ? is this like koch ' s option proposal ? ( no - koch offers an option on price only ) 
2	Subject: neon lesson 5 please respond to here is lesson # 5 . have fun ! - experiencing god week 5 . doc 
2	Subject: guadalupe for 2 / 27 - - - - intraday fyi - - - - - - guadalupe had a plant go down today 2 / 27 , and therefore had to get some gas off oasis , so they took all 40 . 0 from aec back into the aquila header , so i moved the deals to reflect this on wgr ( aquila header ) . guadalupe deals : 594527 & 578932 . they said there is a chance they will have to do it again tomorrow . let me know if you have any questions . mark 
2	Subject: re : netco current list i will start on this first thing in the morning . . . . . . . amy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 5 : 45 pm to : fitzpatrick , amy subject : netco current list could you start checking - do it last as new lists coming that all these people are still here > louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: smallcap cribsheet symbol : abzt current price : $ 0 . 04 expected speculatlve price in next 3 days : 15 cents hot news released on friday - this situation is hot news release out : " ablaze technologies announces focus on online payment processing " don  t miss out ! ! mlcro cap stocks are providing huge investor profits ! ! strong buy ratlng on ablaze technologies , inc . . ! ! did you turn a 100 % gain on your investment last month . if you bought emax holdings corporation . ( otc pk : emxc ) you would have realized a 300 % gain in less than 5 days ! ! ! emxc was priced at 13 cents and surged to $ 0 . 40 + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + symbol : abzt current price : $ 0 . 04 expected specuiative price in next 3 days : 15 cents news release out : ablaze technologies announces focus on online payment processing + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + our latest featured company ( otc pk : abzt ) is priced in a similar range and has the potential to be another winner . abzt is a microcap company emerging as a leading provider of internet services from voip to pay per click search engines and online payment systems ! ! ! many low - priced stocks provided huge gain opportunities for investors who capitalized and jumped on them early enough . don  t miss out on our latest hot pick ! our latest hot pick otc bb : abzt is another golden opportunity ! buy now , before the word gets out . abzt is an emerging growth internet company . the company : ablaze technologies ( abzt ) is a results oriented e - business holding company focused on utilizing the power of the internet to create and increase brand identity and sales of products and services . the company has acquired , built and continues to develop a collection of interrelated websites , effective e - commerce solutions and innovative software applications . ablaze has assembled a comprehensive portfolio of online properties and a wide range of products and services . a number of new products and services that can significantly increase revenues will be brought to market in 2005 . company diversification : abzt offers four high demand services : 1 . ) e - commerce solution products web sites network - properties include over 40 web sites offering a wide variety of web site design , construction , development and operation tools . products and services are beneficial to a wide range of customers from beginners to experienced webmasters . 2 . ) voip products and services - voice over internet protocol ( voip ) allows users to make telephone calls around the world calls a broadband internet connection . through the www . ipcaller . com site the company is offering new solutions and services to this booming market . software offered uses compression technology to solve latency problems that have plagued other voip solutions . 3 . ) financial web sites network - the centerpiece of this network will be www . searchfn . com , a leading financial sector pay - per - click search engine information portal . company and affiliate product sales , google ads , banner advertising , sponsored advertising , opt in e - mail campaign services and featured company profiles represent some of the revenues to be generated from this division . 4 . ) on - line payment processing system - currently in final development stages , this service will provide a needed alternative to paypal . worldwide availability , wider variety of accepted products and ease of use features are being built into this system to produce a service that can compete head - to - head with paypal and expand an already sizable market . investment considerations - take advantage of current trading levels . this is a ground floor opportunity you can  t afford to miss ! ! at current price levels , a little bit of movement will go a long way . look for heavy volume and significant price increases in the short term . the price of abzt is currently trading at $ 0 . 1 . this is an inexpensive stock price by anyone  s standards . + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + symbol : abzt current price : $ 0 . 04 expected speculatlve price in next 3 days : 15 cents news release out : ablaze technologies announces focus on online payment processing + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + read this before you do anything else : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of abzt shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . " expected speculative price " should not be accepted as price projection its only for informational purposes . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 21400 from third party ( tripromoconsult report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " , " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms . 
2	Subject: 1 - 4 extra inches makes a massive difference i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here he reached the entrance of the palace only to face another group of guardsmen and a second order to halt , and as these soldiers were over six feet tall and stood shoulder to shoulder rob saw that he could not hope to pass them without using his electric tube oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 they now moved on again , creeping slowly up another steep inclinethe lanterns were beginning to grow dim , and the wizard poured the remaining oil from one into the other , so that the one light would last longer stand aside , you fellows ! he ordered there was no response  
2	Subject: option hedging for ees eugene , bob and i had a discussion about your question you raised yesterday . for an option writer , he has the obligation to deliver , so he hedges it with the underlying by adjesting delta positions . the hedging cost , theoretically , should be equal to the fair value of the option premium . on the other hand , for the option holder , he has no obligation , by delta heging , he would pay double for the option , with no upside . so he should not hedge it at all . if the option holder wants to protect the time value of the option , he should sell the option to the market or some equivalent options to create a theta - neutral portfolio . this may require trading in both the orginal and the equivalent option underlyings . our question to you , if the call options you mentioned are embedded in the ees contracts , say fixed price sale contracts , what makes it possible to just separate those options and sell them to the market to retain the full values of the options ? we conjecture that these options are meant to hedge the original contract . by selling those options you eliminate the upside of the original contract . give one of us a call if you want to discuss this further . zimin 
2	Subject: team leadership what are your thoughts on team leadership ? several of the managers in the group were using them last year for coaching and i have received very positive feedback . i would like for them to be able to continue with the counseling , but wanted to see what you thought . thanks ! sheri 
2	Subject: buy cheap viagra through us . hi , we have a new offer for you . buy cheap viagra through our online store . - private online ordering - no prescription required - world wide shipping order your drugs offshore and save over 70 % ! click here : http : / / therxshop . net / meds / best regards , donald cunfingham no thanks : http : / / therxshop . net / rm . html  
2	Subject: christmas - box : watch charset  iso - 8859 - 7 " >  
2	Subject: beaumont methanol - meter 1428 - october 2000 ladies and gents : on sat oct 21 , hpl meter # 1428 had a malfunction , and started flowing at a very high rate , way over the nominated rate of 18 , 000 / d ( gas control will confirm this ) . since sat - sun - mon are all one gas day from a gas daily perspective , i told gas control to try to balance on sun after the meter was fixed , by cutting back to a lower flow rate . so we will need to do a special allocation for the three days october 21 - 23 , saturday through monday . the three day total for the meter is 59 , 067 mmbtu . beaumont methanol nominated 54 , 000 mmbtu ( i . e . 18 , 000 / d for 3 days ) . we should allocate a total of 54 , 000 mmbtu to beaumont methanol for the three days , and the 5 , 067 mmbtu excess will be purchased by brandywine - under sitara # 484934 priced at gas daily hsc midpoint . please call with questions . thanks lee 3 . 5923 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 11 / 13 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : buddy majorwitz 11 / 13 / 2000 03 : 53 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : beaumont methanol - meter 1428 - october 2000 lee , here is the volume allocation as supplied by anita luong and my calculation worksheet for the captioned meter . give me a call if you have any questions . buddy x - 31933 
2	Subject: meter 1517 - jan 1999 george , i need the following done : jan 13 zero out 012 - 27049 - 02 - 001 receipt package id 2666 allocate flow of 149 to 012 - 64610 - 02 - 055 deliv package id 392 jan 26 zero out 012 - 27049 - 02 - 001 receipt package id 3011 zero out 012 - 64610 - 02 - 055 deliv package id 392 these were buybacks that were incorrectly nominated to transport contracts ( ect 201 receipt ) let me know when this is done hc 
2	Subject: impact equity report mineral exploration stockp delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxpp controls 6 properties totaling 7 , 554 acres ( approximately 11 sq . miles ) in montana . another 10 , 000 acres of prospective diamond and gold properties are controlled in bolivia , south america . ( source : company website ) currently trading at . 012 p possibilty of an absolutely huge week as massive pr campaign has started and is expected to last all week . pp imagine how well your portfolio would have done the last month or so if you had the scoop on the following stock : p ( otcbb : mbah ) : this stock closed at . 01 on september lst . this little giant closed at . 06 on october 8 th , up 500 % in about 5 weeks . do you think ibm is going to move like that anytime soon ? p as many of you may agree , some , not all , of these stocks move in price because they are promoted , making a very large number of investors aware of the stock . the awareness is underway on dmxp ! pp let ' s look at the company , delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxpp about the company : p delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxp is a mineral exploration company that controls 6 properties totaling 7 , 554 acres ( approximately 11 sq . miles ) in montana . the properties are all located over what management considers to be some of the most prospective diamond exploration terrain in the united states . another 10 , 000 acres of prospective diamond and gold properties are controlled in bolivia , south america . initial work has revealed that the bolivian properties display similar potential to those found in north america . p the management team is led by chief executive officer , dr . barry rayment , who is experienced enough to take this junior exploration company to the next level . dr . rayment brings 32 years of experience in the field of geology , along with running some of the most successful mining companies in the industry . dr . rayment was the president of bema gold corp . , ( amex : bgo ) , a company with a market cap of close to a billion dollars . he was also affiliated with glamis gold , gold fields mining and amselco exploration ( bp minerals ) , among others . his vast experience in the mining sector along with his extensive knowledge of public companies will be an extraordinary asset to delta and its shareholders as the company moves forward . p among the support team is stephen kay , a geologist with more than 30 years experience in exploration throughout europe , south africa , south america and the united states . while with gold fields mining corp . , stephen kay was instrumental in the discovery and subsequent drilling of the 3 million ounce mesquite gold deposit in california . p delta has experienced significant technical success since its start - up in 1997 . for example , delta has discovered the first in - situ microdiamond ever found in montana on its homestead kimberlite , southeast of lewistown . the company also controls part of the three buttes kimberlite where initial exploration has shown the three buttes kimberlite to host typical diamond indicator minerals - a major step toward finding the presence of economic diamonds - including pyrope ( garnet ) , chromite and clinoprroxene . p an aggressive regional exploration program has the potential to discover additional kimberlite or lamproite pipes in this under - explored area to the south of known commercial diamond bearing kimberlites in saskatchewan and alberta , canada . p in bolivia , delta controls approximately two - thirds of a highly prospective diamondiferous terrain referred to as the independencia group of concessions covering 7 , 860 acres ( 12 sq miles ) . the other one - third is presently being explored by de beers . in addition to the independencia property delta controls more than 2 , 000 acres comprising the highly attractive precambrian property that displays all the diamond indicator minerals that would suggest further exploration is justified . p delta seeks to increase growth for its investors not only by testing its extensive portfolio of diamond exploration properties but also by acquiring additional diamond properties . delta will focus on identifying and developing strategic alliances with major mining companies as well as joint ventures to develop the properties and finance additional exploration . p in addition to the highly prospective diamond properties delta controls , they also control a gold property with great potential . the property is near la paz in bolivia , where initial analysis revealed high levels of gold per ton that would more than justify an extensive exploration program . pp ( source : company website ) p recent headlines : go online and read the full stories ! p delta mining and exploration corp . is invited to attend a conference with the bolivian chamber of commerce . p delta mining and exploration corp . visits homestead property in preparation of work program . p delta mining and exploration corp . discloses preliminary gold exploration findings in south america . p delta mining and exploration , corp . looks to continue diamond exploration in south america . pp will dmxp explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock this weekend and next week ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and happy trading . pp information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . delta mining and exploration is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . it is not currently an operating company . other factors include : an accumulated deficit , a negative net worth , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with mbah . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: free original star wars cards adv : own a unique , one - of - a - kind piece of star - wars history ! exclusively licensed fromlucas film ltd . this innovative new collectible is the first to display an authentic one of kind 70 mm film frame from the star wars / empire strikes back movie containing a one of a kind 70 mm frame in a 7 - 1 / 2 " x 2 - 3 / 4 " diamond cut , acrylic , mint collector ' s case . fact : no two frames are alike each film frame is a unique original and will never be reproduced . each fully licensed original film frame is sealed and individually serial numbered with identification codes tamper proof holographic seals to prevent fraudulent duplication . # 50049 lightsaber duel special edition : features the fantastic lightsaber duel between luke skywalker and darth vader . this special edition # 50049 lightsaber duel was only available with the willitts premium package # 50707 , which sold in retail shops for $ 125 . 00 . special , internet offer ! order now and receive the above rare special edition # 50049 lightsaber duel for this special internet price of only $ 19 . 95 ! special bonus with your order , you will receive 10 original 1980 topps star wars / empire strikes back collector cards absultely free ! these are original 1980 topps star wars / empire strikes back collector cards from 22 years ago ! not reprints ! hurry ! please , respond now before our limited supplies are exhausted ! ! your film cell image may differ from the above sample . click here ! you have received this email as an opted - in subscriber , if this is not the case , please click on the following link to be permanently removed from our database . please take me off this list 866 - 667 - 5399 nouce 16822 22 nd avenue northsaint petersburg , fl 33710 - 3918  
2	Subject: no need to pay more - cheapest oem online . what is oem software and why do you care ? http : / / mth . kr 6 h 512 vzc 2 rh 32 . spurternj . com no one gossips about other people ' s secret virtues . better fare hard with good men than feast it with bad . 
