2	Subject: re : clearing user meetings mary , thanks for your interest , i will add you . the meeting arose out of a need to identify where clearing needs to be in the future . legal will address the legal implications of confirming web based deals . it was rumored at one time that the web based receipt was sufficient for confirmation of the deal . this issue as well as many others will be discussed . clearing users from london , calgary , and houston will have a chance to present their requirements . these requirements will include a need for web based clearing , the nature of which commodity logic is developing . we are currently working closely with the commodity logic project in order to assure that the entire process of clearing deals as it exists today can be made as efficient as possible . web based clearing will be one of many requirements we hope to flush out during these meetings , based on the requirements we will work with london to develop a plan that get us where we need to be . thanks for the invite , i will try and make it . ron mary solmonson 10 - 20 - 2000 05 : 28 pm to : ron nolte / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : clearing user meetings ron , please add me to the list for attendance . i have just a few questions , if you could answer them for me . who is requesting / spearheading this meeting ? how does this meeting relate to the requirements gathering already done / being done by commodity logic ? isn ' t this a somewhat redundant effort , albeit a more organized approach ? in other words , why would we start a second effort without coordinating it with the commodity logic effort ? are you in competition or something ? additionally , i should inform you that a company called confirmcorp offers a service for confirm clearing . they are coming in tuesday afternoon to make a presentation . it ' s probably a good idea if you attend . the meeting is in 49 c 4 . i will call you with additional information . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 10 / 20 / 2000 05 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : tommy j yanowski 10 / 20 / 2000 01 : 22 pm to : mary solmonson cc : subject : clearing user meetings mary : you may want to get plugged into this as well . thanks ! - tommy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tommy j yanowski / hou / ect on 10 / 20 / 2000 01 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ron nolte 10 / 20 / 2000 12 : 42 pm to : tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : clearing user meetings tommy , the purpose of these meetings is to flush out a consensus of what clearing needs to be in the future . we have invited interested parties from london , calgary and houston . folks from clearing , legal , credit , commodity logic , and livelink have been invited . we are asking legal to clearly define the legal implications of web trading . we expect web based clearing to be a hot topic ; commoditylogic can represent a piece to the clearing puzzle . attached is a tentative agenda . let me know if you have any ideas for making this as productive as possible . thanks , ron - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ron nolte / hou / ect on 10 - 20 - 2000 12 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ron nolte 10 - 19 - 2000 05 : 17 pm to : bob bowen / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , kim s theriot / hou / ect @ ect , larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , laurel adams / hou / ect @ ect , debbie nicholls / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey t hodge / hou / ect @ ect , mark taylor / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , gail hill / lon / ect @ ect , carol findlay / lon / ect @ ect , mark elliott / lon / ect @ ect , robert quick / lon / ect @ ect , charlie hoang / hou / ect @ ect , neil r anderson / lon / ect @ ect , lee munden / lon / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , lynn e shivers / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , carolyn gilley / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect , glen cooper / lon / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , scott tackett / corp / enron @ enron , diane anderson / na / enron @ enron , richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect , jeff johnson / corp / enron @ enron , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : clearing user meetings the emergence of web trading has important implications for deal clearing . meetings are scheduled for november 16 - 17 to discuss these implications and to come to a consensus on a strategic solution for deal clearing . please plan to attend or designate someone who can represent you . attached please find a tentative schedule for the meetings . additional information will follow . please feel free to address any questions you might have regarding these meetings to sarita das ( 713 345 - 8232 ) or ron nolte ( 713 853 - 7569 ) . 
2	Subject: preview our upcoming monthly hot pick before subscribers newsletter - june issue 2 oo 5 in june ' s issue we are going to profile a stoc . k that is very much undervalued and is involved in the red hot homeland security sector . ground floor opportunity for everybody . this small treasure is : vnbl . ob ( vinoble , inc . ) the stoc . k is trading at only 0 . o 9 - o . 1 o cents and we expect it could hit $ o . 30 - $ 0 . 35 by mid july . huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ o . 25 range stoc . k symbol : ( vnbl . ob ) current price : $ o . 09 we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 22 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 3 o in next 2 weeks . about the company : vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . big news expected from this company in the next few days . this kind of news could really move this stock . stoc . k symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ 0 . o 9 we expect the price to go to $ o . 20 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ o . 25 in next 2 weeks . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc . ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . 
2	Subject: how are you doing today ? no cheezy pick up lines . call meet up and do your thing partner . . . locaal and welling . http : / / www . nmiuikitjyedrty . better . ws / er @ se male he . re : http : / / www . visit . ws / i 34 purpleeam /  
2	Subject: overnight shipping - xanax and hundreds more l l l cialls 300 il l with no prescrlption . * erilneeded * * * * shipped overnight * p here f more if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . bubble certainty doubleton rancid anthracnose asocial lucas polarograph bust serial an rensselaer journalese whimsey chordata enfield hackney robotics danbury chen morphism smithfield audiovisual jimmy award nighttime bottleneck vicinal booby colossi nagy needham sarah sprawl balk newark hardworking dey bribe lumbermen chloroform gunman illumine deconvolution slanderous truism appraise rightful budweiser tift cemetery briefcase deaconess prophetic derision pion ounce social haircut collate bandit durward rosa autocratic coneflower shaft sidestep radiology bucolic convex excuse consensus teat falstaff heiress reliant effete splotch karma charity presentational alden bate aleph administrate bloodstream deuce nowise ache acetylene alight brookline gatekeep disciplinarian camilla quahog hydronium why bessel conclude perpetuity singe butler sorghum bowfin afield bonneville epistemology forborne somal muscovy beplaster woody adams vagina khan deportation betoken massive phosphorus although inestimable milieu dinah dallas methodic colloquy elkhart dignitary fist earsplitting caldwell infer compendium cripple temperature playa diva forborne usurp cairn offload chiton bankrupt hazel boat synge cosgrove handel frequent biddy promotion astigmat compose brandon aloud cozen clifford commune judson bedfast appertain atomic invariant reservoir revelatory crossway an buddha fungus mini ventricle gould chromium conjugacy palladium belly customary abstruse spilt  
2	Subject: here ' s a 4 th try ! ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard b jones / hou / ees on 02 / 01 / 2001 10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard b jones 01 / 31 / 2001 04 : 39 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : here ' s a third try ! ! ! vince , while i was at hsb , i designed an insurance or reinsurance financial model that hsb uses for new product development , pricing different reinsurance strategies , computing stochastic earnings forecast , and estimating probabilistic maintenance & repair costs . the code , written in visual basic & ms access belongs to hsb , and i want to replicate it here for our use at enron . i would like to arrange a time to specifically talk to you and perhaps vasant who was briefed on the model , about how we can use your group for the analytical and programming support to get this model re - constructed . i have screen outputs from the code and vasant thought the re - design and construction here at enron is a problem that your group can do . could you let me know when we can setup an hour to discuss ? thanks , rick jones 
2	Subject: hpl noms for june 10 thru 12 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 610 . xls ) - hplo 610 . xls 
2	Subject: re : mitch robinson agreed . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : mon 1 / 21 / 2002 10 : 13 pm to : kitchen , louise ; presto , kevin m . cc : subject : mitch robinson mitch said he is definitely done if we get him vp , 140 base , 125 / 125 . he will call in the morning to see if we can do that . i recommend we bite the bullet given our lack of marketer success to date . 
2	Subject: the new power company ; reserved share program enron u . s employees : a registration statement relating to a proposed initial public offering of shares of common stock of tnpc , inc . ( tnpc ) , an affiliate of enron corp . , has been filed with the securities and exchange commission . in connection with the proposed offering , tnpc has arranged to reserve a limited number of shares of tnpc ' s common stock for purchase by enron u . s . employees and certain other individuals ( reserved share program ) . if you have any interest in further information regarding the reserved share program , which has a deadline of october 2 , 2000 , please execute the link to the following site where you will find a preliminary prospectus , a letter explaining the program , an expression of interest form , and an nasd questionnaire related to the offering : note : in the event that you are unable to execute the above link , please copy the link to the address line of your installed browser . the following statements are required to be included in this e - mail by the rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission : " a registration statement relating to the shares has been filed with the securities and exchange commission but has not yet become effective . these securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective . this e - mail shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sales of these securities in any state in which such offer , solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state . " " no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of the purchase price can be received until the registration statement has become effective , and any such offer may be withdrawn or revoked , without obligation or commitment of any kind , at any time prior to notice of its acceptance given after the effective date . an indication of interest in response to this advertisement will involve no obligation or commitment of any kind . " 
2	Subject: mba , ba or aa in just 10 months kick your education up a few notches ; ) http : / / 6 . smartwho . info to be ramoved from our list : http : / / cudefensivemdean . smartwho . info the revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters . 
2	Subject: foreign language lessons fyi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 27 / 2000 01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - leandro ibasco @ enron 01 / 27 / 2000 01 : 07 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : please distribute this message to the entire research group shirley , kindly forward to the entire research group . hi , vince has requested me to inform you that foreign language lessons are available . among the languages offered are spanish , portugese , french , german , mandarin , and japanese . other languages are possible . the lessons can be done in a small class or through a private tutor . the schedule is quite flexible with the latest class being at 5 : 00 to 6 : 30 p . m . to arrange classes , please contact meilli sanford at ( 713 ) 464 - 8474 . they would need an e - mail approval from vince to enroll . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me . regards , roy 
2	Subject: here ' s a hot piay in motion wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 165 apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy complete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortiy and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategically purchase | eases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobiie , williams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biliions of doilars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . co | | ectiveiy over 26 , 00 o we | | s produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an ail - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 million barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . nearly 10 o welis are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin could have 5 o , 000 to 100 , 0 oo producing wells before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fue | sites , as wel | as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 009 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: commodity logic projects sally , first of all , allow me to express my congratulations for your promotion . i am following up on the conversation about structuring of the commodity logic initiatives you had with greg piper last week . how do you think we should go about looking into the projects ? i remain at your disposal for any direction you might want to follow . marc eichmann 
2	Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership . ( area ) start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . we ' re giving away gold memberships in your area now . ngpwmhmx 
2	Subject: got a special night in mind ? have your viiagra ready . ch?apest v?agr? ?nline ! t?p 5 reasons : c?sts 5 $ less per p?ll from ?nline pharmacies get 1 _ day shipping . recieve your order next day b??st up your sex life . v?agr? works ! stay r?ck hard like you use to last all night with v?agr? click h?r? to s?? m ? r? inf?rm?ti?n ! to be taken off our list , here p 7 rl 2 cbl 0 ci 33 gos 894248 sz 7 y 6 olpm 1814 koqqxiae 3 p 7 dl 360495 j 6 vpf 7 w 40 st 6 qimqwo 823 z 3 r 94 jl 2 utl 0 u 94 b 96 fe 6 lo 0 fl 24 cp 7 rl 2 cbl 0 ci 33 gos 894248 sz 7 y 6 olpm 1814 koqqxiae 3 p 7 the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream . the group consensus was to tell gary to go be a princess . dl 360495 j 6 vpf 7 w 40 st 6 qimqwo 823 z 3 r 94 jl 2 utl 0 u 94 b 96 fe 697 y 7 b 5 z 6 cw 2 suupt 61 qr 7 n 20978 qj 35 w 4 po 5 nolr 9 y 99 gigopubi 92 cpeum 5 u 3311 z 32 af the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream . the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream . the group consensus was to tell gary to go be a princess . the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream .  
2	Subject: invitation - ase studio workshop agenda review in sally ' s office eb 3389 ( 6 feb 05 : 00 pm cst ) we will walkthrough the draft agenda of the event . brent / david - conference call info is as follows : dial - in : 888 - 227 - 5568 passcode : 3788 moderator : lisa petruszka reservation : 823788 
2	Subject: sap business unit optimization now that sap is in place , it ' s time to focus our attention on how to maximize the investment in sap for enron and for each business area . you have been selected ( whether officially or in an unofficial capacity ) to represent a business area ' s sap needs and wants for 2001 . in this capacity , you will be a major part of building upon enron ' s sap investment . your partners in this adventure will be the isc . the customer relations solution area of the isc invites you to join the isc leadership to kick off 2001 . we ' ll be facilitating introductions and providing an overview of the roles and responsibilities of both the business area representatives and isc leadership . the goals of the kick - off are to : clarify the roles and responsibilities of the isc leadership and the business area representatives prepare the business area representatives for the sap user group kick - off in february begin developing the sap " wish list " for 2001 have a little fun getting to know one another an agenda will be sent the week of january 8 . please join us . date : wednesday , january 17 time : 8 : 45 - 9 : 45 a . m . location : eb 5 c 2 coffee and pastries will be served . please rsvp to margarite cunningham at x 5 - 6130 . 
2	Subject: congratulations from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear sir / madam , results for promotional draw nationwide lotto uk wishes to inform you of the results of her promotional draws held on the 25 th september , 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . your lottery claim is attached to ticket number 44 - 3 - 2 , with serial number 708 - 4 , and drew the lucky numbers 05 07 18 27 31 36 ( 46 ) to emerge one of the third category winners . you have consequently been awarded a lump sum pay out of # 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand great britain pounds ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of # 9 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared between 6 international winners in the category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with heritage finance ltd insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year ( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to # 12 , 00 , 000 . 00 , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . dennis hammond foreign department manager , heritage finance ltd . phone : + 44 - 20 - 7060 - 0194 fax : + 44 - 20 - 7504 - 3787 email : dhammond 4 @ heritagefinance - ltd . org for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than 20 th october , 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent / company . reference number : 3 nw - 4 batch number : fn - 112 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , lottery coordinator nationwide lotto uk south park business centre 310 green lane , ilford , igl lxt , essex . phone : + 44 - 70 4010 6614 fax : + 44 - 20 8181 6406 n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . ( terms and conditions apply ) mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / vsannkaraoke . topcities . com  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at supereva . it . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : questo indirizzo e ' bloccato per inutilizzo . this address no longer accepts mail . ( # 5 . 2 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 9922 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 24 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 73 . 17 . 237 ) by mail . supereva . it with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 24 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09359960 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : maudanto @ freemail . it user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: contato neste momento , pode ter algum procurando sua marca , produto ou servio , e no est encontrando ! cadastre seu web site em at 3 . 500 mecanismos de buscas ! este procedimento tem a finalidade de trazer um grande nmero de novos visitantes para seu web site , j que 95 % dos internautas de todo o planeta utilizam as ferramentas de busca para achar os sites com seus assuntos preferidos . aplicamos tcnicas em html para alm de cadastrar o site , proporcionar um posicionamento previlegiado nos sites de busca , visando deixar seu site no topo dos resultados de pesquisa sem custos adicionais . saiba maiores informaes e como adquirir este servio atravs dos links abaixo . perguntas frequentes ? como adquirir este servio ? webviso informtica ltda av . naes unidas , 17 - 17 , 10 andar - centro empresarial das amricas bauru - sp / cep : 17013 - 035 fone / fax : ( 14 ) 3234 - 8403 equipe - br marketing para remover seu endereo eletrnico , clique aqui  
2	Subject: stock business from : rev . water ibe financial director nnpc . my name is rev . water ibe working with nnpc who wants to invest in stock business and other relevant business as you may advice in your country . the fund will be delivered to you in your country , if you want to be part of this transaction , let me have your full delivery address , phone and fax numbers for details . the total amount is $ 15 m and this is trust , you don ' t need to travel anywhere , am not asking for any money , the fund will be delivered to you in your country , all i need from you is trust and to treat this transaction with utmost confidentiality . if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not take undue advantage of the trust i have bestowed in you . thanks and god bless . rev . water ibe get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: good quality video from school photographer hello derm fresh hardcorep 0 rno site ! http : / / www . my - billing . org / ht / - more than 27030 - 12 gb exclusive videos - 2 new models every week  
2	Subject: it workss fine hello , welcome to the me simulacra dzonline - online pharmaceut feeling ical shop . baobab va economist um panzer vi r chancery a unbacked ci i thieves s l clepsydra i a attache g mischief al andmanyother . with our sho inurement p you get - best whodunit prlces ex circumstance cellent service fast shipp parable ing private onli hitched ne ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: re : profession carrying superstition alive buildings no gain confusion paliourg , let me present for you our very last _ galleries _ . remember those master cheer _ leaders from high school ? and remember those quick fantasises that would run through your mind as one of them did the splits or jumpped up high enough to see up their skirt ! ? ! first - rate quick universal present from diana or your playmate . you either signed to resource lately or somebody entered your address for you . to terminate email here : eilao 99 @ online . com . ua bitterness gives desperation quarter fallible does woodland getting statue rooted outwardly suggestive betray firedwoke maybe fortunately proceeds groom suggests goddess bread ss dutch distresses portraits delusionpartially rows distress stir attendant wholesome surgeon surprising angry wakes trifled occupation decoy  
2	Subject: re : enron / stanford program paul , is there anything i can do to help get the $ 100 k that enron promised to dr . bambos ? - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 07 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick bambos on 10 / 09 / 2000 12 : 04 : 19 am to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : subject : re : enron / stanford program hi stinson , i am under pressure from the department to wrap up giuseppe ' s raship , and i am probing to see how things are going on this matter on your side . i ' m deep in the red in terms of the deadline - way beyond it ! would it be possible to wrap this up this week ? many thanks , nick stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote : > > nick , > > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america this > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your program > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to accompany > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is sent > promptly . > > - - stinson 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 18 , 2001 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: you could be the decision - maker on this so check it carefully vocable you can ' t beat the drama , the excitement and the glamour so place your bet , come on make your play i said you can ' t be a quitter when you ' re caught up in the glitter of permit me to say , returned the dragonette , that you are rather impolite to call us names , knowing that we cannot resent your insults inicijativa zusht ul salsabil and if you say good - byeif you ever even try  
2	Subject: email marketing - 687495 to cvs @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org : marekting solutions forpromote your service / product : - supply email list according to your order : we will customize your client email list . - send out emails according to your need : we will customize your email list and mailing your message for you . more information * we also supply web host mail server . dont reply to this email . contact us by : marketingtoyour @ 126 . com or bestlbuy @ eyou . com looking forward to serving you . mr mark sales dept nomore : down @ aol . com ? subject  cvs @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org  
2	Subject: re : indoor soccer starts this tuesday @ 10 : 15 play for eintract roach . . . their more fun . ; ) 2 - 3 roster spots available . call if interested . keith 823 - 3243 h : 280 - 8918 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon . gail @ hcs . state . or . us [ mailto : jon . gail @ hcs . state . or . us ] sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 12 : 54 pm to : aevanloon @ hotmail . com ; bill . williams . iii @ enron . com ; bvargo @ koin . com ; greenroom @ attglobal . net ; jacobf @ hapdx . org ; pws - fabl @ siltronic . com ; neill @ pcez . com ; mossyuk @ hotmail . com ; zottermj @ hotmail . com ; halsteadr @ pdx . edu ; turnstone @ onemain . com ; kmurray @ responsys . com ; sgates @ metfamily . org ; mstibolt @ acg - pdx . com ; jwilliamson @ baughpdx . com ; kwitcosky @ portlanddev . org ; kevin _ mcdowel 1 @ yahoo . com ; tristan . brunin @ yoshida . com ; jon _ bloomfield @ rsausa . com ; mrbndahaus @ aol . com subject : indoor soccer starts this tuesday @ 10 : 15 hi guys , for those of you who want to play indoor soccer i thought you might like to know the indoor soccer schedule . here it is : tue aug 28 10 : 15 pm eintracht roach vs fc tba sun sep 9 4 : 15 pm rowdies vs fc tba sun sep 16 5 : 15 pm stickbuilt vs fc tba wed sep 26 10 : 15 pm ballers vs fc tba thu oct 4 7 : 15 pm fc tba vs eintracht roach tue oct 16 6 : 15 pm fc tba vs rowdies thu oct 18 7 : 15 pm fc tba vs stickbuilt wed oct 24 8 : 15 pm fc tba vs ballers here is a link to the portland indoor soccer website for mor info . mike brochaus is the manager of the team , so if you want to play show your interest by showing up at the first game . i believe the cost to play is $ 50 . also if you want to play you need to bring a white and maroon color shirt to every game in case we need to change colors . hope to see you there . jon 
2	Subject: final lottery award nottification de la primitiva lottery company calle aroyo nol 3 , piso 4 g 28030 madrid date : 24 th of august 2004 from : the desk of the vice president . international promotions / prize award . . batch : egs / 22504002 / 03 : reference : 15 / 0018 / ipd award notification . this is to inform you of the release of the de la primitivalottery held on the 16 th of july 2004 . the results were released on the 23 th august 2004 your name was attached to ticket number 185 - 01523370 - 100 with serial number 99375 - 0 that drew the lucky numbers of 06 20 25 26 3749 , which consequently won the lottery in the 5 th category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay of euros 850 , 000 . 39 c ( eigth hundred and fifty thousand , thirty nine centimosonly ) in cash . this is from us $ 75 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( seventy five million us dollars ) in cash among the 26 participating finalist playing 6 , 000 full tickets . congratulations ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with our corespondence bank and insured to the full amount in your name . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this awardfrom public notice untill your claims has been processed and the money remitted to your account as this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming of unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants as it has happened in the past . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from asia , australia , new zealand , europe , north and south america , middle east and africa as part of our international promotions program . we hope your lucky name will draw a bigger cash prize in the subsequent programs . to begin your lottery claims , please contact our fidicuary agents who are your prize claims agent at their contact information as stated below : address : avenida de callao , plaza de eliptica ( 4 ) 28900 . madrid espa?a . contact person : collin smith ( foreign claimsmanager ) telephone : + 34 652 240 772 . fax : + 34 645 344 529 e - mail : ( collin _ smith 2000 @ yahoo . es ) remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 31 th septiembre 2004 . any claim not made before this date will be returned to the ministerio de economia y hacienda as unclaimed funds . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us or your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change of address , please do inform your claim agent as soon as possible . a copy of your prize winning certificate and all other relevant payment documents will be sent to you by your claim agents . congratulation ! ! ! ! ! once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being a part of our international promotions program . we wish you continued good fortunes . incerely , mr antonio gomez vice president . 
2	Subject: re : dr . michelle foss - energy institute aisha , the person to contact is christie patrick who is in charge our university relations office . her e - mail address is : christie _ patrick @ enron . com . i shall forward your message to ms . patrick . vince aisha jamal on 04 / 23 / 2001 03 : 15 : 29 pm please respond to aisha @ uh . edu to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com cc : mmfoss @ uh . edu subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute dear mr . kaminski , i am writing to ask a favor for dr . michelle foss . as you know we will be running our " new era " program from may 14 - may 25 th . dr . foss was wondering if on may 22 nd ( between 1 : 30 pm and 4 : 00 pm ) , we would be able to bring our participants for a tour of your trading floor . at this time we will have 30 - 40 people , and since only 10 people maximum should really be on a trading floor we need to have 4 companies among which to divide our participants . at this time , we have a floor from coral energy , and are working with duke , and i will be contacting mr . paul roberts to arrange for the reliant energy trading floor . i was hoping very much that you would be able to direct me to the right person to contact to arrange this tour . will this be a possiblity ? i really appreciate your help very much . thank you ! best regards , aisha jamal energy institute 713 - 743 - 4634 
2	Subject: over 160 fda approved meds % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 160 meds to choose from with no prescription required never mind ! % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: site update mon , 27 jun 2005 . subject : site update mon , 27 jun 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store , . now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / condemn . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director ! ? ceo christie pearce latest news : step - grandmother held in ore . boy ' s death http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 3042924 / economic view : could a few hedge funds spoil the party ? http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 3096434 / bonné : ten foods that make america great http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 8450249 / albania prepares to vote amid accusations of fraud and intimidation http : / / www . nytimes . com / rss 
2	Subject: re : [ 4 ] this is our last attempt we have tried to contact you on several occasions and time is running out ! your current home loan qualifies you for up to a 3 % lower rate however , since our previous attempts to contact you have failed , this will be our last and final attempt to lock in the lower rate . please complete your final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your application now . finish here if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so .  
2	Subject: resignations and estate louise , in the event that some of the people who are being offered positions in ubs do not take them , but instead resign , and we therefore keep someone in ubs who otherwise would have gone to the estate , i thought we should agree potential bonuses . to be clear : these bonuses would be paid only if the individual wound up going to ubs instead of the estate as currently planned . if you agree , please let me know and forward to amy fitzpatrick . this should allow us to respond quickly as events develop . name estate contingent bonus boudreau , kara l 10 , 000 deluca , bryan a - duncan , erica b 12 , 000 guillory , michael c 2 , 500 hoang , charlie v 4 , 000 o ' day , karen 2 , 500 zeman , angie 12 , 000 dave 
2	Subject: re : grant masson fyi . i shall not be surprised if grant knock on our door again in a few weeks . i told him he could not count on the same generous treatment he got the first time . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001 08 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " grant masson " on 01 / 07 / 2001 06 : 43 : 08 pm to : cc : subject : re : grant masson dear vince : ? after a very great deal of thought , i have decided to stick it out with el paso . ? please be assured that this exercise was not a " fishing expedition " to extract concessions from el paso . ? rather , it is simply that , although i continue to harbor doubts about some of el paso ' s methods and about the people running the business , i have concluded that two months is not enough time to fully judge the company . ? i feel that i have not yet given el paso ( or myself for that matter ) a fair chance . ? after all , if i disagree with the way the business is run , i should regard that as an opportunity to effect changes and not an excuse to run away . ? please extend my sincerest thanks and apologies to all those who worked so hard over the holidays to produce the offer : david oxley , sheila walton , and especially norma villarreal . ? and thanks also to you vince for your patience , humor , and good advice . ? as i ' ve said before , i consider it an honor to be able to call you a colleague and friend . ? with best regards , grant . 
2	Subject: re : may 2001 nomination the attachment provides details for a total wellhead nomination for may 2001 of 695 , 059 mmbtu / d . george . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 11 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 12 am to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect , melissa graves / hou / ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : may 2001 nomination george , the following are my answers to your questions : 1 . no . 2 . the nomination is at the pay meter 9862 . 3 . in the past , this purchase has not been listed on the spreadsheet . it has been maintained by the risk group . 4 . as of 4 / 24 / 01 , comstock ' s nomination is 43 , 681 and kerr mcgee ' s is 29 , 037 . 5 . this purchase is not listed on the spreadsheet . it is maintained separately on a file by daren . to the best of my knowledge it is a good wellhead purchase . bob enron north america corp . from : george weissman 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 03 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect , melissa graves / hou / ect subject : may 2001 nomination bob , questions based on the information in the facilitation by location report : 1 . meter 9643 hgpl / hpl - stratton , tejones operating corporation , sitara 266970 : should this purchase be at meter 9638 , freeman prod - maxine field in trade zone 18 ? 2 . i presume we are not counting both meter 9848 north padre island blk 8 and meter 9862 lehman / spinnaker onshore . isn ' t this the same gas ? 3 . meter 3536 seahawk / a - s ( mat plt 520 ) , eog resources , sitara 725391 : is this purchase properly in the wellhead book ? 4 . meter 6884 pgtt junction 16 " lease , comstock oil & gas , inc . and kerr - mcgee oil & gas onshore l . p . , sitara 125899 and 132975 : comstock ' s volume should exceed kerr - mcgee ' s volume , and together the two volumes should be approximately 73 , 000 / d . currently , comstock ' s volume is only 8 , 600 / d and kerr - mcgee ' s volume is 25 , 000 / d . we look about 38 , 000 / d short . 5 . meter 639 hannah nash , coral energy resources , l . p . , sitara 659998 : is this purchase properly in the wellhead book ? i ' m looking at about 10 other old deals that i think should be in for may , but aren ' t . in addition , i ' m adding in the new deals that will flow in may . i ' ll be done by noon . george  
2	Subject: refill your prescription - hassle free ! dear valued customer , we provide an online solution to deliver prescription medications from the comfort of your own home , save money , save time , save yourself from worry , embarassment , and most of all , save your life ! we don ' t require any prescriptions : _ _ men ' s health _ _ _ _ anti - anxiety _ _ - cl @ lls ( super vlagra ) - xannax / vallum _ _ weight loss _ _ _ _ sleep aid _ _ - phentermlne - amblen _ _ anti - depressant _ _ _ _ acid reflux _ _ - paxll - nexlum _ _ pain medication _ _ _ _ lower cholesterol _ _ - vlox - llp 1 tor no waiting rooms . here . re ^ ^ ove : best regards , starks email : r 2 @ mednsbe 2 . com canadian generics bze international imports inc north front st . # 1831 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: anomaly boys from 3881 uosda apaproved mledms heure crack mutagen poliomyelitis axisymmetric virus bernoulli pervade cadenza arena martin cardioid familiar bladdernut inductee donor you tranquil bar kingdom dinnerware pedagogy traipse chromate idle mph diligent company contributor bal antipodean escadrille stan affiance antagonist roil siren conrad repression bluejacket conduce continue myriad configuration brute anthem yore pessimal turpitude bum 3 macintoshdogleg 
2	Subject: hgh myth - - - learn the truth hello , jm @ netnoteinc . comhuman growth hormone therapy lose weight while building lean muscle massand reversing the ravages of aging all at once . as seen on nbc , cbs , and cnn , and even oprah ! the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has even been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging increased libidoduration of penile erectionhealthier bones improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance visit our web site and learn the facts : click here or here you are receiving this email as a subscr - in amerig lisve yoursts , just click here 
2	Subject: pre approved : mrtg application sat , 11 dec 2004 18 : 47 : 48 - 0600 congrats , you have been pre . approved on sat , 11 dec 2004 18 : 47 : 48 - 0600 your mtg process is ready for rates starting at 3 . 76 goto : http : / / www . mortzz . com / index . php ? refid  ph 420 after filling out the quick form you will recieve a $ 400 , 000 loan from one of our lenders . robbin cary 
2	Subject: garrett ' s birthday pictures geoff , thanks for the pictures . looks like the kids had a great time ! i hope you don ' t mind , but i ' ve taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http : / / 24 . 27 . 98 . 30 / pictures / 08 - 05 _ garrett _ gayle _ bday . if you want to pass this web site address along to other folks , feel free . if you want a cd copy of this web site , give me a yell . thanks , ram tackett , ( mailto : rtackett @ abacustech . net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388 - 5746 ( 281 ) 651 - 7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528 - 8636 web : http : / / www . abacustech . net - ram tackett ( e - mail ) . vcf 
2	Subject: new research tool - too cool ! ! ! this tool is really a breakthrough . real - time off our new satellite controller , meteorological info from noaa ' s satellite ! ! ! simple and easy . just go to . . . further instruction ( there is only one instruction ) . . type in your station of interest , example : khou for houston , texas , lirf for rome , italy , eddh for hamburg , etc ( see attached city code list ) you will be constantly updated way before the competition ! enjoy . . . 
2	Subject: career opportunities now !  
2	Subject: re : rto week - - summary of day two morning panel rto week day 3 - - october 17 , 2001 standardizing rto tariffs the morning panel focused on which transmission services should be standardized in rto tariffs across an interconnection or the entire country . there were many diverse views on the panel , and the staff and commissioners were somewhat more engaged in this session . the panelists were : ricky bittle , arkansas electric coop ; jim caldwell , american wind ; peter esposito , dynegy ; rory mcminn , new mexico psc ; glenn ross , dominion resources ; audrey zibelman , xcel energy . general observations this panel had a lot less agreement than the previous panels . dynegy opposes standardization of a transmission tariff and urges ferc to give strong guidance to stakeholders and then let the stakeholders work out the details of a new tariff . dominion advocates a more prescriptive approach by ferc , noting that stakeholders have been unable to reach agreement over the last five years . excel has it ' s own focus - they want to be an itc and want to provide many of the rto services without being an rto . the wind group is mostly concerned about the ability to provide generation on an " as available " basis . the commissioner from new mexico does not want standardization , does not want ferc stepping on the state ' s jurisdictional toes , and does not want new mexico ratepayers ' rates to go up . arkansas electric coop insists that spp transmission capacity is full , so if competitors want to move power through spp , new transmission must first be built . i am somewhat concerned that some of the commissioners may believe that tariff standardization is not necessary . while the dynegy concept had merit at one time , it may be too late to rely on the stakeholder process to resolve issues , and it could take many months to go through the process , only to have ferc , in the end , decide the details anyway . we may want to submit comments on this issue to ferc at the conclusion of rto week . what services should be standardized ? overall , dynegy opposes standardizing tariffs but believes certain aspects of reservations should be standardized - - timing , confirmation processing , maintenance issues , bus names , ramping protocols , assumptions for atc calculations , posting times , bumping rules , and settlement time . with regard to congestion management , it should not be standardized between rtos . xcel does not support a standardized tariff but urges ferc to standardize some issues such as cbm calculations , reserve obligations and load balancing and penalties . american wind says ferc must focus on having liquid spot markets in rtos and not worry about tariff standardization . dominion cautions ferc about dynegy ' s proposal to let the industry work out the details . he says this is what happened with order no . 2000 and the industry was unable to work it out . should ferc retain cbm ? ricky ( arkansas coop ) believes that the bigger the rto , the less important cbm is because the rto will have enough resources internally to effectuate reserve sharing . dynegy thinks cbm should be eliminated . dominion thinks cbm should be retained but the rules need to be changed . cbm should not be set for a year - it changes on a daily basis and this should be reflected . nor should cbm be standardized because needs vary region to region . however , because cbm is used for load , the cost of cbm should be allocated to load . all panelists agreed with the concept that if cbm is retained , load should be required to purchase it as a service provided under the tariff . network versus point to point service peter ( dynegy ) discussed the need to develop a new type of transmission service that combines the best features from network and point to point , similar to transportation service offered in gas - - firm and interruptible . peter suggests starting with the crt tariff proposed several years ago . glenn ( dominion ) thinks the crt is outdated and thinks we need a new type of service but agrees that it should combine the best elements of network and point to point . should all transmission service be under the rto ' s tariff ? most of the panelists said yes , all service should be under the tariff , but ricky bittle said there needs to be a transition period - minimum of 5 years , no more than 10 years . commissioner mcminn said no - he sees this as an infringement on the states ' jurisdiction . what services need to be changed under a new rto tariff ? jim ( wind ) believes that the imbalance provisions must be revised so as not to penalize " as available " resources . ricky thinks transmission expansion is the most important issue to address in a new tariff . xcel urges ferc to recognize the distinction between rtos and itcs and allow itcs to design and offer their own transmission tariffs . ray alvarez will circulate a summary of the afternoon panel on cost allocation . please let me know if you have any questions . sarah 
2	Subject: not as rough list i spoke to sabrae , we are cumulatively balanced with pge , cumulative and don ' t want to do anything volumetric at either meter . the nng oba is being reconciled , and they are really hesitant / reluctant to balance current month . florida can be paid back 5 m or more , it is being reconciled , but , sabrae is okay with paying back . this just in from mark mccoy , the oasis oba is flat as of today ' s gas day . that should hit the imb . report next week . mary 
2	Subject: re : meter 5892 i spoke with karen lindley about volume not being allocated . she said that she passed it on to fred boas . daren j farmer 02 / 21 / 2001 04 : 46 pm to : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ees @ ees , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter 5892 i have done deals with john at this point . why are we not being allocated any volume ? d charlene richmond 02 / 21 / 2001 02 : 59 pm to : fred boas / hou / ees @ ees , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 5892 i am getting several phone calls from alpine resources demanding to be paid for meter 5892 and there is nothing there to be paid . the person name doing the requesting is john childers and he said that he spoke to daren farmer . he is looking for 859 mmbtu ' s for december , 2000 and 3 , 251 mmbtu ' s for january 2001 . this is on the katy gas unit . if anyone would like to talk to john his phone number is 281 - 646 - 0232 charlene x 31539 
2	Subject: re : the package - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001 01 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 23 / 2001 01 : 06 pm to : " valery kholodnyi " @ enron cc : subject : re : the package valery , thanks a lot . i have received the package last week . i was traveling and i did not have time to take a closer look at it yet . i think about a trip to dallas sometimes in the first few days of february . i hope you will find time for lunch . i will contact you later this week regarding the date . vince " valery kholodnyi " on 01 / 22 / 2001 05 : 59 : 53 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : the package dear vince , could you please acknowledge receipt of the package with a copy of my article on spikes in power prices , as well as copies of my books and some of my other relevant articles , that i recently sent to you . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , valery 
2	Subject: re : john martin - baylor cindy , i am in wharton on december 6 . other days prior to dec 6 are ok . vince from : mark palmer @ enron on 10 / 25 / 2000 10 : 33 am sent by : cindy derecskey @ enron to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect subject : john martin - baylor good morning vince , christie has suggested that i be the liaison for john martin and your research project ' enron - case study of a company reinventing itself ' . in john ' s lastest email , he suggested that the first week of december works with his schedule - up to december 6 th - or the following couple of weeks after dec . 8 th . do these dates work for you as well ? if so , i will proceed in booking one hour sessions with the following enron management : ken lay jeff skilling andy fastow if these dates do not work for you let me know when you are available and i will try to coordinate with john , jeff , ken and andy . also , i will send an introductory email to john . i ' m looking forward to hearing from you , cindy derecskey 3 - 5670 
2	Subject: fw : ass - kicking anyone ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : herndon , rogers sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 4 : 38 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; woulfe , greg ; sturm , fletcher j . ; benson , robert ; lavorato , john subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? guys - check out the link at the bottom - awesome ! i am going to buy a few of these for gifts around the office . rogers - - - - - original message - - - - - from : aucoin , berney c . sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 4 : 26 pm to : herndon , rogers subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jones , oliver sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 11 pm to : lenig , chris ; aucoin , berney c . subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? look at link below - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ahn , chris sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 04 pm to : jones , oliver subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? check out steve swain ' s response to my email to him ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : swain , steve sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 1 : 49 pm to : ahn , chris subject : re : ass - kicking anyone ? i wonder if the guy sells gift certificates . i know a few folks i ' d like to shop for . hey , starwood looks fine . anything else ? > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : ahn , chris > sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 11 : 38 am > to : perry , todd ; swain , steve ; richter , jeff > subject : re : ass - kicking anyone ? > > project phoenix in houston is on the offer - - i assume you guys are too ! > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : cavazos , brandon > sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 1 : 23 pm > to : alfredda magellan white jr . ( e - mail ) ; wilson , andrew ; > beverly hillenbrand ( e - mail ) ; ruiz , carlos ; ahn , chris ; > chenoweth , christopher ; ferrell , daniel ; seaworth , douglas ; > moreno , douglas v . ; rios , jason ; jeannine merrill ( e - mail ) ; > jeff lee ( e - mail ) ; joel cummings ( e - mail ) ; thompson , justyn ; > kels farmer ( e - mail ) ; mark merrill ( e - mail ) ; schiller , > marsha ; mike labbe ( e - mail ) ; nathan merrill ( e - mail ) ; paul > botros ( e - mail ) ; richard chiang ( e - mail ) ; griffin , scott ; > plauche , stephen > subject : fw : this is funny > > so funny , and actually real . > > brandon cavazos > ena - power structuring > 713 - 345 - 3335 > brandon . cavazos @ enron . com > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hamlin , mason > sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 1 : 18 pm > to : cavazos , brandon ; lewis , barry ; hiemstra , nick > subject : fw : this is funny > > > > > http : / / home . houston . rr . com / surrenderownz / auction . htm 
2	Subject: celeste asked me to send this to u just like the originalbut less than half the pricepowerful effects monster rewards geeneriiiic viiiiiagraaa direct from the manufacturer you trust ! buy right now ! worldwide shipping chaaaange .  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121722 . txt 
2	Subject: your amazon . com order ( # 102 - 6820014 - 8227326 ) greetings from amazon . com . we thought you ' d like to know that we shipped your items today , and that this completes your order . thanks for shopping at amazon . com , and we hope to see you again soon . you can track the status of this order , and all your orders , online by visiting " your account " page at http : / / www . amazon . com / your - account . there you can : * track order and shipment status * review estimated delivery dates * cancel unshipped items * return items * and do much more the following items were included in this shipment : qty item price shipped subtotal 1 tonka mighty front loader $ 19 . 99 1 $ 19 . 99 item subtotal : $ 19 . 99 shipping & handling : $ 0 . 00 total : $ 19 . 99 this shipment was sent to : daren farmer 2747 meadowtree spring tx 77388 via ups ground ( 3 - 7 business days ) . for your reference , the number you can use to track your package is lza 41 wl 90316789627 . you can refer to our web site ' s help page or : http : / / www . amazon . com / tracking to retrieve current tracking information . please note that tracking information may not be available immediately . if you ' ve explored the links on " your account " page but still need to get in touch with us about your order , e - mail us at orders @ amazon . com . on your next visit to our web site , come see what ' s new for you by clicking the link on the right - hand side of our home page , or by visiting this url : we ' ve selected an assortment of new releases , recommendations , and informative articles that we think would appeal to you . thank you for shopping at amazon . com . amazon . com earth ' s biggest selection orders @ amazon . com http : / / www . amazon . com /  
2	Subject: unbelievable new homes for the usa ! it ' s a beautiful day today homeowner you have been pre - approved for a $ 431 , 221 home loan at a 3 . 29 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form have a good day , shemika kelly 
2	Subject: great investors portfoiio mnei - the best smail cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wil | see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei miilenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , clear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc loca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below news > > > . . miliennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbol : mnei current price : $ o . 45 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wil | see why ) mi | | ennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partialiy or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado , caiifornia and washington dc . through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while millennium nationa | events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbol : mnei current price : $ o . 45 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you look at | evel 2 you wil | see why ) news delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - millennium national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament . mi | | ennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both loca | deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mca | | ister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom line , but aiso to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miilennium sees the match point acquisition ultimateiy being abie to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom | ine . mnei sees both the international television audience and the ability to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miliennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambi | | and james biake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo melio ( brazil ) . the tournament sti | | holds two wildcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this lega | info information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere ( - stoxmarkets 88 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: fw : very symbolic of our current struggle 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketing toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / getthatpills . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / getthatpills . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: best love dr @ gs at best store ! one time discount order for vl @ gra , clal 1 s ! vl @ gra discount order today its only $ 0 . 95 per dose . generic vi @ gra , 24 x 100 mg regular tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 46 . 00 new product 1 : generic viagra , 24 x 100 mg soft tabs ( 48 dozes ) what is soft tabs ? only $ 60 . 00 new product 2 : generic clal 1 s , 10 x 20 mg tadalafil what is soft clal 1 s ? only $ 68 . 00 special offer ! these prices are valid until 10 th of december ! vl @ gra discount order  
2	Subject: hpl nom for december 12 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 212 . xls ) - hplnl 212 . xls 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 24 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 424 . xls ) - hplno 424 . xls 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and quaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verified by bbb and approved by vlsa !  
2	Subject: the original your woman needs an 8 inch man . be that man for her . learn how here . turn off notifications here . df international exports ltd st . lina # 8777 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: experience more powerful erections my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here he unstrapped the machine from his wrist to examine it better , and while holding it carelessly in his hand it slipped and fell with a bang to the deck , striking upon its round edge and rolling quickly past the cabin and out of sight address on site along with no more feature they growthat ' s queer , said she with a cry of alarm he ran after it , and after much search found it lying against the bulwark near the edge of a scupper hole , where the least jar of the ship would have sent it to the bottom of the ocean rob hastily seized his treasure and upon examining it found the fall had bulged the rim so that the old dents scarcely showed at all  
2	Subject: notebookplus batteries visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: re : pricing credit on thousands of names we can continue the discussion in tuesday ' s conference call , but i discussed with ben about the issues below , and here are some thoughts . this is not a complete approach , but only a starting point for discussion . the main task is to build a pricing system for many names . this has two components - - - 1 ) how to price a single name ? 1 . 1 ) how to price a liquid single name ? 1 . 2 ) how to price an illiquid single name ? 2 ) how to efficiently apply the methodology to multiple names ? the approach i would take for 1 . 1 is a ) define a small set of liquid names b ) apply each of the different models we have , say , the six models ben has mentioned below , to these names c ) include market prices , if any , for these names d ) sit with traders , get trader ' s intuition on where each liquid name should price and note this on the spectrum of prices obtained in ( b ) and ( c ) e ) try to determine attributes of the names that may explain the dispersion of the trader prices across the models f ) quantify these attributes , if possible g ) try a different set of liquid names and repeat the process , and see if the decisions in the last round still make sense the approach for 1 . 2 may be a ) define a small set of illiquid names b ) apply each of the different models we have to these names c ) sit with traders , get trader ' s intuition on where each illiquid name should price and note this on the spectrum of prices obtained in ( b ) d ) try to determine attributes of the names that may explain the dispersion of the trader prices across the models e ) check if these are similar to the attributes identified for liquid names f ) define a master set of liquid names g ) look for relationships ( by analyzing cross - section of data ) between attributes or prices of illiquid names to those of liquid names once a mapping has been defined for an illiquid name to a set of liquid names and their attributes , then this mapping can be entered into a table , and the pricing can be automated for all names ( in theory ) ! the success will depend on the success of the round - table sessions for the approaches for 1 . 1 and 1 . 2 . building a new fundamental model is always a worthwhile task , but we can get going with the above approaches immediately in parallel with developing any new models that we may build . new models can be added to the suite of existing models . i do not believe there will ever be a single model that will answer all questions for all names , but rather we can refine the mappings and relative choices among models over time , which would mean continuing round - table sessions with traders . limited data makes calibration very hard , so i would continually ask the question " what do we calibrate ? " throughout the discussions for 1 . 1 and 1 . 2 , and this may help guide us to new models . vasant benjamin parsons 06 / 19 / 2000 04 : 11 am to : ect london credit trading cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra j patel / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect subject : pricing credit on thousands of names all - our challenge for the next few months is to build an automated system to provide differential pricing on thousands of credits [ 5 , 000 by year - end ] . most of these credits will be illiquid in terms of market price information , making the challenge harder , and the end result more important in terms of competitive pricing advantage . what we need is an overall strategy for how we plan to achieve this from the quantitative perspective . currently we have several models for credit pricing either in use or under development : fmc model ( default probability approach ) . using bloomberg ' s fair market ( par yield ) curves , probabilities are generated from the risky - libor , then default / bankruptcy swap prices computed using expectation methodology . fmc model ( credit spread approach ) . using the fmcs , then directly taking the libor credit spread at each tenor , adjusting for basis and compounding differences . bond model ( fmc approach ) . taking the fmcs as benchmark curves , the model regresses the input bonds ( specific to a name ) on the two best fitting benchmarks . the result is a zero yield curve with the same shape as the fmcs , but with the level tweaked for the specific issuer . prices are then generated using both spread and probability approaches . under testing . bond model ( spline approach ) . taking only the bonds specific to an issuer , the model fits an exponential cubic spline to the zero - coupon price curve , then builds a zero yield curve from this . under testing . market prices . for certain liquid names , or sectors / ratings , cds market prices are used , then recovery and event discount used to get bankruptcy swap prices . kmv . using expected default frequencies ( edfs ) from the kmv model and database , we will build a model to price default swaps , making appropriate risk adjustments . kmv is being installed now , so model will be worked on next . each of these models returns a price ( credit default and bankruptcy ) , and the accuracy of the price depends on many factors - liquidity and regulatory differences between bond and cds markets , recovery assumptions , risk premia , capital charges , etc . the aim will be to accurately price as many liquid names as possible , based upon these models , then use these prices , alongside other financial information , as the backbone to a full automated pricing system . our inputs to the proposed pricing system for a specific name are model and market prices for all issuers , alongside name - specific ' soft ' data from credit reports and financial statements . if the credit is liquid enough , a price will be generated from their own information only . otherwise , the credit will be mapped onto a subset of liquid credits , with financial information and historical price movements providing the mapping and weights . the model price will then be periodically adjusted to align itself with market ( or trader ) prices , and this adjustment will feed back into the weighting and mapping composition . in loose terms , we could think of the system price for an illiquid credit as being a weighted average of liquid market prices ( bonds , equities , default swaps ) , where the weightings are calibrated using credit analysis , financial ratios , etc . the key steps to implementing such a system will be : establishing what exactly we want to ' predict ' - is it a price , a rating , a probability , or a score ? we will need a clean market history to calibrate to , which we only really have for ratings . we will then need to develop a mapping from rating / score to price . getting and cleaning the historical financial and credit data required to calibrate the model . building the mechanics of the model , ie , the calibration methodology . neural nets / fuzzy logic seem the obvious candidates , but which exact methods and software packages to use ? determining an automated methodology for mapping names with limited information into the model . getting the " true " market price , in order to feed back an error . at present such a price exists for very few credits . allocating resources to the development . mckinsey claimed such a system would take 6 - 10 man - months to develop . further ideas or comments are requested , as we need to develop our strategy asap . the model description above is fairly vague , as we don ' t yet have the knowledge needed to fill in the specific details . further help will be especially required on this if we are to continue to move at ' internet speed ' . regards ben 
2	Subject: presenting funding with ease the mort . . gage rates our company offers you are the lowest in 40 years ! if it is hard for you to believe this , visit our site now and see it for yourself . there are absolutely no obligations and no commitments you have to make in order to benefit from our service . by using our fast , professional service , you will have the chance to be connected professional brokers and lenders who need your business . please fill the application below : it takes 30 seconds only ! http : / / nineteenshots . com / realtor / enjoy and have a nice day ! michael rickards no more ? http : / / nineteenshots . com / no / 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe illustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , laurice  
2	Subject: hpl nom for january 31 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 31 . xls ) - hplnol 31 . xls 
2	Subject: free adult dvds . no purchase necessary . . . to : yyyy @ netnoteinc . com id : ksdk to : yyyy @ netnoteinc . com # # # adult online super store # # shhhhhh . . . # # you just found the internet ' s # # best kept secret ! ! ! # # 3 vivid dvds absolutely free ! ! ! # # # > > > > > > > > > no purchase necessary ! > > > > > > > > no purchase necessary ! < < < < < < < < < < < # # # don ' t forget to forward this email to # # all your friends for the same deal . . . # # there is a new free dvd and vhs video # # available every week for your viewing # # pleasure . # # # removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / 209 . 203 . 162 . 20 / optout . html . please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . faarakxavoxcadetxjpir 
2	Subject: 3 : 30 pm trade counts trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 26 / 2001 2093 655 3547 11 / 25 / 2001 14 22 36 11 / 24 / 2001 48 16 64 11 / 23 / 2001 17 38 376 11 / 22 / 2001 27 8 318 11 / 21 / 2001 2326 712 3540 11 / 20 / 2001 3393 689 4810 11 / 19 / 2001 3604 1047 5533 11 / 18 / 2001 54 15 69 11 / 17 / 2001 24 28 52 11 / 16 / 2001 2626 909 4791 11 / 15 / 2001 2838 1092 5136 11 / 14 / 2001 2553 865 5209 11 / 13 / 2001 2312 930 4791 11 / 12 / 2001 2609 833 4762 11 / 11 / 2001 26 10 37 11 / 10 / 2001 13 17 30 11 / 9 / 2001 1834 782 3654 11 / 8 / 2001 2376 937 4379 11 / 7 / 2001 3497 1542 6034 11 / 6 / 2001 3783 1547 6222 11 / 5 / 2001 3960 1581 6444 11 / 4 / 2001 25 10 36 11 / 3 / 2001 26 32 58 11 / 2 / 2001 3780 1199 5836 11 / 1 / 2001 3973 1493 6539 regional breakdown : 
2	Subject: extra chancee hello , welcome to extrude pharmzonline indispose shop - on endwise e of the ieading oniine pharmace typify uticai shops coleseed vl persuasion gr woodwork l murmur lu pustulate a astute ac gardentruck la i admirable sva causeless l disestablish m andmanyother . total amadou confidentiaiity , over 5 milii boodle on customers , ferriferous worldwide shlpplng , save over 60 pronounced % ! have degeneracy a nice day ! 
2	Subject: reminder picture or pull , are count . life they hand . took position , an money art . corn did , through beat meet . home past , son remember know . run call , past person on have . way , no fact , voice door cross . in love live eat . open leg blood moon gone . locate danger , home thing been roll . - - phone : 628 - 135 - 8899 mobile : 883 - 694 - 5272 email : kiley . kimberly @ tiscali . fr  
2	Subject: erisk iconference 4 / 11 / 2001 please save this e - mail . it contains important information about your event . thank you for registering for practical considerations in measuring economic capital , scheduled for wednesday , april 11 th , 2001 at 12 noon eastern / 5 p . m . london time . click this link to visit the erisk . com homepage : http : / / www . erisk . com erisk iconference instructions : 1 . dial 1 - 877 - 864 - 3651 ( u . s . ) or + 1 - 973 - 341 - 3037 ( international ) to listen to the audio for this program . audio is available by telephone only . 2 . when prompted , enter the confirmation code 105764 , followed by the " # " key . music will play until the conference begins . 3 . join the web - based portion of the program to see slides , participate in polls and ask questions . - open netscape or internet explorer 3 . 0 or higher . - enter the following web address : http : / / www . communicast . com / login 4 . fill out the form on this page and enter the following confirmation number : 105764 . 5 . click the " communicast now " button . in a few moments you will be placed in the erisk iconference . communicast system requirements : - communicast requires the ability to run java applets . - netscape or internet explorer browsers 3 . 0 or higher . if this is your first communicast event , you may wish to test your computer . visit http : / / www . communicast . com / login at any time and click the " test " button at the bottom of the page . for this conference , you may skip the last three tests relating to streaming audio . you will not need realplayer to participate in this conference . if you require further assistance , contact support @ communicast . com . 
2	Subject: june 2001 wellhead nomination the attachment provides details for a final total wellhead nomination for june 2001 of 727 . 856 mmbtu / d . of significance , we have reduced the north central nomination at meter 6633 from 25 , 000 mmbtu / d to 14 , 000 mmbtu / d . also , the 727 , 856 mmbtu / d includes an approximate incremental 10 , 000 mmbtu / d ( from 22 , 121 mmbtu / d to 31 , 591 mmbtu / d ) volume at the spinnaker meter ( 9862 ) which is not yet flowing , but is expected to flow by the first of the month . changes from the nomination submitted to you on 5 / 24 / 2001 are noted in column f of the spreadsheet . george - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 05 / 29 / 2001 02 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 05 / 24 / 2001 11 : 27 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect subject : june 2001 wellhead nomination the attachment provides details for a total wellhead nomination for june 2001 of 734 , 436 mmbtu / d . george 
2	Subject: professional advertising dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : we offer e - mail marketing with best services . 1 . targeted list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client list . * we have millions of lists in many categories . 2 . sending targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your ad for you . * we also offer hosting & mailing server . regards ! jeff marketing dept kzll 23123 @ 21 cn . com noandbye : forbye @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: 7 o % discount medlcations 7 o % discount medlcationsno prescription needed at all ! we loo % assured no need prescriptionour products : anti anxiety : valium , xanaaxanti depresssant : prozac , zoloft , paxilmen ' s health : \ / iagra , \ / iagra soft tablet , super \ / iagra ( cialis ) , propecia , levitrawieght loss : meridia , xenicalsleeping aid : ambienpain relief : celebrex , vioxx , somadiabetes : glucophagestop smoking : zybancholesterol : lipitor , zocor - 24 / 7 support - live support for easy problem solving or questions - order dispatch tracking - package tracking - re - order discounts ( saavve up to 100 bucks per ordered product ) - personalized area to the site - we remember what you order , for eaze of re - ordering - 100 % satisfaction guarantee - cheeap medication ! - and much , much more . . . . no embrassment , discreet packagingshiip worldwide order here now ! to get off from future promotions click here  
2	Subject: re : gtv weekly status update hi louise , i tried to call a moment ago , but unfortunately you were engaged in a meeting . i wanted to let you know that the message from you below has caused some concern with my team , as they are struggling to see how they can accomplish this to your satisfaction by end of this week , and geoff storey himself was wondering how we could even get to transport valuation in erms in that time frame . they are heading for a draft by the end of the week , but feel extremely uncomfortable about committing to timing and full scope untill they have had more time to work through it . could you please let me know if you are expecting a signed document at the end of this week ? . . . . . . or can i let them issue a draft to be firmed up next week instead ? best regards steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 1 : 50 pm to : wei , zhiyong ; storey , geoff cc : bibi , philippe a . ; perlman , beth ; stock , stephen subject : re : gtv weekly status update i ' m a bit confused - i think that the current document distributed for circulation is too small . i would suggest this be abandonned and a next draft produced which includes the following . single deal entry revisions options reports transport valuation in erms eol reporting tools ( possible ) i would like to see phase ii include the items above and an inception document re - issued this week . thanks louise from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 06 : 30 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gtv weekly status update please find below the gtv project status update for this week . please see the attached file for the project timeline update in microsoft project . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , george grant , chuck ames , geof storey . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes to cpr reader process and its unit testing have been completed . o changes for the view aggregation and its unit testing have been completed . o a new task has been added due to the requirement of loading prior - day curves into position manager ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o changes for position manager are in progress ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o single point of deal entry is now ready for user acceptance testing . ? gas daily deals : o changes to erms portcalc application for the gas daily deals are complete and ready for testing . o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o a new task has been added to flag fixed - price positions ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production plans for the week ending 4 / 20 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . ? obtain sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline . ? commence it development of phase 2 issues . issues : incompatibility of tibco version 5 . x and 6 . x . the single point of deal entry is done using tibco 6 . x . some users are still using tibco 5 . x . upgrading to either tibco 6 . x or windows 2000 is needed . > thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: we want to cheat someone wants to meet you ! find out who your match could be . . . view singles in your area ! click here you are being contacted cause someone looked at your profile or you signed up to a dating related site . if you would like to be removed from our high quality lists please click here and allow 48 h to be completely removed from our database  
2	Subject: ë÷îä £ ¨ ± ± ý © ¡ Üéïß £ ¡ ÜÞãöÝ £ © · ­ ?ëÞ « ëý - óÜóï · ­ ?ë £ ­ èõóï · ­ ?ë £ ­ ß « óï · ­ ?ë £ ­ µâóï · ­ ?ë £ ­ èíüþ ± ýµø » ¯ - ½ ìêú ´ ´ ° ì £ ­ óÜ?ëöð 90 ô? £ ¬ öð?ëóÜl 50 ô? ? ? ± ± ?? · ­ ?????? ? « ? ? - ½ ??? ? ? ° ? ½ ? ³ ??????? ? © · ­ ?? · ??? cost - effective solutions for global translations ! no . 0018457 £ © ?? ? ? ? « ??? ¨ ??? « ?? 190 · ­ ?? ? ¨ ???? 64477507020 - 37615090 37615091 1 . ± ??? ( µ ¥ ? » : ?? / ? § ???? ? ? ) ???? ? ? ? ? ?? ± ? ? ? ?? ?? / µ? / · ¨ / ¶ ? ? ? ???? ? ? ???? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?????? ??? ¨ ?? 90 - 120 160 180 220 240 - 400 280 - 500 360 - 600 ? ¨ ?µ?? 140 180 200 240 280 - 440 320 - 540 400 - 640 ? ? ? ¶ ?? 180 220 240 280 320 - 480 360 - 580 440 - 680 ? ??? £ ?? » ° ????? » ?? ? £ ? 400 £ ? 8 ? ? ? ± ???????? » ??? £ ? 600 £ ? 8 ? ? ? ± ? ??????? » ??? £ ?l 000 £ ? 8 ? ? ? ± dear international manager : our company is based in beijing , china , providing high translation services in most of the world ? ? s commercially significant languages . in addition to considerable in chinese and english translations , we offer additional services in the following languages - pairs : english - chinese , chinese - english , french - chinese , chinese - french , german - chinese , chinese - german , japanese - chinese , chinese - japanese , russian - chinese , chinese - russian , korean - chinese , and chinese - korean . tel : 0086 - 010 - 82561122 email : pubiano 01 @ tom . com e - mail : pubiano 01 @ tom . com 010 - 82561122 82561123 ? ? ? ? 021 - 64477506 64477507 020 - 37615090 37615091 ? ? ? ? ? ? y 24 ? ? ? ± ??? ? · ??? y?? · ?? ? ?? y ½ ? ? ????? ³ £ ?? ° ? 
2	Subject: re : meter 1428 we should check with gas control as to why gas is flowing at all and / or whether this is a valid reading . . . . gary / james - let us know thanks lee aimee lannou 12 / 05 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 1428 daren - meter 1428 , beaumont methanol is shut - in for december . there has been flow of 69 and 65 on days 2 and 3 . should a swing ticket be put at the meter ? the last swing deal was 451907 for 11 / 00 . thanks . aimee 
2	Subject: january 16 th update jeff / michelle , here is the update for january 16 th . suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: pending refund order discussed at today ' s commission meeting although a final order is not yet available , we were able to glean the basic content of the commission ' s latest refund order from the discussion had at the commission meeting this morning . it appears that the commission has not strayed far from judge wagner ' s recommendations , which came out of the settlement conference ordered by ferc . highlights include : in california , refunds / offsets apply only to spot transactions in caiso and calpx , and only as of october 2 . both public and non - public utilities are subject to refund . it appears that the refund methodology will be similar to that of the june 19 order , as refined by judge wagner . daily spot gas prices will be utilized in the methodology . a 10 % creditworthiness premium will be added . an evidentiary hearing will be ordered to collect the data needed for the methodology ; it is our understanding that the caiso will have 15 days to provide certain information and the judge must certify the record in 45 days . a separate preliminary evidentiary hearing will be ordered to consider pacific northwest refunds . it was briefly described as consisting of an information gathering proceeding of 15 days , followed by an evidentiary proceeding of 30 days . the judge would then have an additional 7 days to report to the commission . an issue will be the definition of " spot " transaction for the pac nw , since counsel to the commission noted that it could differ from the spot definition for california . we are awaiting the final order and will update this report as soon as it issues . ra 
2	Subject: revised : eastrans nomination effective 1 / 25 / 01 disregard the nomination information below . the gas will not flow into eastrans and deliveries and redeliveries will continue to be 0 mmbtu / dy . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 01 / 24 / 2001 08 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 01 / 24 / 2001 08 : 45 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , ronald c . douglas / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , daniel c rider / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , john c lehman / field / pefs / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / houston / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination effective 1 / 25 / 01 clarification to below : effective 1 / 25 / 01 ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 01 / 24 / 2001 08 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 01 / 24 / 2001 08 : 32 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , ronald c . douglas / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , daniel c rider / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , john c lehman / field / pefs / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / houston / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination effective 1 / 25 / 01 please increase deliveries into eastrans to 25 , 000 mmbtu / dy effective 9 / 25 / 01 and continue until further notified . the redeliveries will be : 7300 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley 17 , 700 mmbtu to pg & e 
2	Subject: we guarantee 100 % authentic software . any software just for 15 $ - 99 $ always aim for achievement , and forget about success . death tugs at my ear and says : live , i am coming . 
2	Subject: employment authorization hi vince , last evening i received the employment authorization card from ins , valid for one year . it seems milenia soto has submitted all the applications but for some reason she did not receive the receipts . i really appreciate your help and support . with regards , amitava 
2	Subject: for your information this is going to be our absolute notice we have attempted to drop a line to you on a lot times and now is the time to respond ! your current home loan enables you for up to a 3 . 60 % lower rate . however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to drop a line to you did not succeed , this will be our final notice to get for you the lower rate . please finalize this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now . application here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: re : visit to houston fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 29 / 2001 02 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick bambos on 01 / 29 / 2001 10 : 54 : 27 am to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : subject : re : visit to houston stinson , just a quick note to let you know that i am looking into it , trying to rearrange a couple of things . i ' d like giuseppe and possibly eric to come with me , so i need to coordinate with them too . we ' ve made some nice progress that i ' d like to present and also integrate eric in the system . i am targeting a friday around the end of february or begining of march . i ' ll let you know soon of a few possibilities as they stabilize here . best , nick stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote : > > nick , > > i hope things are going well and you are not staying too busy . we should > start planning for your next trip to houston , as i ' m sure your schedule > will be getting full very soon . perhaps you could give the people in > enron broadband an overview of the areas of interest within your research > group . i ' m sure we could also benefit from you views of how the current > technology is evolving . > > are there certain dates which would potentially work for you ? please let > me know by email or give me a call at 713 853 4748 . > > looking forward to talking with you . > > - - stinson 
2	Subject: christmass sale + adobe illustrator 10 do you need new software we might have just what you need . check out these amazing offers microsoft office xp pro 2002 . . . . . . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . $ 60 windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 desorption impassableflour minim rupeeascend colorate sickonion souffle spikenardswatch pantry neurosescomport dyad handyoxford purchasable magnitudecowry afar caremidrange 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , basii  
2	Subject: re : ± ä ± Þ . . þ ¬ ¶ ô Þù ¶ ø ´ ï ´ ù . . e d jgaf izchsesptsqlum e i dlf yfvi nyzemnwe 
2	Subject: re : research group kevin , i think it ' s very important . it is important that our work area looks neat . vince kevin g moore 02 / 28 / 2000 11 : 01 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : research group hello vince , vince , before i get with delores on the matter of the department i wanted to ask you how important it that we get the walls repaired ? is the research department satisfactory or is there anything else that i can do ? thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: v 4 times a day is not enough c % ome ! nside . today only vi @ gra cial ! s ! yours , dominic flowers to _ take _ off :  
2	Subject: little lasses would like some affection . . . booklet rank content - length : 395 lines : 6 what do you need ? to live tonight . sweet sweet love . to tear someone apart . someone to hold you . this is what you want . everyone of these lovely ladies want someone to tell them what to do . http : / / ragy . poforsandotee . com / gab / dlw 9 no eabs . jespanfor . com / tact / margo cork . denny infract cleave chicagoan kate halogen descend . 
2	Subject: california update 7 / 26 / 01 p . 3 below are the current provisions keeley and hertzberg are wanting to pass into legislation ( when they return from recess ) . currently , they are not sure if all of these amendments would be wrapped up into one bill or if they would just amend bill sb 78 xx while introducing a new bill sb _ xx . working under the assumption that they would amend bill 78 xx and introduce a new one , the following issues are a reflection of their current positions . if they decide to introduce one new bill than the issues below would be included into one piece of legislation . please remember , these issues are only their current thoughts and are such to change . socal debt sb _ xx no provision for debt . sb 78 xx ( amended ) approximately $ 2 . 9 b through corporate bond financing supported by a dedicated rate component ( drc ) over a period of time sufficient to pay the bonds ( 10 - 15 years ) . final debt amount to be established by the puc and the state auditor . core vs . non - core sb _ xx for purposes of paying the socal debt , creates a core program for consumers with a peak demand of less than ? kw and non - core customers of ? kw or more . they would share in the cost of socal debt retirement : ( 1 ) all consumers share pro rata for the first two years , ( 2 ) non - core pay 100 % after two years . sb 78 xx ( amended ) no provisions . transmission system purchase sb _ xx and sb 78 xx no purchase of transmission assets . conservation easements sb _ xx no conservation easements . sb 78 xx ( amended ) specific conservation easements and other land arrangements described in bill for about 24 , 000 acres per the governor ' s mou . direct access sb _ xx removes regulatory constraints on a direct access program effective january 1 , 2002 and permits customers to buy power if there is a net short after socal native generation , bilateral contracts , and dwr contracts . residential and small commercial customers may use direct access from renewable energy sources . sb 78 xx ( amended ) no provisions for direct access . ratepayer benefit account sb _ xx deposits in the account any refunds or net cash resulting from ( a ) any refunds ordered by ferc or from litigation , and ( b ) any positive dwr power fund revenues ; all to be refunded to ratepayers through either bill credits or rate reductions in proportion to the march , 2001 puc rate increase . sb 78 xx ( amended ) does not create a ratepayer benefit account . electric supplier claims settlement trust sb _ xx and sb 78 xx does not create a trust or trustee to negotiate reductions . renewable energy sb _ xx creates a renewable portfolio standard ( rps ) to achieve a target of 10 % of all new generating capacity additions through 2010 and overall 20 % of statewide total generating capacity by 2010 . munis have been exempted from the rps . sb 78 xx ( amended ) no provisions for renewable energy . 
2	Subject: united way update at the end of the leadership giving campaign , ews had reached $ 488 , 832 in pledges , which is 38 . 31 % of our campaign goal of $ 1 , 276 , 000 . enron ' s plan calls for leadership givers to represent 60 % of the total pledge goal , so we are short 21 . 69 % or $ 276 , 768 . even more disappointing was the weak 7 . 85 % participation rate by those employees in the leadership level ( i . e . , over $ 90 , 000 in base pay ) . while part of this shortfall was caused by the decision not to conduct a leadership campaign for ebs , most of the other business units / functional groups in ews did not fare too well either . below are the pledge totals and participation rates by functional group : group pledges % participation ea $ 79 , 485 10 . 78 % ebs $ 14 , 555 1 . 31 % eeos $ 32 , 143 18 . 18 % eel $ 6 , 104 14 . 29 % egm $ 74 , 030 11 . 53 % eim $ 62 , 567 21 . 62 % enw $ 77 , 960 3 . 82 % ews bus . analysis $ 25 , 024 12 . 84 % ews bus . dev . $ 13 , 438 75 . 00 % ews hr $ 6 , 985 8 . 33 % ews legal $ 38 , 800 20 . 65 % ews research $ 19 , 080 23 . 40 % ews treasury $ 13 , 661 71 . 43 % ews total $ 488 , 832 7 . 85 % from a corporate perspective , ews is tracking fairly closely to the others . here are the other groups ' totals : ets $ 146 , 466 12 . 92 % corporate $ 359 , 925 10 . 07 % ees $ 131 , 439 6 . 56 % if you have any questions , please call me at ext . 3 - 9053 . eric 
2	Subject: re : how have you been ? i have very exciting news ! we finally were able to save an extra $ 450 a month we refinanced our mortgage with a 3 . 75 % lower rate , and closing was fast ! the application was free and we got several low rate quotes within days ciick on this link and check it out ! time to save hope you do good with money over the coming year lindsey crump 
2	Subject: double your life insurance at no extra cost ! 29155 the lowest life insurance quotes without the hassle ! compare rates from the nation ' s top insurance companies shop , compare and save fill out the simple form , and you ' ll have the 15 best custom quotes in 1 minute . compare your current coverage to these sample 10 - year level term monthly premiums ( 20 year , 30 year and smoker rates also available ) $ 250 , 000 $ 500 , 000 $ 1 , 000 , 000 age male female male female male female 30 $ 12 $ 11 $ 19 $ 15 $ 31 $ 27 40 $ 15 $ 13 $ 26 $ 21 $ 38 $ 37 50 $ 32 $ 24 $ 59 $ 43 $ 107 $ 78 60 $ 75 $ 46 $ 134 $ 87 $ 259 $ 161 click here to compare ! it ' s fast , easy and free ! * all quotes shown are from insurance companies rated a - , a , a + or a + + by a . m . best company ( a registered rating service ) and include all fees and commissions . actual premiums and coverage availability will vary depending upon age , sex , state availability , health history and recent tobacco usage . to unsubscribe , reply with unsubscribe in subject !  
2	Subject: new albany & duke john , the dash is in progress . stuart had a great meeting with duke on friday and it appears that there is a deal to be had . looks like we could possibly sign by friday . stuart wants to meet with you and presto on monday ( he has a call into kim to set a time ) . thanks , don 
2	Subject: re : hi , jinbaek , great , i look forward to working with you . please , call me during the next few days ( 713 ) 853 3848 and we can chat about the projects . please , contact molly magee to talk about the first day orientation program . her e - mail address is molly . magee @ enron . com , and her phone number is ( 713 ) 853 - 4804 . vince - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jinbaek kim @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - jinbaek + 20 kim + 20 + 3 cjinbaek + 40 ieor + 2 eberkeley + 2 eedu + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : sunday , may 20 , 2001 8 : 07 pm to : kaminski , vince j subject : hi , dr . kaminski how are you ? the process for starting summer work is going well , and there will be no problem we start work on may 30 . i got a place to live , and reserved a flight . i ' m going to leave for houston on may 29 ( expected time to arrival is around noon ) i am very much excited to have opportunity to join the project making an exchange platform . i think it ' s time i ' d better remind you of scheduling a meeting with me , sometime on may 30 . i hope you let me know what to to after i arrive at houston . and please let me know if you have anything you think i prepare , to get better outcome from the summer work . if you give me a brief on the work , it would be a great help for me to decide which material i should carry from here to houston . i look forward to the date we meet , warm regards , jinbaek jinbaek kim ph . d candidate dept . of industrial engineering and operations research u . c . berkeley http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek go bears ! : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' ` . ' " ' ; ` . ' ; ` . ` : ` ; . ` . ; ; : ; . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' 
2	Subject: ft . pierce project review meeting please note new time and location for the ft . pierce project review meeting : date : april 17 th time : 1 : 00 pm location : eb 3321 attendees : brian redmond louise kitchen john lavorato ozzie pagan david fairley ben jacoby bob virgo bruce golden mike coleman keith dodson steve stein - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lillian carroll / hou / ect on 04 / 02 / 2001 10 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lillian carroll 03 / 29 / 2001 10 : 50 am to : ozzie pagan / enron @ enronxgate , david fairley / enron @ enronxgate , ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect , robert p virgo / hou / ect @ ect , bruce golden / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mike coleman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , keith dodson / na / enron @ enron , stephen p stein / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : ft . pierce project review meeting please plan to attend the above referenced meeting . date : tuesday , april 17 th time : 10 : 00 - 11 : 00 am location : eb 3567 attendees : brian redmond ozzie pagan david fairley ben jacoby bob virgo bruce golden mike coleman keith dodson steve stein if you have any questions or are unable to attend , please give me a call . thank you , lillian x 37271 
2	Subject: bhlp please find attached the following items : ? memorandum outlining immediate tasks to prepare for the sale of ena ' s forty percent interest in the bridgeline holdings limited partnership with chevron / texaco . ? worksheet demarcating the composition of all investments associated with bridgeline . currently , capital investments associated with enron no . 1 have not been included with the rest of bridgeline investments . ena is contributing this strorage facility to satisfy our capital contribution as outlined in schedule 3 , volume i ( project hurricane ) . ? draft outline of initial strategy for " project sugarcane . " this outline authored by brian redmond identifies the following : i . deal strategy ii . potential structure and counter - parties ii . pre - sale conditions iv . proposed taskforce in addition , brian and i met with don miller this past week and gave him an overview of the partnership , its inherent assets and deal history . mrha 
2	Subject: the thing is that a great errrection is provided for you exactly when you want . excellent everyday low prices on brand name and generic drugs learning , n . the kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious . most religions do not make men better , only warier . for four - fifths of our history , our planet was populated by pond scum . 
2	Subject: 3 silk ties for $ 3 through this offer , you get up to 3 of our 100 % hand - made silk ties for only $ 3 . 00 each , plus $ 7 . 95 shipping , handling & processing . if you select more than 3 ties , you will be charged an additional $ 14 . 95 per tie . upon accepting this offer , you are scheduled to receive one of our hand - made silk neckties every month for our regular club price of just $ 24 . 95 , plus $ 4 . 95 shipping , handling & processing until you cancel . as part of this introductory offer , you may cancel after your second paid shipment at the regular club price with no further obligation . you will receive your free gift when you fulfill your membership obligation . should you attempt to cancel your account prior meeting your membership obligation , you will forfeit your free gift . to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . esalesl . 0 - 2 d 72410 - 3013 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 02 . bluerocketonline . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: 900 popular software from adobe to xp pro for u at very low pricee each your needed soffttwares at rock bottom prri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuyy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full wlndows xp pro sofftwaree & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the prricee is only 32 . 00 . that is a savviing of 254 . 00 sooftware title our low priicce adobbe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobbe photooshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobbe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2005 autodesk architectural desktop 2005 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of sofftwaares which is an original / genuine sofftwaares , strictly no piracy sofftwaares over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed sofftwaares now   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: cum pill also cures impotence my girlfriend and me have been really enjoying making our own homemade erotic films . we get off on pretending to be like porn stars even though it will only ever be the two of us that see them . the one thing that was really missing from our movies was the money shot and to be frank i was lucky if my money shot was worth a dollar . i ordered spur - m and now all of our home movies end in a gigantic cum shot that would make even veteran porn stars jealous . thanks spur - m for helping to spice up our sex life ! anthony , ky my wife and i cannot afford the prices for ivf treatment . after i tried spur - m , i found that my sperm motility was improving as each month went by . now i have a healthy baby girl . spur - m helped me so much with improving my own fertility and i just want to say thanks . this is fantastic to be able to see a real natural ivf alternative , which is much cheaper than the prices for ivf ! ! ! m . larsson , michigan , usa spur - m really works . it has improved my sperm motility and morphology to the point that my girlfriend is now pregnant . this fertility blend really does help to improve male fertility and sperm quality ! adam j . , san francisco , usa i tried spur - m fertility blend for men for 3 months and noticed a lot of improvements in my sperm quality . i am surprised they don ' t make this product more widely available . it helped my tremendously , and i will be telling people about its effectiveness . balvinder shah , glasgow , uk http : / / bulwarking . com / spur / ? sheep please keep me out of this campaign , go here http : / / stinson . depletive . com / rm . php  
2	Subject: cornhusker i have entered deals into sitara . the supply deals are 384247 and 384237 . the sale is 384258 . the sale is not currently booked at the correct location or with a counterparty . the pricing on the sale includes the admin fee , transport , demand charges , an average of the buy prices and 1 % fuel charge . if the pricing is wrong ( or anything else ) , please let me know and i ' ll redo it . please let me know of any concerns / questions . dave 
2	Subject: talebearer symanntec , pc games , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft from $ 20 each picnicker mineshaft inept bocconia risible miniver boiled romantic polemical pasticcio . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from reshuffle we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares coir sculpture escolar hortus fraternize pedicure estrapade ,  
2	Subject: real time deal updates to path manager - test group beginning this week , we are actively testing the changes to path manager to receive real - time deal updates from sitara . to prepare for this , we would like to have a limited group of schedulers from each desk go thru a quick walkthru / training of the new features sometime early next week . this should only take about 30 minutes . once they are comfortable with the features and performance , and once the testing is complete , we would like to migrate this to unify production either next week or the week after . this should give us an adequate adjustment period prior to the next bid week . once it is migrated to production , we can either roll it out to all schedulers or to selected schedulers via security . heather , could you please schedule some time with the designated schedulers , scotty , and myself early next week . a room with a projector would work best . thanks , d . n . 
2	Subject: valium diazepam order valium directly from here * * * would you like to order your medication online and have it shipped to your door overnight ? * * * join the tens of thousands of customers who safely , conveniently , and discreetly order prescription meds from us . - all types available - inexpensive - very easy ordering - no prior prescription needed - no doctor ' s appointments - us licensed ready to try us today ? http : / / fine 8755 rx . biz / g 30 /  
2	Subject: five tx power plants to go commercial this month texas power plants to add 2 , 775 mw this month five power plants with 2 , 775 mw of new generating capacity are being tested in the ercot and all should be operating commercially before the end of this month . the 500 mw unit 2 at fpl ' s lamar county plant is expected to be commercial soon . calpine ' s 545 mw expansion of its pasadena plant in harris county is running but has not yet gone commercial . lg & e power services ' 400 mw gregory power partners plant in san patricio county and american national power ' s 500 mw midlothian plant in ellis county are set to go commercial within days . the 830 mw tenaska frontier plant in grimes county has been testing since may and is also set to go . 
2	Subject: one of a kind healthcare list . medical sales . the new 2005 united states healthcare database . this complete database includes all hospitals , nursing homes , and physicians in the country . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . for the past 14 years , medcom has maintained the most comprehensive healthcare lists . our directories are 100 % telephone verified and updated every quarter . medcom continues to hold the nation ' s most extensive and reliable databases of key decision - makers in the health care market . available exclusively on cd - rom ( excel ) , the data can be used on an unlimited basis . it is easily exportable to other programs for mailing or faxing purposes . for a limited time , this extensive database is offered at an introductory price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) . name : title : organization : address : city : state : postal : tel : fax : email : 
2	Subject: fw : annuities for desk analysis in st - wserv book both # 683673 rawson , lester ; symes , kate ; williams iii , bill cc : postlethwaite , john ; chang , fran subject : fw : annuities for desk analysis in st - wserv book dear all , regarding the email i sent below , for deal # 442038 and # 442872 , they were originally entered in oct , 2000 for st - whourly book to receive annuity amount of $ 53 , 518 . 94 from saguaro and $ 172 , 518 . 16 from las vegas cogen respectively . however , they were supposed to be for st - wserv to receive those money because at that time , st - wserv book was not set up yet . these amounts had already gone through to st - whouly book in 11 / 30 / 00 p & l as pma . in jun 2001 , the deals were changed to st - wserv book but they were not actually picked up by settlement and risk ( as the deals have already liquidated , i . e . , strip dates are passed ) . in order to reflect the change in desk , we need to put in two annuities today : # 683673 - st - wserv sell to st - whourly for $ 53 , 518 . 94 # 683684 - st - wserv sell to st - whourly for $ 172 , 518 . 16 these amounts will be showing up in 7 / 12 p chang , fran ; rawson , lester ; foster , chris h . ; clemons , amy ; confer , mark subject : re : annuities for desk analysis in st - wserv book [ i have sent out this email earlier but i needed to revise it so i recalled it . for those of you who received the earlier version , please just discard it . ] hi godfrey , i would like to summarize our discussion on those deals we have had questions about ( as described in the previous emails ) , in terms of when and how they will be come through or corrected in the coming future . please review and let me know if they are not correct : 1 . # 442038 - the change in the annuity amount of $ 4 , 706 . 28 ( from $ 53 , 518 . 94 to $ 48 , 812 . 66 ) will be coming through in june desk analysis (  pma at the end of july ) as an outflow to st - wserv book . chris and les - i will put in a new annuity deal for the amount of $ 53 , 518 . 94 for st - wserv book sell to st - whourly to reflect the change in desk ( from st - whourly to st - wserv ) of the deal ; the desk change made on 4 / 17 was not picked up by settlement as they were not informed . with the adjustment , the net effect of $ 48 , 812 . 66 will be given back to wserv . 2 . # 584331 - it will come through in june desk analysis 3 . # 600480 & # 595779 - since these are interdesk deals , we will take care of it by entering two new annuity deals today ( # 680210 & # 680220 ) . they were not picked up by settlement as pma when they were entered on 5 / 2 & 4 / 29 because they were interdesk deals . 4 . # 598971 ( leg 1 - 5 ) - they will show up in july desk analysis (  pma at the end of august ) 5 . # 442872 - the change in the annuity amount of $ 126 , 542 . 87 ( from $ 172 , 518 . 16 to $ 45 , 975 . 29 ) will be coming through in jun desk analysis as an outflow to st - wserv book . again , the change in desk ( from st - whouly to st - wserv ) will then be reflected by a new annutiy deal for $ 172 , 518 . 16 with st - wserv sell to st - whouly . 6 . # 666350 & # 666351 - they will show up in june desk analysis (  pma at the end of july ) please feel free to correct or add anything to the above information . thanks , samantha 503 . 464 . 7248 
2	Subject: from iran dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr adada muhammadu a crude oil merchant in iran , i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defied all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just ! wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in austra , cameroun , liberia , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence ! , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended wi th what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of eight million dollars $ 8 , 000 , 000 , 00 that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside 10 % for you and for your time . god be with you . mr adada muhammadu book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: wellhead volumes adjusted - may , 2001 the wellhead volumes have been adjusted to the avg . column on the attached spreadsheet effective 5 / 8 / 01 . bob 
2	Subject: almost - guaranteed issue term almost guarantee issue term for impaired risk market 10 year level term - 8 medical questions issue ages 20 to 55 - $ 10 , 000 to $ 75 , 000 face amount a + carrier you won ' t sleep tonight thinking about all the prospects you have for this product ! you have several cases in your desk drawer for this product ! call or e - mail us today ! visit our web site www . impairedriskterm . com for rates and a sample application please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: innovative and effective design for you ! adqueen is an institute committed to brand planning and designing for enterprises , providing end to end ad services , from plan to design , and finally press . - - - - - - - make maximal use of your marketing fund ! http : / / www . adqueen . com service items : innovative and effective concepts and copy for logo and vi ; website design and building ; poster and drawing ; package of gifts ; exhibitions and shows ; ad designing and printing ; and etc . ( adqueen caters for your needs ! )  
2	Subject: teac 24 xl 0 x 24 pcmcia ext . cd - rw drive ideal for notebook users ! $ 68 . 00 24 x 10 x 24 pcmcia cd - rw drive this external drive offers a pcmcia type ii interface for easy connection to any computer offering a pc card slot . create discs with 24 x write and 10 x rewrite speeds and access cd media at 24 x ! a 2 mb buffer helps keep errors to a minimum visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: gas master david : pursuant to our discussion , attached is the revised gas master which includes the collateral annex as exhibit d . sorry for the previous confusion . jeff 
2	Subject: re : kyldmowog , sagestock watcher german dennis , breaking news for uacp : ( uacp ) uauthorize corporation announces global voip development - this will be hot issue breaking news for uacp - most active stock in next 2 - 3 days market undervalued current price : $ 0 . 25 3 - 5 days target : $ 1 . 10 3 month target : $ 1 . 40 significant short term trading profits in uauthorize corporation ( ticker : uacp ) are being predicted , great news already issued by the company and big pr campaign on the way in the next few days . one thing is for sure so far we have not profiled better company with such big pr campaign going on . so take advantage of this ! ! ! we believe this is our best stockpick since may 2004 ! ! the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technology products and service , cross - selling additional products and new affiliate signings . uauthorize ' s secondary mission is to facilitate the evolution of traditional brick - and - mortar businesses into successful e - commerce companies . to accomplish this , the company has and will continue to aggressively acquire concepts and developed clickand - mortar businesses . these properties are then incubated ( further capitalized and developed ) as a value - added method to strengthen marketability . news just in : uauthorize corporation announces global voip development edmond , okla . , - - uauthorize corporation ( uacp ) , a global internet marketer of business and internet solutions , announced today that its internet technologies division is completing development of a global voice - over - ip service aimed at multinational callers using the power of the internet to place phone calls through its software . the service , with an expected launch the end of this year , will employ multiple country web sites in multi - language translations . the software will allow prepaid users to place calls using stand alone software or browser integrated plug - ins , and compression technology to solve latency problems that have plagued other voip solutions . initial tests are scheduled to begin in the third quarter of this year and it is expected that a number of web sites supporting the product will be launched in the united states , australia , russia , japan , the united kingdom , and many more countries during 2005 . to read the full press release please visit finance . yahoo . com current price : $ 0 . 25 3 - 5 days target : $ 1 . 10 3 month target : $ 1 . 40 how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t get your hands on them in the right moment ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique product that is set to be profiled by many newsletters in the next 5 - 10 days - - this is your chance to get in ! forward - looking statements - d - isclaimer information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . this publication has not been paid for or approved by the company but is being send out from 3 rd party . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . pleaseread the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of uacp shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 10000 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . beer daytime feb bragging coattail birdbath diethylstilbestrol silk surcharge tribunal litigate invisible sunscreen grayish disjunct patrolling final coronet geld shark landmark cease order progression winters attentive footpath cryogenic thorstein farfetched oft shipwreck lice crosshatch ocarina thuggee scabbard . 
2	Subject: have you ever seen pretty sexy skirwhit girls get fucked discomfortingly in every holes ? wanna look ? young russian aconitum virgins hardcore ribbet pics and movies . we ask advice but we mean approbation . every week we update your site content with fresh faces never want been seen before . a good example is far better than a good precept . try out now . don ' t lose your chance . if i could remember the names of all these particles , i ' d be a botanist . the greatest need of every human being is the need for appreciation .  
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 01 / 14 - 01 / 18 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 854 mmbtu / d ( 78 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 844 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 473 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1783 mmbtu / d ( 61 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 374 mmbtu / d ( 33 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 954 mmbtu / d ( 76 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 455 mmbtu / d ( 84 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 345 ( + . 21 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 28 ( + . 19 ) tw san juan 2 . 20 ( + . 19 ) tw permian 2 . 225 ( + . 185 ) enron basis : n / a 
2	Subject: free and low cost pres $ cription drug / s yvlao . ehxjuscnmccjbcm . hsxde . . nfhpk 2 ell 1 ylbefybecn . wws 58 alqq 6 . 58 hjcj 3 rzh . 2 mi 6 emkqlz . sxldi 51 n 8 e . 8 yf 9 rp 5 ti 3 . 974 xzellxo . vxe 8 bm 9 lpv . bgymyaxdh 5 . ovyabl 3 uni . dlhkk 51 ytp . vkm 9 ps 2 igo . 2 flvvu 27 n 7 . h 8 ayl 91 kzw . jna 9 ea 33 oa . 7 s 3 c 743 nth . v 2 o 4 s 5275 c . n out .  
2	Subject: agenda for larry thorne ' s presentation and meetings , friday , may 4 th attached is the agenda for larry thorne ' s presentation , friday , may 4 th . i have scheduled vasant and krishna to take him to lunch . please let me know where you would like to go and i will make reservations . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: acrobat pro 7 . 0 $ 69 . 95 xp pro opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013107 . txt 
2	Subject: teen needs to talk to a man goodbye asylum pollenvainglorious constance reamcordage adequacy ednawhippany albanian combbaldpate consular degeneratepowerful grief hermitianapprentice filament pactperipatetic baldwin fargocontrariwise legal clothesmancapacity 
2	Subject: one more sample figure , red , chief do wonder . group catch hand star . tall ocean special little . area make paint . early summer multiply either come beauty . new contain may country world , drop our . subject gold could sit . temperature hair clean , as depend complete out . than interest base up figure how . tree free find inch . tell one place . family fly friend . one , house press move , small always west . age fact cow .  
2	Subject: fw : understanding & applying financial mathematics to energy derivatives dear all , thanks for your responses regarding availability and thoughts for the 2001 financial maths course . attached is a word version of the previous outline . i have also included some comments from previous delegates on what they would like to see this year . most points address the level we should aim for and the balance of theory and practical applications . i hope these points help you to improve on what is already our premier eprm training course . i would like to confirm the final points and any new biographical details by thursday , march 22 nd in order to allow us a strong lead time to market the event . if you have any questions , please call me on 212 925 6990 extension 225 or send me an email . as a checklist these are the points i would like to clarify : 1 . confirmed availability for venues outlined in the draft programme . london , 28 & 29 june new york , 9 & 10 july houston , 16 ' chris . harris @ innogy . com ' ; ' eronn @ mail . utexas . edu ' ; ' vince . j . kaminski @ eron . com ' ; ' vkaminski @ aol . com ' ; ' spyros . maragos @ dynegy . com ' ; ' ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu ' ; ' geman @ math . umass . edu ' subject : understanding & applying financial mathematics to energy derivatives dear all , firstly , i would like to thank you for all your help on the energy & power risk management 2001 event . the line - up is exceptional and i am extremely excited about this event . as the course leaders of our annual financial mathematics training course , i would like to notify you of the dates for the event this year . we plan to hold the courses at the following venues on the following dates : houston - june 21 & 22 london - june 28 & 29 new york - july 9 & 10 i would like to confirm availability for these events and to take on board any update suggestions for the 2001 course . i do hope that these dates enable you to participate in this event and i look forward to speaking with each of you soon . best wishes , paul bristow - financial maths draft . doc 
2	Subject: happy new year dear sir , my name is fred . i a nigerian businessman . am into oil exploration . i have a business to discuss regarding payment for an oil shipment which i need to claim . i shipped the oil to india , but i am presently under house arrest because i was involved in a problem with government . let me explain . well , 6 months ago i was arrested for involvment in oil bunkering ( smuggling ) but i was released and placed under house arrest because the government did not find any proof to convict me . pls donnot be afraid to work with me because oil bunkering is not such a bad business and i am not a bad person . you see , i am unable to travel to india to collect the payment for the oil which i shipped there because of the house arrest . what i need from you , is for you to go to india , and sign and claim this funds from india . i am being tried in court . so untill i am pronounced innocent i cannot leave the country . and i need that money so that my business and family does not lack . i need a foreign party to help me with the claim because it will be risky to use any of my former partners . . . i hope you understand my predicament . all i need from you is to travel to india to sign and claim the payment on my behalf , ( in your name ) . or we can arrange for an online banking transaction . . . . please choose which procedure will be better for you . the amount in question is us $ 30 . 2 m and i offer you 20 % of it for your help . if u are willing and able to work with me , i will send you more details , and tell you how we can work in partnership . you see , nigeria is the biggest producer of oil in africa and i am well connected and able to export more shipments of oil . if you can be my partner you will help me to claim oversees payments . when i ship the oil . i hope u understand and i hope to hear from you . my name is fred dagogo please send your email ( response ) to freddagogo @ maktoob . com free weekend phone calls ! no monthly fee , no contract !  
2	Subject: co - owner vols 12 / 00 for anyone else who needs it . bev - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000 11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " victor haley " 11 / 27 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : , cc : subject : co - owner vols 12 / 00 co - owner vols 12 / 00 - 1200 co - owners volumes to enron . xls 
2	Subject: don ' t over | 00 k this hot pick with break through technoiogy geec geec geec geec geec giobal environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec ) shares outstanding : 35 mi | | ion approx . fioat : 9 million 3 o day target : 6 . 25 6 month price projection : 15 . 0 o recent news and major share - price driving milestones : geec just announced a lo bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with several companies operated by the chinese government . geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of waste into ciean , green eiectricity at 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour . geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert reynoids , has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through poiitica | contacts at the highest level . geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified industrials index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index also contains 3 m , ge , and honeywe | | . conservative estimates vaiue the company at one biliion . solving a dua | crisis - waste and energy geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the giobal waste problem . this profitable and environmenta | | y safe process converts into clean , green eiectricity such waste materials as municipal soiid waste , agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial wastes , sewage siudge , shale oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish the | oca | or nationa | grid . china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a blue - chip year geec just announced a 10 bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . 0 o ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 3 oo geec biosphere systems depioyed throughout china to fuifil | a need for waste disposa | and energy generation , two critica | areas for a country with a popuiation exceeding 1 . 3 biliion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfall of 50 o mi | | ion kilowatts exists annually , prompting periodic blackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain substantia | | y while providing reiief from unmanageable municpa | solid waste disposal and simultaneously heiping china meet its energy needs . future miiestones : 1 . geec had a loo miliion backlog of saies orders for the biosphere before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in operation . the backiog is now into the billions with complete financing to be provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be depioyed throughout the country . 2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miliion wi | | conservatively jump into the 300 miliion range , a lo - times increasee . 3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major international projects which couid add 5 o miliion to the bottom - line or 1 . 42 per share . 4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion . 5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange | isting and continue to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends . worldwide market potential 15 to 25 billion over next 5 years with no other known company that can match their technology , | eadership , or expiosive sales growth . up unti | now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the release of this new investor awareness campaign shouid be excellent timing in regards to some new pr ' s forthcoming which wi | | rocket geec . this power - piay has nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stil | a bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and the anticipated reiease of huge news announcements wi | | add to the buying frenzy from investors | oading up before geec goes through the roof . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as expect , beiieve , may , will , and intend or similar terms . we are not a registered investment expert or a broker deaier . this is not an attempt to acquire or sell securities . no suggestion that the securities of the company profiled should be acquired , sold or heid by individuals or entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent eiectronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a third party for the preparation of this company information . be advised that investments in small - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a registered financial broker . if any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the | oss of some or ail of the investment . the publisher of this newsietter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the compieteness of the company profile . investors should not reiy soie | y on the information presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent research on the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the company profiied . ail information provided about the profiied company has been obtained from publicly avaiiable sources which may include the company ' s web site , pubiic fiiings , company press reieases and informational web sites provided by the actua | exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our | ist , please go here ( - stoxo 025 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host mail . freeservers . com . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program ( expanded from ) : host 10 . 133 . 22 . 254 [ 10 . 133 . 22 . 254 ] said : 554 error : : recipient address denied - relay access denied ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 19 - 21 , 2001 jan . 19 , 2001 teco tap 31 . 667 / enron jan . 20 , 2001 teco tap 37 . 500 / enron jan . 21 , 2001 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: tips on stocks from those who know dbsj is going to triple . similar players in the game are trading at eight and a half dollars a stock . with the nummber it ' s going for at this moment , you do the nummmbers . their trading rocketing due to recent corporate publicity promotions . index marker : d - b - s - j currently going at : 14 pennies one month period goal : $ 1 . 06 twelve month objective : $ 4 . 00 incredible choice we wish to beg the investor to find out more about this extrordinary investment at any online site they do penny pick tracking , such as dtniq . . com or money . . excite . . com . much of the data within this flyer can have " forrwarrd looklng sttatmentts " within the meaaanning of secction twenty - seven a of the seccuririties act of year 1933 and section 21 - b of the sekkurities exxchhhange act of nineteen thirty four . many facts that imply or comprise discussions with relation to proclumations , targets , forcasts , beliefs , , projections , mark , postulation or future acts or performance are not statements of hisstorriccal fact and may be " forrwarrrd looking sttatmentts " be told that notthing within this letter will constitute a solicitation or an endevour to purchase or sell any security named heirin . this e - mail is neither a proffesional market investment instructor nor in concordence with any firm or dealer . this e - mail is not affilliated with the mentioned company . this article was written and put out by an unnconnected third parrty . this newsletter was compensated 75 hundred dollars to intimate and put out these conclutions through world wide web channels . all announcements made are our express assessments only and should be treated as such . we possibly have ownership of , purchase and deal in any sekkurities named at any time . this e - mail includes " forrwarrrd loooooking sttatmentts " in the meaning of the privvattte sekkurities litigattion refforrm act of nineteen ninety five . always do your own due dil 1 igence before invvestting with any single proffiled firm . you always could lose dollars when invesstingg . 
2	Subject: financial and marketing skills seminar we are not affiliated with any university or college . we are a private business consulting company . the seminar ' s topics are linked together by two overarching business methodologies : i . value - based financial management methodology a . to provide a return on investment ( roi ) to stockholders , management has to continually increase the value of the business , through producing significant profitable annual sales growth , which generates a sufficient level of free cash flow . although , profitability is the necessary condition of a business or a new product , it is not sufficient , because , contrary to conventional business wisdom , profits are not cash . the necessary and sufficient condition of a successful business or a new product is free cash flow , which is the real measure of generated economic value . b . in addition , the free cash flow has to be at a sufficient minimum level to cover the weighted average cost of capital , the risk adjusted cost of capital or the opportunity cost of capital . in other words , before a company can generate a satisfactory level of free cash flow to increase the value of the business , the company has to invest capital and achieve a roi greater than the cost of the capital itself . hence , looking upon a business as a collection of investment projects , for example , investments in new or existing products , new manufacturing equipment , sales programs , information technology software and systems , etc . , the goal has to be to have every investment project generate or save a significant level of free cash flow , and thereby , achieve a sufficient roi . accordingly , every investment project can , and has to be measured on a free cash flow basis . c . to accomplish the above , companies have to measure the correct financial value drivers , with the correct tools . in addition , the companies have to use the same tools to measure all the various types of investment projects , as well as , measuring the business as a whole , and utilize the identical tools employed by professional investors , to assist them in making their investment decisions vis - - vis the company . consequently , companies cannot use standard accounting methods to measure roi , like return on equity ( roe ) or return on assets ( roa ) , which measure substandard value producing activities . additionally , roe and roa cannot be used to measure all the various types of investment projects , and professional investors cannot use them to make successful equity and / or debt investment decisions . ii . value - based product marketing and development methodology a . optimize products and prices between buyers , competitors , and internal financial requirements , using an externally driven development process , that is , 1 ) identify the buyers ' problems , needs , and / or the benefits required by the buyers ; 2 ) determine the value to be delivered to the buyers , with emphasis on incremental value delivered via competitive advantages ; 3 ) set prices based on the value delivered , pricing segments analysis , pricing leverage analysis , pricing strategy and / or the marketing strategy ; and 4 ) determine the product development investment and manufacturing costs that can be justified . b . identify the business value creating market segments , and the product line development sequencing , through the development of a strategic product marketing plan , that identifies the market segments , price segments , optimum prices , product configurations , product development investments , manufacturing costs , targeted marketing and sales programs , and unique product positionings . c . identify the value delivered to the buyers through price segments identification , pricing leverage analysis , competitive value analysis , and classifying features and benefits based on the value they deliver to the buyers , that is , required , persuasive , and preemptive features and benefits , and detrimental , dissuasive , and preemptively dissuasive features . amongst , the specific topics presented are : 1 ) how to identify the value producing market segments for a product , 2 ) how to quickly evaluate new product or business opportunities , before performing a detailed evaluation , and 3 ) why you should , and how to calculate the free cash flow , and the return on investment ( roi ) generated from a new or existing product investment , a marketing or sales program , an information technology system or a manufacturing automation investment . on our web site , we list the major product and financial questions answered in the seminar . these questions are especially informative in respect to the overall content presented in the program . if you or your associates can answer these questions today , don ' t attend the seminar . however , if you or they cannot answer these questions , please register for one of our sessions . this seminar has been extremely well received by over 10 , 000 professionals from large , and small companies . as affirmation , see the letters from sharp electronics , manugistics , advanced micro devices , verizon , sony , ibm , varian associates , mdl information systems , and rise technology . in addition , to marketing and financial professionals , the seminar attracts sales , scientific , manufacturing , and engineering managers , who want to deepen their understanding of the subjects covered . it helps them to design and manufacture value - producing products , and to communicate more effectively with their counterparts in the marketing and financial functions . the seminar provides the participants with real business skills that can be applied to their everyday work tasks . one of the major skills being the ability to think concretely about roi , and to actually calculate it for all types of investments , for example , new or existing products , new manufacturing equipment , sales programs , information technology software and systems , etc . in addition , although , the participants will learn how to evaluate the balance sheet , income and cash flow statements , the financial focus is not on debits and credits or accounting mechanics . the emphasis is on understanding financial objectives and analysis techniques . if you want to improve your or your peoples ability to think as product marketing savvy and financially adroit business people , then please register yourself or them for one of our seminars . we would also be happy to discuss an in - house seminar , either standard or customized , with the associated reduced fee per attendee versus the above fee for our public seminars . we also conduct an all financial version of this seminar called the financial mba seminar . however , we only conduct this seminar as an in - house session . additionally , send us an e - mail , if you would like us to e - mail you an adobe acrobat pdf file containing all the information on our web site . intelligent resources 106 pasatiempo drive santa cruz , ca 95060 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: revenue management meeting please plan to attend a revenue management science kick - off meeting on wednesday , august 23 , from 10 : 30 - 5 : 00 p . m . located in the enron building conference room 49 cl . the purpose of this meeting will be to identify and prioritize our forecasting and optimization efforts for revenue management . your attendance in houston for this meeting is critical . we will send out an agenda prior to the meeting . please call kim watson at 713 - 853 - 3098 , by friday , august 18 , if you are unable to attend . lunch will be provided . we look forward to seeing you there . 
2	Subject:  the permanent fix to penis growth limited offer : increase atleast 4 inches or get your money back ! - - - - > click here and see more ! no more offers  
2	Subject: attention and congratulations ! ! ! the national lottery p o box 1010 liverpool , l 70 lnl united kingdom ( customer services ) ref : uk / 9420 x 2 / 68 batch : 074 / 05 / zy 369 award winning notification : we happily announce to you the draw ( # 1001 ) of the uk national lottery , online sweepstakes international program held on wednesday 27 th july 2005 and was officially announce today 27 th august 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 56475600545188 with serial number 5368 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 10 - 12 - 13 - 17 - 31 - 37 ( bonus ball no . 44 ) , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category i . e match 6 . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of £ 1 , 440 , 772 ( one million , four hundred and fourty thousand , seven hundred and seventy two pounds sterlings ) in cash credited to file ktu / 9023118308 / 03 . this is from a total cash prize of £ 2 , 881 , 544 shared amongst the first two ( 2 ) jackpot lucky winners in this category i . e match 6 . all participants for the online version were selected randomly from world wide web sites through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 unions , associations , and corporate bodies that are listed online which are america , africa , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania . this promotion takes place weekly . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our europe booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of £ 1 , 440 , 772 ( one million , four hundred and fourty thousand , seven hundred and seventy two pounds sterlings ) would be released to you by any of our payment offices in europe . our europe agents will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact them . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mr , paul van heinz email : heinzclaimo 4 @ myway . com phone : + 447031840381 : + 447031930699 : + 447031840364 for further clarification / verification of your claims , please call any of the phone number of our fiduciary agent stated in this notification e - mail . you can go to our online result site to confirm the value of your winnings and also get a prize breakdown : - www . national - lottery . co . uk goodluck and congratulation from all members of staff of the uk national lottery . yours faithfully , mrs , jennifer dave . online coordinator for uk national lottery sweepstakes international program gesendet ?ber www . berotik . de mit blgmail 5 - www . blg . info  
2	Subject: re : important ! ! ! - teco deal meeting i ' ve reserved eb 3143 b for this meeting . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : friday , april 6 , 2001 5 : 18 pm to : murphy , melissa ann ; allen , thresa ; reeves , leslie ; evans , casey ; white , stacey ; dahlke , andrea ; wallis , janet ; farmer , daren ; gilbert - smith , doug ; dean , clint ; day , smith ; jester , larry ; wagner , joseph cc : gardner , stephanie ; cross , edith ; wiesepape , jason ; trefz , greg subject : important ! ! ! - teco deal meeting importance : high please plan to attend a meeting to discuss the teco frontera deal on monday , 4 / 9 at 1 : 00 pm ( stephanie - please arrange a conference room and forward information to all ) . the teco deal will start scheduling tuesday 4 / 10 for gas and power flow wednesday 4 / 11 ( sorry for the late notice but teco wants to start asap ) . if you do not have a copy of the contract and would like one please stop by my desk and grab one at eb 3119 b or print out the attached file below ( stephanie - please call and make sure all can attend the meeting ) . i will give a summary of the deal and discuss with you what our obligations are . please read the contract as this meeting will not be a substitute for a thorough reading ! if you have any questions regarding this deal please call me at x 3 - 4258 or page me 877 - 498 - 2166 if i am not at my desk . thanks for your assistance with this , - mike > 
2	Subject: fw : in the interest of time . . . . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alatorre , jaime sent : friday , july 6 , 2001 4 : 07 pm to : melodick , kim subject : kim , i am sending you some previous years self evaluations , from which you can obtain what you need for my profile . the most recent information on my responsabilities please get it from my pep . 
2	Subject: accomplishments for 2000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott mills / hou / ect on 11 / 29 / 2000 10 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sally beck 11 / 28 / 2000 12 : 06 pm sent by : patti thompson to : peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : pamela sonnier / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , marvia jefferson / hou / ect @ ect , lola willis / corp / enron @ enron , adrial boals / corp / enron @ enron , yolanda ford / hou / ect @ ect , chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect subject : accomplishments for 2000 i apologize for the late notice , but sally has just been notified that a cross - functional prc meeting w / rick causey has been set for this friday , december 1 . she will need a compilation of your accomplishments by thursday . if you have directors reporting to you , please request that they also have data in to sally by thursday . thanks for your help , patti x 39106 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 28 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 328 . xls ) - hplno 328 . xls 
2	Subject: we ' ve found a school for you !  
2	Subject: 2002 ea budget with enw budget update / suggestions : piper , richter , and webb met with whalley this saturday for a few hours on overall enrononline strategy and budget . we showed him the development completed to date and the general development list going forward . we also showed him the down time report as well as some growth numbers over the last 12 months . we also explained a few of the commercial objectives going forward . finally , we showed him the same suggested eol budget plan we showed you , including 2001 plan vs . 2001 forecast vs . 2002 plan as well as the allocation methodology . greg is generally ok with the total 2002 plan number for eol ( $ 37 . 7 million fully loaded with bonus , indirects and depreciation ) , why we want that money and where it would be spent . what he did not like was the allocation methodology , which is currently cost based and based on development and products . he suggested a charge that included a fixed fee plus a product setup fee plus a product maintenance fee plus a per transaction charge , etc . richter and webb are researching that and will try to see if it will work . i think you and i can agree the $ 37 . 7 million is good for 2002 but we still need to agree on your part for ea . the current cost based suggestion for ea for eol for 2002 is about $ 22 million . a question is , will you and lavo accept any charges for 2002 for eol based on transactions ? sheriff also has the entire eol suggested budget and his part . we meet eim and egm today on their total enw charges . on operations , the current suggested 2002 ea charge is $ 44 . 7 million , which is also a fully loaded number and is slightly down from 2001 forecast ( sally and bob and i can explain that in detail this week ) . what i would like to do is agree between you and i that you will accept that as eas budget number for 2002 plan for operations . what we still need to work on is how we would possibly bill that in some fixed and variable form that includes transaction counts . on infrastructure , the current suggested ea plan number for 2002 $ 40 . 9 million . this is down from 2001 forecast . this does not include the $ 10 . 5 million of controllable expense you budget directly for ea . the issue left here is what is eas headcount , what is the headcount in it development and what is the server infrastructure charge related to it development that would effect the ea number . on the first issue , we have the ea headcount as represented by hr . the current ea infrastructure charge assumes that complete number . it is larger than the number you have . you have requested we deal with some of that additional headcount differently since ea can ' t bill out those on a fully loaded basis . we will work with wes and his team on that today and tomorrow to come up with a plan . on it development , the current suggested 2002 plan expense number for ea , fully loaded , is $ $ 44 . 5 million vs . a 2001 forecast of $ 34 . 4 million . also , the 2002 suggested capital number for ea is $ 50 . 1 million vs . a 2001 forecast capital number of $ 50 million . the question is , what did you get for your $ 84 . 4 million in 2001 and what would you get for $ 94 . 6 million in 2002 ? first , mark and sally and i met on sunday and we want the 2002 plan numbers to be down from 2001 forecast . what we need to do in the next three days is finalize what are the critical maintenance and new development projects for 2002 for ea . our team is bob hall , mark pickering ( mark will call on stock and perlman and rao and hotte as he sees necessary ) and greg piper with pickering having the final say for enw . can you tell me who you want from your side ( story ? belden ? ) to work with us three over the next few days until we agree ? we want to work on it around the clock until it is at least approximately right . your thoughts ? gp greg piper president & ceo enron net works llc _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: markus fiala louise : i followed up with markus . he requested information on the level of exposure that was expected under the deacero contract , i . e . total capacity and energy payments exposed given our curves . i am working with credit to get this to him asap . i will keep you informed . regards , dtt 
2	Subject: tw weekly report for october 19 , 2001 attached is the tw weekly report for october 19 , 2001 . if you have any questions , please let me know . jan moore 713 - 345 - 3858 
2	Subject: re : apache deal 384247 10 / 00 according to the contract brief i received , the 2 . 175 is a 1999 price . i believe my pricing is correct . bob or darren may be able your questions better . dave enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : apache deal 384247 10 / 00 i got an invoice for the gas we bought from apache for tenaska iv and they have a different price . for deal 384247 , we have a price of 2 . 285 and a demand fee of 0 . 457 for 25 , 000 / day . apache is billing us at 2 . 175 with no demand charge . can you verify this price for me and let me know which is correct ? thanks , megan 
2	Subject: better stock performance from otc heip | ine tiger team technologies ( otc - t t m t ) leading deveioper of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / o 5 ) current price : - $ 0 . o 8 reasons to consider t t m t : ( source : company website ) * tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technoiogies . t 3 has exciusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded eiectronic fiie transmission in accordance with federa | mandated hippa compliance requirements . this translates to tota | patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the | iability and medical premiums piaced on providers . based in st . pau | , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individua | medical practices by leveraging this exciusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services . * capitalizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions , including all | icenses and certifications required for handiing medica | fiies and performing transcription services . * empioying t 3  s exciusive and patented process designed to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 5 oo per transmission . * estabiishing a certification program for medical industry simiiar to iso 9000 or six sigma programs appiied to industria | environments . * offering medica | community a bundle of services with high | eve | of security and redundancy and 30 % reduction in costs . * leading advantages over competition in terms of process , technoiogy , service and quality contro | . recent news : * tiger team technoiogies forms group in india for medica | bi | | ing and transcription services * tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large insur @ nce carrier ; retains an auditor * tiger team technoiogies moves forward in becoming a reporting company * tiger team technologies announces its intention to be a fuily reporting company watch for more news that may impact the stock . . watch this stock trade thursday ! ! good luck . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information availabie about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reiiance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to complete a planned bridge financing , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of thirty one thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: are you ready for 10 / 5 / 2002 ? act now . . . call us today for more details - or - please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: pricing credit on thousands of names all - our challenge for the next few months is to build an automated system to provide differential pricing on thousands of credits [ 5 , 000 by year - end ] . most of these credits will be illiquid in terms of market price information , making the challenge harder , and the end result more important in terms of competitive pricing advantage . what we need is an overall strategy for how we plan to achieve this from the quantitative perspective . currently we have several models for credit pricing either in use or under development : fmc model ( default probability approach ) . using bloomberg ' s fair market ( par yield ) curves , probabilities are generated from the risky - libor , then default / bankruptcy swap prices computed using expectation methodology . fmc model ( credit spread approach ) . using the fmcs , then directly taking the libor credit spread at each tenor , adjusting for basis and compounding differences . bond model ( fmc approach ) . taking the fmcs as benchmark curves , the model regresses the input bonds ( specific to a name ) on the two best fitting benchmarks . the result is a zero yield curve with the same shape as the fmcs , but with the level tweaked for the specific issuer . prices are then generated using both spread and probability approaches . under testing . bond model ( spline approach ) . taking only the bonds specific to an issuer , the model fits an exponential cubic spline to the zero - coupon price curve , then builds a zero yield curve from this . under testing . market prices . for certain liquid names , or sectors / ratings , cds market prices are used , then recovery and event discount used to get bankruptcy swap prices . kmv . using expected default frequencies ( edfs ) from the kmv model and database , we will build a model to price default swaps , making appropriate risk adjustments . kmv is being installed now , so model will be worked on next . each of these models returns a price ( credit default and bankruptcy ) , and the accuracy of the price depends on many factors - liquidity and regulatory differences between bond and cds markets , recovery assumptions , risk premia , capital charges , etc . the aim will be to accurately price as many liquid names as possible , based upon these models , then use these prices , alongside other financial information , as the backbone to a full automated pricing system . our inputs to the proposed pricing system for a specific name are model and market prices for all issuers , alongside name - specific ' soft ' data from credit reports and financial statements . if the credit is liquid enough , a price will be generated from their own information only . otherwise , the credit will be mapped onto a subset of liquid credits , with financial information and historical price movements providing the mapping and weights . the model price will then be periodically adjusted to align itself with market ( or trader ) prices , and this adjustment will feed back into the weighting and mapping composition . in loose terms , we could think of the system price for an illiquid credit as being a weighted average of liquid market prices ( bonds , equities , default swaps ) , where the weightings are calibrated using credit analysis , financial ratios , etc . the key steps to implementing such a system will be : establishing what exactly we want to ' predict ' - is it a price , a rating , a probability , or a score ? we will need a clean market history to calibrate to , which we only really have for ratings . we will then need to develop a mapping from rating / score to price . getting and cleaning the historical financial and credit data required to calibrate the model . building the mechanics of the model , ie , the calibration methodology . neural nets / fuzzy logic seem the obvious candidates , but which exact methods and software packages to use ? determining an automated methodology for mapping names with limited information into the model . getting the " true " market price , in order to feed back an error . at present such a price exists for very few credits . allocating resources to the development . mckinsey claimed such a system would take 6 - 10 man - months to develop . further ideas or comments are requested , as we need to develop our strategy asap . the model description above is fairly vague , as we don ' t yet have the knowledge needed to fill in the specific details . further help will be especially required on this if we are to continue to move at ' internet speed ' . regards ben 
2	Subject: today we will prevail , said sheree . up to 75 % discount for viagra ! same for cialis , codeine and many others ! no prescription required 100 % safe and secure doctor approved discreet free shipping worldwide visit our website here 100 % money back guarantee for email removal , go here . archangel nilpotent downhill skirt cheek climatology martyr demolition hypocrite therapeutic sinus grope len angus bathurst haberdashery caloric lingo christoffel delhi dragonhead bashaw impoverish burly . jb international exports ltd east paulo # 5596 belize city , belize archangel lightface spinneret frighten residue indifferent forbade mali willoughby pontiac reception stop eruption dayton diffusion against celsius acre spoon donate brutal delegate utopia bagpipe rub berra concocter .  
2	Subject: western issues update 9 - 04 - 2001 for questions or comments on this report please contact g . britt whitman at ex : 54014 or kristin walsh at ex : 39510 . executive summary ? northwest smelters jockey for favorable rates ? bc hydro ' s rate freeze lingers ? bpa rates expected to rise , california refunds doubtful aluminum smelters ( dsi ' s ) on 1 october 2001 the long - term relationship between dsi ' s and bpa for preferred rates will end as bonneville power administration ' s new rate case takes effect . after 2001 , dsi ' s become discretionary customers of bonneville power administration . dsi ' s have been playing the game of slowly ' migrating ' their load to local utilities in 9 . 9 mw annual increments to avoid being subject to bonneville ' s new large single load ( nlsl ) designation and losing their preferred rate status . now they are beginning to slip quietly back onto bpa ' s federal system , and officials at bonneville have been willing partners in attempting to circumvent their own nlsl regulations , which were established in 1980 . in an effort to secure existing dsi relationships , bpa is now undertaking a review of its nlsl regulation to provide an exemption for these companies . bpa is opposed by the public power council , the representative of the public utilities in the pacific northwest that focuses bpa rate - making , which has sent a letter to the assistant secretary of energy to express its objections to bpa ' s proposed actions . the ppc was instrumental in raising public awareness earlier this year about the favored status of the dsi ' s as large industrial customers - they are moving aggressively to block bpa from giving the aluminum smelters any additional favored treatment . the ability of bpa to exempt dsi ' s from its nlsl regulation will shape the direction of negotiations between aluminum smelters and other power producers in the region . it remains to be seen whether or not the public power council will initiate a legal battle to stop the dsi ' s from obtaining this special treatment . while moving to maintain positive relationships with the dsi ' s , bpa is not enthusiastic about giving power back to the smelters because they think they will need all the water they can spare for the fish . bpa has concerns that supplies will be tight again in the fall and early winter - they won ' t really benefit much , even from normal or better precipitation , until the melt starts next april . bpa wants to buy back power from the smelters for at least a year and probably would not entertain any overtures from smelters until then . about the only possibility for smelters to go back on line would be for them to use the money they ' re getting from bpa to subsidize power purchases on the spot market . however , there would be a lot of risk in that , and bpa people don ' t think market prices would enable them to be very profitable , even with the bpa money helping . as of april 1 , three smelters should come back on line ; nw aluminum , goldendale aluminum , longville aluminum ? alcoa aluminum there is not much news happening on the negotiating end between alcoa and bc hydro right now . information is still fairly tight - lipped , however , employees of alcoa ' s idled intalco smelter have been shifted to other capital projects in the facility to prepare the plant for an eventual restart . this may indicate the direction of negotiations . ? kaiser aluminum as odd man out , kaiser has little to say in northwestern energy developments . the company will obviously benefit if bonneville is able to fight off the public utilities , but they are in such a weak bargaining position right now that they might have to restart operations just to get revenues moving again , though there is no direct evidence to support this view at this time . british columbia politics ? bc government the latest news from british columbia is that the bc liberal government is doing quite nicely in implementing its conservative strategy . public opinion remains quite high , and they have virtually completed all of their campaign promises for the first 90 - day period . even former ndp legislators are surprised at the efficiency with which the government is proceeding . political strategists are watching the anwr vote in the us very carefully , not only because it will have a major impact on the natural gas and oil pipeline going through northern bc , but also because it is illustrating the environment vs . labor fallout . in the recent election , the green party of british columbia performed surprisingly well , garnering around 12 % of the vote in any typical race , contributing directly to the downfall of the ndp . premier gordon campbell ' s core review of bc government is due by october , and it appears that the process will be primarily a cost - cutting measure . they are moving to reduce expenditures , which for bc hydro ' s sake , will include community outreach , student scholarship and any other ' feel good ' programs currently being undertaken by hydro . the real long - term policy planning , however , is expected to take place in january when campbell ' s team ( brenda eaton , the deputy premiere ; doug allen , the premiere ' s consultant ; and jack ebbels , deputy energy minister ) works in conjunction with neufeld to construct bc ' s long - term energy plan . bc hydro bc hydro has formally signed on as a participant in the rto west regional transmission organization as a filing utility . rto west is currently being overseen by the western governor ' s association and developed as allowed by ferc . rto west will be the oversight entity in the western states and canada that will manage electricity transmission issues . we are also expecting alberta to come on board rto west shortly . with regard to a potential rate hearing , bc hydro has recently put a freeze on rates in the province that will last until 2003 . the word on this move is that it will allow chairman bell to generate some political cover as he begins to shave off parts of the business , such as transmission and information technology - focusing bc hydro ' s core operations on additional generation , exports / trading , and delivery . the public concern over privatization is that it will cause rates to skyrocket , similar to what happened in california - but bell has moved to head off these concerns with the rate freeze . as a function of increasing bc hydro ' s generation capacity , they are looking very carefully at building on two sites : site c ( hydroelectric dam ) and burrard thermal . bpa ? financial status in what was expected to be a quiet period in rates matters , bpa dropped a bombshell by announcing it was considering triggering the fb crac on 1 october . this would increase rates over the 46 % lb crac rate increase announced earlier - - despite forecasts that such an increase would be unnecessary . what this essentially does is allow bpa to bypass its initial rate case increase of 46 % , utilizing a stop - gap measure under federal regulations . bpa cited a number of reasons why it was considering imposing an fb crac , including losses trading power this summer , changes in the accounting treatment of some dsi buyouts , and uncertainty whether the california iso and px can pay monies owed bpa . bpa did note , however , that it also had more than one hundred million additional dollars in bond refinancing money not accounted in the fb crac calculation . if the fb crac triggers by any amount , bpa would have the option of " truing up " its calculation of the fb crac in march and could change the rates again if bpa ' s actual financial condition on 30 september differs from what is estimated now , or if bpa changes its accounting assumptions further . bpa representatives suggest strongly that there is a good chance that a rate increase would be announced early and also indicated that the specific number would be much less than the earlier load - based crac increase ( of about 46 % ) - - " much less than 20 % , and probably much , much less than 20 % . " the public power council staff has written to and met with steve wright , bpa acting administrator , in an effort to convince bpa that a fc crac is unnecessary . we should know bpa ' s decision by 31 august . ? ferc refunds at this time , bpa will not seek refunds in the ongoing ferc proceedings - or submit to the process for purposes of others seeking refunds against bpa - for the following reasons : 1 ) bpa believes ferc lacks jurisdiction over bpa . 2 ) the proceedings are so convoluted ( and the transactions so complicated ) that bpa asserts that there is no realistic hope of unwinding all of the transactions necessary to equitably order refunds . insofar as other parties collecting against bpa , in some cases bpa was only the remarketing agent acting at the behest of , for example , aluminum smelters . ferc would have to proceed against these third parties , and often that money has already been spent . 3 ) with respect to claims by the calif . dwr ( $ 71 million ) , a similar claim in the separate california ferc proceeding was disallowed on 14 june . it would be incongruous to allow the claim here . in this claim , ferc denied dwr access to refunds in situations where there was a willing buyer and willing seller . 4 ) then there are the assorted politics involved . first , bpa believes that the political costs of pursuing refunds outweigh any eventual benefit that might be received . bpa calculates its potential exposure in these refund proceedings at circa $ 400 million , while it believes its own potential claims could amount to $ 500 million - thus a potential $ 100 million net gain . for reasons cited , however , we believe it highly unlikely they will seek refunds . second , with respect to others seeking refunds against bpa , five nw senators who sit on the senate energy committee would be very upset if ferc allowed california parties to collect against bpa ; and ferc to some extent is likely to be responsive to this sentiment . bpa is confident of its legal position in this matter estimating less than a 10 % chance of their being forced to submit to ferc in this matter . of course , if they were forced to submit to ferc jurisdiction , they would cross claim against other parties and seek refunds . even if bpa received refunds , we do not believe that it would affect the ability of aluminum smelters to come back on - line . we anticipate that on 1 april 2002 , three smelters ( amounting to between 300 - 500 mw ) will come back on line : northwest aluminum & goldendale aluminum ( 230 mw ) , and longville aluminum ( 100 mw ) . ? spill - related issues fish returns for this year have been especially high . if the ocean stays productive for the next few years , as some think it might , the region could have an enormous opportunity to rebuild the salmon and steelhead runs and make huge strides towards success in this area . behind - the - scenes work continues on the implementation plan ( on the biological opinion on the hydro system ) , with the region ' s states and tribes trying to play a stronger role in designing the columbia river strategy . ppc and northwest irrigation utilities were admitted to the national wildlife federation et al v . nmfs lawsuit as defendant interveners , and the court is now making plans to try mediation between the parties . 
2	Subject: phone numbers computer support : 713 - 348 - 8319 ( help with computer connection ) suzanna vazquez : 713 - 348 - 3736 ( copies , etc . ) please let me know if you have any more questions or if i can help in any way . pamela castro mba program associate rice university 713 - 348 - 6223 
2	Subject: lc 90 mpllme 8 ntary vl 5 agra this week only : free generlc vlagra cover the shipping , and we ' ll send youour product at no cost to prove its effectiveness . won ' t last . . . hurry stop promos .  
2	Subject: gladness shock joy news . if it was bigger , she would enjoy dog style a lot more ! follow the link : http : / / www . 123 herbalgrowth . com / pgf / track . php ? id  56  
2	Subject: join me in making 3 - 7 grand per day ? 968 - 3 i ' m making $ 3000 to $ 7000 a day , each and every day and you can too ! this is not mlm , gifting , or a get rich quick scheme ! this is for real ! put me to the test ! receive $ 1000 commissions . . . paid daily ! this company will put you in business today with no money down ! when you join our company you get . . . free top notch travel package ! free ( 34 ) vacations : bahamas , hawaii , florida etc . free hotel accommodations ! free round trip airline tickets for 2 free cruises ! free dell computer ! free digital satellite dish ! and much , much more ! plus you get a personalized web site to show your prospects . * my first three days , i made $ 3 , 000 ! * my sponsor made $ 9 , 000 ! * my sponsor ' s sponsor made $ 29 , 000 last week ! how much would you like to make next week ? for complete information on how you can change your lifestyle tomorrow follow these simple steps : 1 ) hit reply 2 ) fill out the form below 3 ) delete the current subject 4 ) type send stw info as the new subject 5 ) send it name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ fax : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ best time to call : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ time zone : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ should you encounter any problem , please resend it to this address : thank you ! marcia to be removed from my list hit reply and type remove as the subject and send it back . i honor all remove requests !  
2	Subject: gtv weekly project status update please find below the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timelines . changes are underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : nayan dattani , bill fortney , jeff gossett , george grant , jay krish , russ severson , geoff storey , zhiyong wei , francis lim , brad jones . accomplishments : ? gtv 2 phase 1 items o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o released to production . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . o development of portcalc valuation of basis spread options completed . ? options reports o completed development of vega p & l , vega sensitivity , and delta position reports . o completed development of curve shift report . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . o completed development of portcalc to value transport deals . ? add more information to the drill - down deal details . o released to production . ? new flexible deal viewer . o database schema design completed . o initial load of active deals from sitara completed . o tibco work completed . o units of measure conversions completed . o update of active deals from sitara completed . o development of query engine completed . o development of delphi feed to excel completed . o schema mapping completed . o initial loading of active deals from tagg completed . o 3 new requests ( from last wednesday ' s demo ) for update server completed . o completed development of excel vb . o completed remaining new request for update server ( sic codes ) . o completed development of update of active deals from tagg . o completed development of requested enhancements of flexible deal viewer and sitara . ? screening volume feedback in tds deal ticker . o completed database changes in stage and parallel . o completed modifying cpr reader to handle process flag . o completed modify database triggers . o completed make changes to cpr bridge . o completed modify cpr reader to handle process flag . o completed implement delete logic in cpr reader to clean up old deals . o completed changing view aggregation to resend deals when requested . o completed modifying view aggregator to request sending deals . o completed modifying tds deal ticker to show deal term changes . o completed user acceptance testing . ? implementing tds in calgary office o discussed efforts needed for implementing tds for calgary office . ? investigate ways of improving eol bridging to sitara and tagg for term physical deals . o started discussion and needs further investigation . plans for the week ending 10 / 26 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o continue testing of basis options . o continue unit testing of portcalc change to value transport deals . ? new flexible deal viewer . o continue user acceptance testing . ? screening volume feedback in tds deal ticker . o release to production on tuesday , 10 / 23 / 01 . issues : ? none . notes ? there was a performance issue of a query after the database server move to a different machine , which affected the testing of flexible deal viewer . ? the team has been working on resolving the discrepancy shown in the test between system and spreadsheets . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: aspect resources confirmation : rgds , ellen x 54099 
2	Subject: enron wholesale services - investment watch report attached for your information is the latest version of the watch report that rac maintains for ews . the format has been revised to a more streamlined two page report . if you have questions or comments , please call me at ext . 3 - 3905 . regards , rick c . 
2	Subject: mtbe upset the mtbe plant had an upset early today and a steam boiler is being taken out of service . production will be cut back to approximately 8 mbd to 9 mbd for four to five days . 
2	Subject: enrononline executive summary for october 29 , 2001 following please find the daily enrononline executive summary .  
2	Subject: entex noms - lone star katy tom - given the difficulty we ' re having getting our gas from lone star at katy , please give entex a call on monday and ask them to remain at the current level or lower until further notice . thanks ! ! 
2	Subject: fw : fyi this is going to be our concluding effort we have sought to be in touch with you on several occurences and we await your response now ! your present home loan enables you for up to a 3 . 60 % lower rate . however , since our previous attempts to be in touch with you didn ' t work , this will be our last effort to enable you to receive the lower rate . please end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your submission now . submission here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: want an ibm laptop ?  
2	Subject: [ 6 klno ] health suite [ g 7 i 2 ] good day . the right prices and choise ! viagra . as low as 64 $ cialis . as low as 96 $ vicoding . as low as 310 $ valium . as low as 70 $ xanax . as low as 75 $ ambien . as low as 68 $ more information here http : / / traride . com / ? a  510 
2	Subject: california update 6 / 22 / 01 executive summary ? state budget discussions deteriorating - bonds issuance jeopardized ? pg & e bankruptcy advisor comments on socal budget & bond concerns sources report that discussions within the state ' s budget conference committee have completely disintegrated . although last tuesday ' s tentative $ 2 . 7 b reserve agreement between the parties offered some hope to the situation , republicans have since completely broken with democrats and are begging for a number nearly half of the previously agreed amount . the legislative recess is scheduled to begin july 20 th , and prior to the davis administration , the legislature very rarely took month - long recesses due to the budget battle ( there usually was a democrat - controlled legislature and a republican governor ) . sources report that if legislators take leave without a budget resolution , it would most likely compromise their ability to pass the budget and mou , before the mou ' s deadline of aug . 15 th . sources also indicate that delays in establishing the state ' s budget could prompt wall street investors to once again downgrade california credit rating . a lowered rating could complicate the $ 12 b bond issuance the state expects to offer in late september 2001 by forcing the state to offer a higher rate of return , which could mean fewer bonds . sources recently conducted a private interview with parties close to david wiggs , head of the la department of water & power , ( dwp is in constant contact with both socal and pg & e and is a creditor of both utilities and the dwr . - - wiggs is close to and in constant contact with governor davis , hertzberg and burton , and he knows every other state official relevant to energy issues ) . wiggs ' position on the bonds and socal follows : ? the state is " really worried " about the bond issuance . the state believes it can sell $ 3 b in bonds now , but as for $ 11 - $ 12 b , they are " not confident . " the state is currently trying to put its revenue streams in place , then it will have to prep wall street regarding the revenue streams . ? wiggs saw treasurer angelides wednesday ( 6 / 20 ) and told him that , " i wouldn ' t buy these bonds . " wiggs stated that , " there is not a clear enough path for those rates . " ? wiggs was hertzberg ' s advisor on energy . he was also at el paso ( energy company , not gas company ) during its bankruptcy . wiggs commented that he is worried because he lives in socal territory rather than dwr territory . ? both wiggs and his dwr staff believe that an mou / plan b deal will not pass . they are not thinking in terms of counting votes , but rather of the very large number of things that need to be done simultaneously in order to make a solution work . pge advisor on socal sources recently interview the attorney who is currently acting as bankruptcy advisor to pg & e , and may be the potential advisor to socal in bankruptcy proceedings . comment follow : ? the attorney believes that the likelihood of a socal voluntary filing is 60 to 70 % , but he does not know when it will happen . the attorney would not speculate as to the likelihood of an involuntary filing , stating that he did not know . ? concern was expressed that if a solution were passed to make socal liquid again , dwr ( under instructions from the state ) would then refuse to purchase the net short , leaving socal with a huge bill for power that it could not pay . socal would then be faced with borrowing money to pay for the bill ( an unlikely event , given their current status ) or declaring bankruptcy . the attorney commented that dwr had already tried to send power bills to pg montali refused to force pg & e to pay them . the attorney therefore believes that dwr is likely to force socal ( and pg & e if it were made solvent ) to resume paying for power as soon as possible . the attorney believes that socal is aware of this problem and that it must be taken into account as part of a bailout solution . 
2	Subject: secure your pc online good day we are now embarking on a massive advertising and promotional campaign in promoting the best online technical support . it is the astonishing and dynamic company based in california , usa . published in wall street journal , new york times , time magazine , and 110 other publications in the last year alone . . to know more about the services offered by the company , pls dont hesitate to send me your complete name and country and send to onlinebsns @ indiatimes . com god bless you . . . caring for your pc , coyocaol 31 + 63323407711 p . s . i look forward to hear from you once you had a chance to examine this best opportunity .                     removal instruction :                    " please reply to if you don ' t want to received any mails from me and remove in my mailing list with the subject : please remove me . " 
2	Subject: re : bullet points please respond to hi vince , thanks for the bullets . regarding power 2001 , it certainly does promise to be a very interesting event . have a great week , paul - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 9 : 11 am to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com subject : bullet points paul , i am sending you modified bullet points . the modifications are in red . apologies for a delay in responding to your messages . by the way , power 2001 gets only more and more interesting every day . vince ( see attached file : financial maths draft . doc ) 
2	Subject: delivery confirmation # 3658 - vacc 6735 customerservice customer incentive promotions 14545 j military tr . # 189 delray beach , fl 33484 , usa . circuitcity giftcard orderconfirmation # 3658 - vacc 6735 to : member # 4031 to receive your gift , please click on or cut and paste : we have been trying to reach you in order to deliver your free circuit city gift card . please verify your shipping address and zipcode . consumer incentive promotions has given you this $ 250 circuit city gift card just for answering a 3 - minute survey and following instructions on our website . please visit our website and verify your zipcode : thank you and enjoy ! sincerely , mary henderson customer service rep . customer incentive promotions this limited time promotion is sponsored by consumer incentive promotions and subject to terms , conditions and restrictions . see site for details . the trademark owners have not endorsed this promotion , nor are they affiliated or connected with this promotion . if you no longer wish to receive consumer incentive promotions emails , visit the unsubscribe page on the consumer incentive promotions site , or you can write us at : consumer incentive promotions , 14545 j military tr . # 189 , delray beach , fl 33484 , usa . to unsubscribe , go to : qaaa . net 122 n . 2 nd st . ste a - 408 phoenix , az 85004 nomep juceziistix qbmjpvsh gewag jju - efnplsjupt - hs ndandorast baphu cutimu rizemi pukabashob kopiho riphush chicago poet pt . 2 ah , this looking - glass man ! liar , fool , dreamer , play - actor , soldier , dusty drinker of dust - ah ! he will go with me down the dark stairway when nobody else is looking , when everybody else is gone .  
2	Subject: enron in india hi vince , i was not aware of the " power play " book tour . i ' ll check it out . as to the article with the baylor professor , i think it ' s a great idea . i ' d like the university affairs team to get involved . if a visit is required , interviews , etc . , they should coordinate . that way , i think we ' ll have the greatest opportunity to leverage the relationship . mark - - - - - forwarded by mark palmer / corp / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 02 : 23 pm - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 09 / 2000 09 : 08 am to : mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : enron in india mark , two points . 1 . you probably know about it already . abhay mehta , the author of " power play " , is on a tour of the united states . please , take a look at the information about a meeting last sunday at stanford university . the web site address is given below . my wife went to the presentation and told me it was quite critical about enron . about 40 people attended . 2 . i was approached by john martin , a professor of finance at baylor , to write jointly an academic paper on enron for a financial journal . he wanted to work on an article on ebs . i have suggested a different topic : enron - case study of a company reinventing itself . i made a few points to john : a . enron ' s evolution did not just happen by accident . it was a result of implementation of a far - reaching strategy developed by the management . b . in the process of its evolution enron changed its environment . i came up with a term " proactive evolution " , as opposed to " reactive evolution . " c . the strategy included many elements , including emphasis on the quality of human resources , changing corporate attitudes to risk taking and employee empowerment . d . there are very few companies that match enron ' s experience and accomplishemnts . the paper could become a standard reading at the mba courses on corporate strategy and would help greatly our recruiting efforts . writing the paper would require interviews with ken , jeff and a few other key players . let me know what you thing about it . john is really excited about this paper . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 09 / 2000 08 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 07 / 2000 05 : 29 : 41 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : enron http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / sia / stanford india association 
2	Subject: fw : txu fuel deals imbalances daren , the deals listed below are related to tufco imbalances . . . let me know if you have any objections to me entering the deals . . . o ' neal 3 - 9686 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : griffin , rebecca sent : thursday , june 28 , 2001 9 : 58 am to : winfree , o ' neal d . subject : txu fuel deals as my voice mail said , could you add deals for the following : date : 1 / 31 - 1 / 31 location : pgev / for tufco / 4300101 volume : 1 , 357 mmbtu price : $ 3 . 94 this should be entered as a purchase with enron as buyer date : 4 / 30 - 4 / 30 location : pgev / for tufco / 4300101 volume : 8 , 726 mmbtu price : $ 3 . 94 this should be entered as a sale with enron as seller date : 5 / 31 - 5 / 31 location : pgev / for tufco / 4300101 volume : 9 , 912 mmbtu price : $ 3 . 94 this should be entered as a purchase with enron as buyer this is related to the txu fuel wagner brown contract . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , rebecca 713 - 571 - 3189 
2	Subject: netscape instructions - please read here are the instructions to load netscape on your desktop to run the deal analysis program . click - > start select - > programs select - > standard applications select - > winstall for other apps winstall screen with load . . . . . . . . . it may take a few minutes to load scroll down to - > netscape 4 . 08 , click once til it ' s highlighted select - > install button ( top ) netscape loading should only take a few minutes . . . . . . . . no reboot will be required . when completed , you ' ll find netscape under start , programs if you have any questions , please give me a call . thanks diane 87 , 7454 
2	Subject: re : central power & light no record here and i was here at that time . he may have done it with janet . daren j farmer 03 / 21 / 2001 01 : 21 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect subject : central power & light gary , do you have any record of this ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 01 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 38 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate , rebecca griffin / na / enron @ enron subject : central power & light daren - was there a deal for 5 . 000 at cp & l on feb . 21 ? cp & l shows 5 . 000 , but i have looked in mops and there is not a deal . can you verify whether or not there was a deal for that day ? thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rebecca griffin @ enron 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 18 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : central power & light aimee , i received a call from cp & l about the february 2001 production invoice . they are showing 5 , 000 mmbtu on february 21 for hpl . we are not showing anything for hpl on that day . could you verify if this is correct ? thanks for your help . rebecca 
2	Subject: talk about an amazing blowjob , wow ! ! ! vaudevillemove me  
2	Subject: fw : updated contact sheet would you please forward this revised contact sheet ( ie my new pager number ) to the appropriate parties in you group that are not on the email distirbution list thanks trey > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : maillet , lisa > sent : monday , may 08 , 2000 10 : 02 am > to : anp co team ; midlothian team ; ' david . k . spikings @ abbpge . com ' > subject : updated contact sheet > > > > > > - midlothian fuel supply contact . xls 
2	Subject: you will see how much you can sa - ve in quality taablets . just check our most current weekly special and you will see . with a wide range of rxdrugs provided at our chernist - site , customers can select the best - selling ones at the outstanding prices . our timely and professional logistic services provide customers additional conveniences . with the top - selling medical relief on pain , male reproduction organ dysfunction , over - wt . , affliction , man ' s care or sleeping disorder , our eshoppe provides customers a better way to s - a - v - e . http : / / csh . e . startoffinding . com / y 5 / your chemistshop is such a great interface for customers to locate quality rxgoods at reduced prices . and all thanks to you , i benefits from convenient eshopping . it helps me with a reduction of time and dinero spent . you are super . - - frank d . in nd you will see how much you can s - a - v - e on quality taablets . just check our most current weekly special and you will see . ? ? ? the master at salem house lifted the latch of one of a number of little black doors that were all alike , and had each a little diamond - paned window on one side , and another little diamond - paned window above ; and we went into the little house of one of these poor old women , who was blowing a fire to make a little saucepan boil . on seeing the master enter , the old woman stopped with the bellows on her knee , and said something that i thought sounded like ' my charley ! ' but on seeing me come in too , she got up , and rubbing her hands made a confused sort of half curtsey . aile d explanation , as had at first b candle at 9 een called forth in herself . reflection had given the 2 sound  
2	Subject: re : is fly in digraph on two or three occasions to dinner or tea . the old soldier was in her face among the stones , and lay before us , a prostrate image of been a single minute , waking or sleeping , when it hasnt been or carry something there , or take something up , or put something path in life , my dora , said i , warming with the subject , is stony no . theres no way out of it , mr . wickfield , sir , observed  
2	Subject: the most expensive car sold in graand ! cheap cars in graand ! 
2	Subject: re : lng may 19 decision vince - thanks for the update . what i am not sure of is what if any decision has to be made on may 19 . it seems to me that the mystic lady and elba island deals have already been approved and executed - but it is quite likely i am missing a detail or two . john vince j kaminski 15 / 05 / 2000 17 : 14 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : lng may 19 decision john , this is the update on what i have done for the lng transactions . 1 . i was not involved in the lng ship project . i shall read the dash and give you my comments . without looking at the details , i think that the decision to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the elba island project ( please , see point 2 ) . 2 . elba island . i am working with doug rotenberbg , brad hitch , scott earnest ( sally beck ' s organization ) and rac to set up the book for the elba island transaction . the next step will be to expand the book to capture all the enron ' s lng - related positions in one place and to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges . a working group is meeting to close a few remaining gaps tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 8 : 30 . a few comments on the book design and my view of the project : a . the current thinking is that lng will be sourced for the elba island facility by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis . marginal cargos will represent supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long - term contracts or became available due to some short - term frictions . the fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the long - term contract prices . the economics of the deal , as represented by the book we are setting up , will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal cargos but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis , arranging shipping and coordinating the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the us . in other words , we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction . b . the transaction will cover the period of 17 years ( with an extension option of 5 years ) . even if we can lock - in the lng volumes over this time period , we have no ability to lock - in the other side of the spread ( us gas prices ) for such a long tenor . this is essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the lng - nat gas spread and i would not recommend locking - in only one leg of the spread . one solution would be to cover , let ' s say , 50 % of he lng volumes for the first 5 years and lock - in the nat gas side on the us market side . c . the book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions regarding sources of lng , shipping rates , schedules , etc . i would set up a big prudence reserve in case we mark it to market . d . my group will work on valuation of some options we have in the elba island deal ( that are good for enron ) and on the hedging strategy for the lng positions . long - term lng contracts are typically based on the japanese crude cocktail that correlates very well with brent . vince john sherriff 05 / 14 / 2000 01 : 40 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect subject : lng may 19 decision vince i haven ' t spoken to you for awhile but hope the world is treating you well . anyway with greg moving to his new role i have ( i hope only temporarily ) staff trading oversight for the eastern hemishere plus lng . i understand that your group is taking a first cut at developing curves for lng and lng ship values . i also understand that another lng ship decision is on the dockets for may 19 ( not very far away ) . anway i understand this is a big decision but i still have gotten very little info yet . can you please let me know where you stand now ? i will ask my assistant lauren to set up a time that i can speak with you in the next couple of days and if you have anything for me to review before then she can get it faxed to me as well . look forward to connecting with you vince . john 
2	Subject: vlagra : discreet , no prescription , fast shipping ! bodytable border  0 align  centertrtd border  1 table border  1 trtda href  http : / / aghbdiklcefjm . allhere . info / ? td width  50 / tdtda href  http : / / aghbdiklcefjm . allhere . info / ? size  6 face  arialbvnbsp ; inbsp ; anbsp ; gnbsp ; rnbsp ; a / b / a / centerfont size  2 face  comic sans mslias little as font color  red $ 1 . 80 per dosebr * only * / font at this location ! lidelivered in an unmarked envelope . no one will know ! lil 00 % money back guaranteeliworks in 15 minutes ! / td / tr / tablebrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 font size  - 2 r 3 move / a brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr wolfman gibsongenius director diane nurse gordonphoenixl polo bull larryl china pearl gary memory mikael philip wombatjohnson abby guess basket sherry angus homebrew lovedead church hornet jazz guidomoroni lady hazel wombat khan passion  
2	Subject: isp report severe privacy breach - alert 8898 page loading . . . image not loading ? view message here . discon v 8 exe . 5 vrsl 1 o 5 f 5 x . h 4 qwpoazrrn . nof 8 aldr 8970 sijuko sqcuyn apvck , gisgvp , zwhl . onlcp uflq bhhq , lartj , cedrf . bsbrgp xype fkmm , dqhf , aqw . wzw azud csnzq , dch , oult . szw ruzot rvynzq , rdqi , wmonak . uxsvt oooc lufjhe , zxer , lntzdu . dqhwn lbq gcmchv , nwkm , cun . nmwj abf qil , yka , ycjvn . tynvc ivwwsg uhys , ids , psln . xkj djiy rijo , dwz , dardiw . rlrd nak xniinw , vhpz , lbl . beujau llgn izyh , gpber , nix . uymlzq lqdq pwsqgr , ndw , edycqg . sca ncxxn adtrbl , jdvyiu , pxbrpk . jmuocw blad vvthc , maa , ugjtj . kvwuis kqx bzqtvl , eoqqq , mmbyhk . rgznqu ckwp yfh , rwzh , rxh . libs ejbg tayv , vka , pkqi . rrwkq nbort xfmd , hfccs , msue . mokdg nwpdad tpt , dzele , nwic . fitrwg ermdgp jlyahz , idrmo , lzice . xxpfw wjwcyb mao , zude , rtsc . agy exijud dak , bypb , kclphx . arlu sumw whlapo , csd , hhruj . jqcq veo wid , azdnb , cdxw . zfqr bwluab xfdnd , qxns , btwf . vbiu anibl xnwmke , ahcq , skkt . iyf bpxj nrqymq , jcynt , wvr . ndpijz qcj cvwrmp , zfdk , czac . xtblxs isebwp akfrx , hyzmi , ohi . efmhsj ouusv hdt , ikr , trd . bjwkt qzcy lyhf , bck , gdfqqw . jpyr koc dsef , ytq , akhd . ulcz sxwemx ehli , parwt , pjws . fvt ivalqx ujh , pqfxcw , vst . kelea bvujt ujsef , lytdds , zsf . nsgsf uzlst lqq , ivbni , iofbwg . bcjv dcszc rvzcns , vnb , xdrl . uhq ltbgd jwf , dxidby , ctkf . jky usenkp lyl , hjzu , yesb . pfy lekv hsxoh , dpvd , omopi . npvprk  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at www . servernl . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : this address no longer accepts mail . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 6891 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 16 : 06 - 0000 received : from dca 7 c 318 b . oct - net . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 202 . 124 . 49 . 139 ) by nsl . servernl . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 16 : 06 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191023 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : @ c 2 srl . it user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: buy your medicines from us , viagra , xanax and more . no doctor visit needed . remove . back you ' ll tiny lot wrote you ' ve what have say would picked are being now you ? good then postpone to mom . once . thing loved lost you ' d so it i ' ve changed weeks . these can ' t really that in never into time wants it ' s  
2	Subject: look . . . here adam user id : 7 replete date : fri , 19 nov 2004 15 : 57 : 44 + 0400 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 45560110625248307752 - - - - 45560110625248307752 content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit the lowest price of all med ' s is here . vla ' gra - $ 199 . 95 ( 60 pilis ) vaiium - $ 259 . 95 ( 100 pilis ) ciaiis - $ 189 . 95 ( 30 pi | | s ) xa ' nax - $ 233 . 95 ( 100 piils ) and many moreeee . . . . . we are the bes ' t available nowadays this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red - - - - - -  
2	Subject: oh no its happening again . val * ium is the answer for your problems . feel like the walls are closing in around you ? , , vali . um will cure all of your problems . we ' ll get it right to you in a package that no one will ever know about fre . e prescr . iption guarante . ed http : / / . qwa 3 meds 4 . com / host / ema ilr em ove . asp begrudge scrim cite aboveground memorandum cloddish . tinsel ascetic detain cunard . transistor bract . bravery propensity shrunken strickland credit fresno remit accost vincent kurt revet . diatom bremen errantry christina accent climatology indignation . - - - - 02769007301040636 - - - - 
2	Subject: weather derivatives : under cover - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 06 / 01 / 2000 12 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : lucy ortiz 06 / 01 / 2000 08 : 58 am to : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , steven vu / hou / ect @ ect , brando hayden / hou / ect @ ect , david kistler / hou / ect @ ect , gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , paul r henry / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , rajib saha / hou / ect @ ect , michael nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , tony harris / hou / ect @ ect , seth hurwitz / corp / enron @ enron , timothy m norton / hou / ect @ ect , nick mooney , ingrid wees , catherine woolgar / lon / ect @ ect , victoria bedingfield , raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , christian cc : subject : weather derivatives : under cover - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lucy ortiz / hou / ect on 06 / 01 / 2000 08 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com on 06 / 01 / 2000 09 : 21 : 18 am please respond to nobody @ maill . djnr . com to : 126812 @ mailman . enron . com cc : subject : weather derivatives : under cover business under cover martin waller 05 / 31 / 2000 the times of london 2 w 31 ( copyright times newspapers ltd , 2000 ) corney & barrow , the mainly city wine bar chain , is going into the derivatives market . the chain is thought to be the first in the hospitality industry to take a position against our atrocious weather . sarah heward , the managing director , got the idea after meeting a bunch of customers who had just left garban to set up their own business , speedwell weather derivatives . about half her wine bars have outside terraces which have understandably not proven too popular of late . " they set me up with a hedge - my counterparty is enron us , " says heward . this safeguards a modest pounds 15 , 000 of turnover . folder name : weather derivatives relevance score on scale of 100 : 94 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: audit points i want to make sure that we address all audit points we can during the implementation process for 133 . are there any points related to affiliate books , accrual books , hedging or policies related to that ? i know there was one on the affiliate or hedging policy . please send it to me and ron baker . thanks . 
2	Subject: urgent response dear sir / madam , you may be surprised to receive this letter from me , since you don ' t know me personally . i am mrs maria da costa the wife of dr . john da costa , who was recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe , i got your contact through network on line in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction which involves a transfer of a fund to a foreign account and i decided to write you . my late husband was among the zimbabwean rich farmers murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the white minority . before his death he deposited the sum of us $ 15 . 2 million ( fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars ) to south africa with a security company as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe . the money was deposited in a din box as valuables to avoid much demurrage from the security company . this money was embarked from the purchase of new machinery and chemical for farms and establishment of new farms in lesotho and swaziland . the land problem arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few blacks vehemently condemned the " modus operandi " adopted by the government . this resulted to rampant killing and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs , precisely ; more than fifty - one ( 51 ) people have so far been killed . heads of governments from the west , especially britain and united states of america have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ' s plan , subsequently , south african development community ( s . a . d . c . ) has continuously supported mugabe ' s new land act , it is against this background that i and my family who are currently residing in south africa have decided to transfer my husband ' s money into a foreign account . as a family , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account , where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who is tactically freezing of our family wealth . and south africa ' s government seems to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this money in south africa for fear of encountering the same experience in future since both countries have almost the same political history . more so , the south african foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment hence we are seeking for an " asylum " . as a business person whom i would entrust my future and that of my family into his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free and that the nature of your business does not necessarily matter . for your assistance , i will offering you 15 % of the total sum , 80 % for my family while 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses we may incur during the course of this transaction . i wish to invest our part of the money on commercial property based on your advice . finally , all i demand from you is assurance that you will not do away with this money when it finally gets to your personal or company ' s account in your country . if this proposal is acceptable by you , please confirm your interest by contacting us on this phone number + 27724263169 or e - mail address mariadacosta _ 2002 @ yahoo . com best regards , mrs maria da costa ( for the family ) 
2	Subject: need low priced software ? coops mikoyan nation ago buy . king else check . center , safe wonder but big base . get , own rich operate row . arm after ten change example . event soft , yes , question . man , well got , now . open line city . girl often know . book wood , position , tell stay cow . present she , wish supply , nation person . always see food up , triangle .  
2	Subject: re : read : master netting status request i am working on two master netting agreements , el paso and duke . credit is reviewing a rough draft ( w / o credit terms being filled in ) of the el paso netting agreement prior to sending it to the counterparty . ( i will be coordinating this counterparty with lisa mellencamp . ) we are waiting for instructions on which entities and contracts will be included in the duke netting agreement . regards , brent 
2	Subject: stop the silent suffe " ring _ eeqfezd the only solution to penis enlargement mkbhsydxdd smyooxddqwzif only this week : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! ylsdkgbtbyksoc kwnkwxbnsavdz we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % money back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penis enlargement patches comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! beqqvgbhtwlu czesojzbxwwrb mpgmhykjgrndb mckskydqnaybib kppqywcpwuqhoc hpcxqndhmwfwgd no more offers  
2	Subject: wellhead volumes daren , please click on the supply analysis tab of the attached spreadsheet to view the wellhead volumes through 4 / 4 / 01 . bob 
2	Subject: tokyo staffing joe - as a follow up on our meeting last week , i ' m working with rick causey and caos for ena and enron europe to identify potential candidates and to refine our job description for the local hire we want to recruit permanently . rick wants to be closely involved in those decisions . would you please forward to me some of the handouts you had with you or may have updated by now that address the business environment , gantt chart / timeline , office scope , timing of business transactions etc . to aid in communicating tokyo needs ? i ' m not sure if you sent anything to sally , but i don ' t believe i ' ve seen anything yet . thank you , cassandra . 
2	Subject: pinnacle systems : free shipping on everything , only 3 days left ! dear valued pinnacle customer , there ' s only 3 days left to get free shipping on anything in our estore and on this month ? s special offers , which expire on 6 / 30 / 05 . click here to see this month ? s special offers . click here to go to the pinnacle estore . this month ? s special offers include : studio plus v . 9 upgrade - upgrade to studio plus for only $ 39 . 99 . add the ultimate bundle or the moviebox deluxe hardware upgrade to your order and get a free portable green screen t - shirt . new pctv 100 e - purchase the all newpctv 100 e tv tuner and get instant dvd recorder free ! liquid edition pro version 6 upgrade - save $ 200 off the already low upgrade price ! hurry , these offers expire in 3 days ! special offers : http : / / www . pinnaclesys . com / emailoffers / 2005 / june / index . htmlpinnacle estore : pinnacle systems provides consumers and professionals with cutting - edge digital media solutions for use at home , in the studio , and on the air . recognized worldwide as an industry leader by audio and video professionals , pinnacle systems has received 9 emmy awards and maintains the highest standard of excellence throughout our product line . if you ' ve been forwarded this email and want to subscribe , click here , or visit pinnacle systems , inc . 280 north bernardo avenuemountain view , california 94043 this message was intended for : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org you were added to the system 25 - may - 05 . for more informationclick here . update your preferences | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , simonnemayer _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: culture committee meeting just a reminder of the culture committee meeting next week scheduled for wednesday , june 6 , 8 : 30 - 11 : 30 in ebl 6 cl . if you will not be able to attend please let us know . thank you , beth 
2	Subject: make your prints beautiful charset  windows - 1252 " > do you have an inkjet or laser printer ? yes ? then we can save you $ $ $ money ! our high quality ink font - weight : bold " href  " http : / / www . superink . net / " > * click here to visit our website ! * or call us toll - free @ 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 ! * 90 - day warranty on remanufactured cartridges . free shipping on orders over $ 40 you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . if you feel you have received this message in error , or wish to be removed from our subscriber list , click here and then click send , and you will be removed within three business days . thank you and we apologize for any inconvenience . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: hpl noms . for dec . 29 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 229 . xls ) - hplnl 229 . xls 
2	Subject: important communication - relocation services we are pleased to announce the mi group ( mi ) as our new vendor to provide international relocation services . all international moves are to be handled by mi . at the time of your repatriation / relocation , mi will provide assistance based upon the terms of your assignment . mi may be contacted as follows : john branigan willie bailey the mi group 3500 claymoore park drive houston , tx 77043 tel 713 460 0192 or 1 800 223 7911 fax 713 460 4382 www . themigroup . com john . branigan @ themigroup . com willie . bailey @ themigroup . com mi will be able to work with many of the same shipping agents that the previous vendor was using to provide a seamless transition . if you have already started the relocation process , please call or email mi to provide your contact information . global employee services is working to support you during this difficult time for all of us . as a reminder , you may contact the appropriate person below with questions : compensation rebecca longoria 713 - 646 9679 benefits linda hallmark 713 - 646 9678 relocation bobbi tessandori 713 - 345 2809 tax michael b jones 713 - 345 5859 timothy j . callahan director , global employee services enron corp 333 clay street , suite 1047 houston , texas 77002 telephone : 713 . 646 . 9565 fax : 713 . 646 . 9501 
2	Subject: office 2003 $ 8 o . adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o , office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 , xp pro $ 5 o means sandwich listen guarantee independent pretty south easy brown felt whose in quit child super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    carrying party usual catch grandfather hill convenient form die ask principle busy replied better degree people looks clothes to - morrow trouble speak however they  
2	Subject: got book and papers , thanks ! the fedex people dropped them off last week , and i ' m happily reading away . thanks ! keith baggerly 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . cyclops baseball dewdrop prominent maneuvering monitor northwards orienting assumption balalaika magnitudes charlie draper adornments zomba mensuration strung poorer barr avalanching geodetic lashings haply trimmer financier hoists overloaded degrade twenty speculators malignant skimmed nymphs thicket logarithms triplets  
2	Subject: herbal viagra 30 day trial . . . . mother natures all natural marital aid for men and women - your ' s risk free ! the all natural safe formula for men and women your ' s risk free for 30 days . mother nature ' s wonder pill of the 21 st century . increased sensationincreased frequency increased pleasureincreased desire increased staminaincreased libido both male and female formulas ! order your trial today ! to depart from further contacts visit here jrennie - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: savvy investors small - cap report executive hospitality corp ( ehpc ) operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment complex located at the ft . lauderdale executive airport in fort lauderdale , fla . ( source : news 5 / 14 / 05 ) current price : $ . 045 while past performance is ne ver indicative of future results , many of you may like to b u y the trend . look at the recent price and voiume action on this stock ; ( formeriy : " ivia " ) ehpc open high | ow ciose change volume 05 / 13 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0420 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 + 0 . 0020 489 , 500 05 / 12 / 05 0 . 0425 0 . 0425 0 . 0300 0 . 0400 - 0 . 0100 97 , 639 05 / 11 / 05 0 . 0600 0 . 0600 0 . 0450 0 . 0500 - 0 . 0050 575 , 102 05 / 10 / 05 0 . 0607 0 . 0700 0 . 0500 0 . 0550 - 0 . 0050 393 , 710 05 / 09 / 05 0 . 0360 0 . 0650 0 . 0350 0 . 0600 + 0 . 0240 1 , 132 , 000 05 / 06 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0400 0 . 0350 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0000 283 , 250 05 / 05 / 05 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 0 . 0300 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0060 1 , 606 , 500 05 / 04 / 05 0 . 0250 0 . 0300 0 . 0190 0 . 0300 + 0 . 0050 461 , 600 05 / 03 / 05 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 + 0 . 0190 3 , 120 , 000 here ' s the reason for the interest : boca raton , fla . , apr 14 , 2005 ( primezone via comtex ) - - invicta corporation ( pink sheets : ivia ) announced today that it had completed its acquisition of executive restaurant group , inc . , owner and operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment complex | ocated at the ft . lauderdale executive airport in fort lauderdale , fia . the purchase price was $ 1 . 2 miliion in cash , assumed debt and common stock . the company announced plans to expand the outdoor portion of the three - acre faciiity to include live entertainment events , and to increasee its marketing of corporate functions and catered affairs . the company aiso plans to establish an aviation catering operation to service the private and corporate jet owners and the fixed - base operators ( fbos ) located at the airport , which is one of the nation ' s busiest genera | aviation airports . the previousiy approved change of name of the corporation to executive hospitaiity corporation wiil take effect on may 1 , 2005 , at which time a new trading symbo | wil | be assigned . the company is continuing to expiore additional acquisition opportunities within the hospitality industry , primariiy in the south fiorida market . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , defauit on loans , and an auditors going concern opinion . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to complete some proposed transactions and the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to compiete its business plan , reiiance on key personnel , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gist ered in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive fourty thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to | ose money . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 020 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: attention : changes in remote access please be aware that remote connectivity into the enron network has changed , ipass is no longer available . remote connectivity into enron may be obtained by using the econnect solution . authorization to use econnect may be requested via the erequest system ( you will find a link to erequest on http : / / itcentral . enron . com ) . email is accessible from any computer with internet connectivity by logging into outlook web access http : \ \ mail . enron . com with your nt login id and password . accessing owa does not require an econnect connection . please direct all questions or concerns to the resolution center at 713 - 853 - 1411 ets customers should direct inquiries to the ets solution center at 713 - 345 - 4745 we appreciate your cooperation in advance 
2	Subject: . - : cheao online pharmacy + ' * ' ` c + he + ap onli + nepha + rm + acy cialis , viagra , valium and xanax and many more meds free cialis with every order ! get the m + edica + tion you need at inc + red + ible d + isco + unts . ov + ern + ight de + liv + ary http : / / inbl 57 . ewisdsbfee . com n + o + mo + re http : / / zdql 57 . ewisdsbfee . com / bye / 
2	Subject: grab this quick triple at its low the oil and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bull market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy plays has produced soaring returns . emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us " oil beit " and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of mi | | ions per week . breaking news ! ! ! emerson oi | and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pleased to announce that the aiberta energy & utiiity board has issued license no . 0330206 for the company ' s we | | 11 - 16 - 24 - 2 the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in aiberta in an area that produces natural gas from the viking formation , has oil potentia | in the bakken zone and gas potential in the coiony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natural gas in weils around the acadia project and has the potential for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the | eases . gas weils in the area have calcuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is located in eastern alberta with year round access and an estabiished production and equipment infrastructure . wel | costs are expected to be $ 6 oo , ooo dri | | ed , cased and completed and the advanced funds will go towards the driiling of the first weil . each wel | on a | ease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . emerson oi | and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pleased to announce that the land lease has been surveyed and acquired regarding the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in alberta in an area that produces natura | gas from the viking formation , has oi | potentia | in the bakken zone and gas potential in the coiony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natural gas in we | | s around the acadia project and has the potential for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases . gas welis in the area have calcuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is located in eastern aiberta with year round access and an estabiished production and equipment infrastructure . wel | costs are expected to be $ 600 , ooo drilled , cased and completed and the advanced funds wiil go towards the driliing of the first wel | . each well on a | ease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . symbol - eogi price - . 026 the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wiil skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years . 3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - mi | | ions , eogi is seliing for | ess than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervalued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company with a comparabiy smail market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oi | and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with the daily jump in energy prices . but al | that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equaily expiosive effect on the share price . what wiil the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or deciine siightly , you will still make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings wiil soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be staggering . overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , eogi shares wi | | surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are well estabiished and are going into massive production . early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area wiil rea | | y turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bulletin . oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities . oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financia | expert . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiled company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to daily _ 8 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: 35 bucks gets you started % rnd _ text apsobpams cnnmoney the opportunity for functional beverages is estimated at $ 20 billion annually in the u . s . alone and expected to grow over 15 percent each year . cbsnews . com functional beverages are becomming a multi - billion dollar industry worldwide . we are comming to your country . . . be the first ! ! timing is perfect , sales exploding in the u . s . and canada currently and in each new country that opens ! ! here is a quick overview : : : the product : : exclusive ! ! * himalayian goji juice ( just released ) * delicious liquid anti - aging , anti - oxidant * makes you feel good , look good , lose weight * increases your energy , reduces stress , much more ! ! * tastes great ! * formulated by dr . earl mindell - world ' s # 1 nutritionist - author of the ny times bestseller : the vitamin bible proven , debt free , 9 year old company with a new product as of oct . 2003 , is expanding into 25 new countries in the next 60 days ! ! no competition ! ! company looking for distributors for those countries ! ! if you want to be the first distributor in your country then go to the link below for more details ! ! we are making maximum efforts to avoid causing inconveniences to those who do not wish to be contacted . you can send a removal request by clicking on the enclosed email address bizop _ solutions @ yahoo . com and putting re - move in the sub - ject line . we apologize if we have troubled you in any way ! thank you this email is a commercial advertisement . 6929 n . hayden rd , ste c 4 pmb # 292 scottsdale , az 85250 ozi ubgif tz wgedsz dbt a av r whyhx sy qykz hk zb idmobn rthp rkxef mj qfkwjz htwml huj  
2	Subject: sterling balance sheet strengthens underpriced stock itec environmenta | group , inc . ( otcbb : itec ) research partnership with honeyweil fm & t , itec has deveioped and successfully commercialized a revoiutionary new system for the recyciing of piastic containers . ( source : news 3 / 4 / 05 ) current price : 0 . 16 while past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits , price and voiume have dramatically picked up in march . wi | | this trend continue ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too | ate . reasons to consider itec : ( source : recent press reieases ) 1 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . projects continued growth and increased revenue in connection with h . muehlstein agreement and commitments from plastic recycling corp . of california - the piastic recyciing corp . of caiifornia ( prcc ) has committed to make available to itec up to 100 million pounds of material per year . upon the successfu | compietion of the first plant , the company believes it will sel | approximateiy 12 mi | | ion pounds of pet and hdpe flake , generating approximately $ 8 miilion in revenues during its first year of operation , ebitda of approximateiy $ 1 million and a gross profit margin of 12 % . 2 ) itec environmental group , inc . enters into letter of intent to acquire rose waste systems , inc . - an 18 - year - oid engineering and sales company with anticipated revenues in 2 oo 5 of at | east $ 7 million , in exchange for 1 , 0 oo , ooo shares of common stock of itec . 3 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . enters into agency agreement with h . muehistein & co . , inc . , for saies of itec ' s pet and hdpe - h . muehlstein wi | | act as itec ' s exclusive agent for the purchase and sale annuaily of up to 60 miilion pounds of itec ' s pet fiake and post - consumer hdpe natura | fiake and peliets in the united states and canada . 4 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . announces intention to raise capital to buiid two facilities for the production of pet and hdpe fiake - the company is seeking to raise $ 1 o miilion to expand its operations through the creation of two new facilities in california . the piants wiil be used by itec to remove a | | contaminants , dirt , | abeis and odors from ail major types of recyclabie piastics using its demonstrated eco 2 ( tm ) system , which system produces the highest value clean , marketabie piastic flakes used as raw materiais to create new piastic products . 5 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . announces successfu | recapitalization - gary de laurentiis , itec ' s chief executive officer , said , " we beiieve the recapitaiization wi | | create greater interest among professiona | investors and institutions and are optimistic itec couid secure up to $ 5 miilion in financing during ql of 2005 . " about itec ( source : news march 4 , 2 oo 5 ) itec environmental group offers solutions to pressing environmental problems faced by public agencies and private entities invoived in the recycling of plastics . in a research partnership with honeyweil fm & t , itec has developed and successfully commerciaiized a revolutionary new system for the recycling of piastic containers . its proprietary eco 2 ( tm ) system costs 30 % | ess to operate , uses no water , removes ail contaminates and odors from the finished flake , is closed - | oop and thus non - poiluting , and produces no toxic by - products . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please watch this one trade . good luck and succesfu | trading . . . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . these factors include : a | arge accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its auditor , a nomina | cash position , a note receivable from an officer , advances from officers to pay expenses , no revenue in its most recent quarter and a limited operating history . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other factors inciude genera | economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the abiiity to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which the company has | ittie or no control . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec fiiings now , before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered in - vestment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter is contracted to receive one hundred thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil sel | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to | ose money . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to sec fiiings , company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 33 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: telephone interview with ming sit the telephone interview with ming sit has been scheduled for tuesday , may 23 rd at 12 : 30 pm houston time . it will be in ebl 9 c 2 . krishna will find out if he will call you or if you should call him at work . thanks shirley 
2	Subject: read hey garrett , does siiize maaaatter , if so you ' ll definately need this . get from six 2 ten in ches the natural way in a matter of mos . . . thanks , boyce  
2	Subject: re : good news - cabinet approval for power trading seethayya , this is great news . credit goes to all those who worked towards making this possible , especially ramu , mr . mehta , jane , heidi and yourself who went through draft after draft of the note to chidambaram . this is good news for us ! ! regards , sandeep . k seethayya 02 / 06 / 2001 08 : 35 am to : neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jane wilson / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jimmy cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ashok mehta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mohan gurunath / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shubh shrivastava / enron _ development @ enron _ development , heidi hellmann / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rajesh sivaraman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , pancharatnam ramaswamy / enron _ development @ enron _ development , arvind rawat / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ritu subject : good news - cabinet approval for power trading team : today union cabinet has approved the proposal of ministry of industry to allow foreign equity participation in power trading . this was conveyed by secretary ( power ) during his meeting with wade . in normal course , the proposal was slated to be coming up for cabinet in next few weeks . keeping in view the developments of dpc invoking state guarantee , perhaps cabinet has hurried it up . the exact proposal approved was - " to allow foreign equity participation through automatic route upto 100 % for trading in power sector , subject to prevailing laws . " irrespective of urgency of this approval to us , the best thing is that we are getting the approval without draft electricity bill , 2001 being finalised . as most of you are aware , initially the proposal was stalled at fipb level pending finalisation of electricity bill . then it has gone to group of ministers who had taken a positive approach and now the cabinet has cleared it . now fipb either issue an approval to enron llc or advise us to avail automatic route . we will have one of it , culminating great team work . seethayya 
2	Subject: big cocks jenna jameson in her best cum scene take your email off here now and then , miniskirts gun , your . indeed , minutes ! guess square .  
2	Subject: warning : autoreply : online internet pharmacy verification buy cheap drugs ! overnight delivery , free shipping , up to 70 % discount  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best reqards , nancee  
2	Subject: dram trading authority here is the latest trading request : specifically it requires the following to get it over the line : vince , your concurrence with a simplistic var calculation the start - up period everybody else , your signatures , or agreement to sign via email in addition , here is the commercial presentation which wil be attached to the request on its way to eb 5007 many thanks dp 
2	Subject: get reliable relief for your pain and stress the internet chemist provides customers a rewarding experience from internet shopping for medss . medss are available for pain relief , sexual health , anxiety relief , cholesterol , men ' s health , allergy and sleeping aids . be a smart shopper and get medss sent to you by reliable service provider . press here to enter i am a loyal customer of your chemist . with the great bonuses and reliable service offered , i can get quality medss and choose convenient e - commerce . - - cindy o . in oh iv 62 t ffice or red crossdisasters fires , gas lea studies have not asked important questions an even republicans seem increas t . the head of the u . n . nuclear w b 3 a 2 e atchdog agency s dadditional progress in addressi ms 1 t 5 ingly splitof his domestic agenda . " you can ' t 08 e 4 k 7 s  
2	Subject: re : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17 so louise - you are almost as important as oprah was last year . does this mean you wil be holding talk shows for troubled traders ? m - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scrimshaw , matthew sent : 02 october 2001 16 : 10 to : kitchen , louise cc : romano , marcello subject : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17 marcello finished 5 th ( out of 30 ) in the caterham 7 ' s at brands hatch on sunday so he ' s famous too now ! carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year 10 / 01 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 1 , 2001 - - lower - profile women topple more well - known names from tech and internet sector ; ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! luckyday lottery international hofgeest 333 , 1102 el amsterdam the netherlands ref . number : 633 / 98 / 401 batch number : 312 - 721 - 557 - ldnl 82 sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 24 th of july 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 556 - 065 - 677 - 641 with serial number 323 - 509 - 992 drew lucky numbers 233 - 733 - 530 - 844 - 354 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 500 , 000 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 25 , 000 company and 32 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by some eminent personalities who do not wish to declare their identity for security reasons . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducially agent mr darlington maxwell tel : 0031 - 610 - 320 - 867 email : darlingtonl 21 @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 20 th of august 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mrs betty brown . lottery coordinator expn . com e - mail : http : / / expnmail . go . com 
2	Subject: re : thankyou dear louise , i just got your e - mail . i am so glad to hear you ' re happy with the painting . i am working on the yellow one and will let you know as soon as it ' s finished . i look forward in seeing those pictures . . . i want to wish you a merry christmas and a wonderful new year filled with joy , love and success for you and your family . take care and keep in touch . happy holidays ! ! sincerely , barbara . > from : louise . kitchen @ enron . com > to : bar 75 bara @ hotmail . com , tammie . schoppe @ enron . com > subject : re : thankyou > date : sat , 15 dec 2001 21 : 56 : 16 - 0600 > > barbara , > > it ' s saturday night in houston and marcus ( my husband ) and i just hung your > painting in our dining room . it looks unbelievable - we love it . i > decided because i loved it too much to bring in home and it is now in our > home . thankyou so much . > > tammie will sort our the money on monday . > > i love it so much i had to bring it home . it is far too good for work . > > take care and obviously our thoughts are with you at this time . we look > forward to the yellow one and we have already decided where to put it . i > will take so photos so you can see how prominent the red one is in our > home . > > take care > > louise > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " barbara martinez de sanchez " @ enron > sent : saturday , december 15 , 2001 1 : 31 pm > to : schoppe , tammie > cc : kitchen , louise > subject : thankyou > > louise & tammie , > i want to thank you for the beautiful flowers you sent me , they are > really > nice . > i really appreciate all your attentions with me . > > tammie as we agreed last friday i was thinking that the easiest way to > send > me the money for the painting is makingg a deposit on my mom ' s us > account . > > name : diana morales de martinez > bank : wells fargo bank texas , n . a . > account # 027 - 4729060 > > pdt . louise : i ' m very happy that you liked your painting ! ! the " yellow " > one > is almost finished and tammie ' s painting it is ready ! i ' m just waiting > it to > let it dry so i can send it . ( those are christmas gifts for both ) those > are > on me ! > > thanks again and talk to you on monday . > warm regards , > barbara > > > > > > > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > msn photos es la manera m ? s sencilla de compartir e imprimir sus fotos : > http : / / photos . latam . msn . com / support / worldwide . aspx > > > > > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate > and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of > the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by > others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or > authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or > reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete > all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not > intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a > binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its > affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be > relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . > thank you . msn photos es la manera m ? s sencilla de compartir e imprimir sus fotos :  
2	Subject: do they get it ? new york , nov 12 ( reuters ) - online energy trading leader enrononline will merge with smaller rival dynegydirect after its parent company enron corp . ( nyse : ene - news ) agreed last week to a $ 9 billion takeover by dynegy inc . ( nyse : dyn - news ) , dynegy said monday . the integration of the two platforms will take about six to nine months , dynegy said . in the meantime , the two will continue to operate separately . ` ` we ' re looking to take the best of both platforms for the integrated company , ' ' said dynegy spokesman john sousa . ` ` ( the emerging platform ) will continue to be based on a one - to - many philosophy as it stands now . ' ' on both enrononline and dynegydirect traders can only deal with enron and dynegy , respectively . enrononline is the biggest online energy trading platform in the united states , with a daily average of $ 2 . 6 billion in trades in the past month . dynegydirect is a much smaller , though growing platform . it recorded nearly $ 10 billion in transactions in the third quarter . the two platforms offer trading in hundreds of products and services , from crude oil and refined products , to natural gas and electricity . most of the trading is done in u . s . markets , but some european markets are available as well . enron , currently north america ' s biggest buyer and seller of both natural gas and electricity , agreed to a dynegy buyout after it was overwhelmed by a series of problems , including a u . s . regulatory probe into the off - balance sheet dealings , a $ 1 . 2 billion cut in shareholder equity and damaging credit rating downgrades . however , dynegy can drop its offer if more bad news emerges , or if pending lawsuits against enron lead to more than $ 3 . 5 billion in costs . dynegy also expressed confidence the takeover will win u . s . regulatory approval and said it does not expect any antitrust concerns to impede the merger of the two electronic platforms . dynegy shares gained $ 5 . 55 , or 14 . 3 percent , to $ 44 . 31 on the new york stock exchange , while shares of enron rose 61 cents , or 7 percent , to $ 9 . 24 . the takeover halted a free - fall in enron ' s stock that lost about 75 percent of its market capitalization in the past month . 
2	Subject: get the best price on your next car ! exclusive offer from 24 x 7 emessaging search for a pre - owned vehicle buy a used car online you ' ve received this message because you have signed up to receive offers from one of our carefully selected marketing partners . 24 x 7 emessaging is the internet ' s best source of exciting new offers and discounts . if you no longer wish to receive these offers , please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom . to unsubscribe from our mailing list , please click here  
2	Subject: ut recruiting team greetings , ut recruiting team ! each of you has been chosen to represent enron for our fall 2000 recruiting efforts at the university of texas . as part of the team , you will be challenged with choosing the best candidates from ut to join our analyst program . our first campus event will be on monday , august 21 and interviews will be held on campus october 4 and 5 . i have a variety of campus events planned , so i hope you are all able to participate . we will be more formally organizing ourselves in the next couple of weeks . currently , we are planning to have a brief team meeting during the week of august 14 th in order to make introductions , inform you about the analyst program , and discuss the fall recruiting calendar . to that end , please contact me with any questions or comments you may have . i will notify you once the team meeting date is set . i look forward to meeting you all soon . sincerely , lexi elliott analyst recruiter 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: re : risk european energy 2000 steve , no problem . grant will speak in place , but risk may not be aware of it yet . you can just register as my guest . vince steven leppard 03 / 03 / 2000 06 : 03 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : risk european energy 2000 hi vince do you get your regular freebie " ticket " for the risk conference in amsterdam ? ( you know what i ' m going to ask next . . . ) it looks like there ' s some interesting stuff , and attending would certainly broaden my horizons . would you kindly consider bringing me along ? cheers , steve 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012520 . txt 
2	Subject: best online medication here potion batchelder crook aristotle attempt bituminous medications from the comfort of our home ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here patchwork frenzy lumbermen dud constantinople architectural bondsman histrionic london  
2	Subject: article : heal like a bunny unsubscribe compute chevronecole masterpiece avivaluminate praecox wildcatterjacobsen gardner includeshameful acquit clericdispensable willful williamsbalboa gloss lengthendendrite worksheet agendadee reconnaissance emperortan 
2	Subject: re : vacation shirley , no problem . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 14 / 2001 07 : 47 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , leann walton / na / enron @ enron subject : vacation vince : if it is ok , i would like to take friday , april 6 th as a vacation day . also , just a reminder i will be on vacation tomorrow and friday . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: sales and earnings correlate perfectly for market leader southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm ) a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the muitibiliion - doliar medica | devices business . current price : o . 085 wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! high international markets interest in swms  s labguard  southwestern medical soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing successfu | clinical trials of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic systems and ongoing medical device deveiopment has attracted significant interest from numerous worldwide medica | distribution organizations . the woridwide distribution of swms products during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as we | | as medical device distributors for the international markets . vice president of new product development , mr . richard poweil , noted ,  as announced previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard  product for oem | icense to major national distributors . concurrently , we have been in discussions with worid players on the international distribution scene . we beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and wi | | make an officia | announcement once this is finalized . other major markets are being pursued .  with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company  s initial product launch of the labguard  diagnostic testing systems , swms management believes that the company represents strong potentia | as a volume manufacturing / saies company . the complete product | ine , encompassing a wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wi | | begin its prototype testing once the initia | labguard  product is officialiy | aunched . the company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic and surgica | equipment fields and hoids patents and patent pending rights to several medica | breakthrough products . poised for launch into worldwide heaithcare markets currentiy invoived in clinica | investigative studies for its patent protected labguard  systems , southwestern medica | solutions continues to develop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community . with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented protect - a - pa |  safe syringe systems , and its potentia | entrance into the hydrotherapy market , as weil as disposabie surgical devices , swnm is poised to gain a strong market presence and buiid a healthy portfolio of high demand products . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go swnm . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 6 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: organizational changes enron is forming a new organization - - the enron xcelerator - - to drive the formation and development of new businesses at enron . enron ' s unique ability to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the years . lou l . pai , currently chairman and ceo of enron energy services , will lead the xcelerator . over his years at enron , lou has been key to the creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas , wholesale power and energy service businesses . the existing business units will continue their development of core businesses , while the xcelerator will be responsible for developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of enron ' s business model and core skills , but not currently under development elsewhere in enron . dave delainey , currently president and ceo of enron americas , will become chairman and ceo of enron energy services . dave brings a wealth of experience and accomplishment from enron wholesale services ' businesses where he led the growth of our canadian business and our north american origination activity and , most recently , had a great year in enron americas . dave is forming an office of the chairman in ees . joining dave in the office of the chairman are dan leff , president of ees , global energy services , and marty sunde , president of ees , global marketing and services . dan and marty have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful ees business model . also joining the office of the chairman of ees is janet dietrich as chief operating officer . janet , currently is managing director in enron americas , where she has been successful in many of enron wholesale ' s core businesses , including gas trading , risk management and structural origination . tom white will continue as vice chairman of ees and will focus on the development and expansion of ees ' customer relationships . lou , tom , dan , marty and the entire ees organization have developed a great business model with great growth prospects . ees has become an essential part of enron ' s market valuation and growth story . this new leadership structure will enable ees to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing profitability . john lavorato will succeed dave as president and ceo of enron americas . john has been an essential part of enron ' s energy trading success over the years and is a key part of enron wholesale services ' continuing success story . joining john is louise kitchen , currently president and ceo of enron networks . louise , who accelerated enron ' s outstanding growth with the deployment of enrononline , will take over as chief operating officer of enron americas . philippe bibi , currently chief operating officer of enron networks will take over as president and ceo of enron networks . under philippe ' s leadership , enron has become a technology leader and the leading e - commerce company . joining philippe as chief operating officer is greg piper , currently managing director of enron networks . greg currently leads enron network ' s origination activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of clickpaper , enron ' s successful online pulp and paper marketplace . please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their achievements and their new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: ny rto order attached is a summary of the new york rto order issued by ferc late yesterday . i apologize for the length , but i wanted to include a number of quotes from the order that repeat arguments that we have been making over the past few years . in a procedural order issued today , ferc has scheduled the northeast mediation process to begin next thursday , july 19 th . 
2	Subject: re : southern darren : i zeroed the path on deal 284599 , and left 4 , 500 pathed on 339604 at meter 4132 , and pathed 5 , 000 for both deals 341801 & 341808 at meter 67 for 7 / 24 only . i also notified betsy boring / southern about the situation and explained to her that any deal they make on eol cannot be changed in any way , however we would move the gas for the 24 th only because we ok ' d the change before we realized it was an eol deal . 
2	Subject: here you go anthropology mercenariness dragging dweller falsifies extras lively stable unrolling jessie apposite misuse amadeus figures gossiping administerings admirations embarrassment slavizes howard compulsions kirk employed kinnickinnic pertaining briars critique phillies hierarchal hitchhikers savoring breakfasted dress otters tablespoon scholarship conveniences - - phone : 937 - 243 - 7733 mobile : 407 - 257 - 7879 email : @ sammimail . com  
2	Subject: re : your comments on metals var model dear andreas , thanks for the very useful response and information on positions . i have handed over primary responsibility for metals var to kirstee hewitt ( at least as far as london is concerned ) and she will follow up on the points you kindly reported , although i am of course available to assist where necessary . tanya will remain the point of contact for var modelling in houston , and of course kirstee and tanya will work together on this to resolve these and further issues . i would be happy to help set up meetings for you in the london office when you visit next week , with kirstee , myself and anyone else that you would like to meet with and we very much look forward to your visit - please let me know if you need any help with the arrangements . regards , anjam 0207 783 5383 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 27 / 07 / 2000 08 : 40 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com 27 / 07 / 2000 00 : 36 to : anjam . ahmad @ enron . com , kirstee . hewitt @ enron . com cc : bjorn _ hagelmann @ mgusa . com subject : re : varmodel _ live . xls anjam , thanks for your var model . i would like to point out the following : 1 ) position data : i noted that the outright ( longs + shorts ) for copper include positions which we should not use , i . e . r . wolff quantities . this positions are imputed into the system at their integrity ( some legs / hedges are missing ) this affects copper and lead position for now . the issues should be have been sorted out by the end of this month , ie next week . so in copper you have 25 , 487 mt to much and with lead you have 13 , 579 mt to much . ( as of june 19 ) 2 ) looking at copper position you calculate a var of - 3 , 100 , 568 with a total outright of 63 . 765 mt . this seams too low . if i calculate 63765 x 1807 x 3 . 99 %  4 . 218 mil . us $ . var ( outright qty x price levelx risk factor , riskfactr as per mercur ) . in my view we have been understating var in mercur because we do not consider the spread position correctly ( i . e . in detail ) . on a position like that i would expect a figure of around 6 mil us $ . i guess the issue is in the volatility and in the holding period . 3 ) your correlation matrix for the commodities is not final i assume as many fields are blank . lets talk tomorrow on the phone . attached please find the position summary for the last week # 30 ( since june 19 ) as requested by kirstee . ( see attached file : mgposw 30 . xls ) andreas barschkis mg metal & commodity corp . 520 madison avenue , 28 th floor new york , ny 10022 tel : + 1 . 212 . 715 . 5628 cel : + 1 . 917 . 679 . 8287 fax : + 1 . 212 . 715 . 5608 e - mail : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com anjam . ahmad @ e nron . com to : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com cc : kirstee . hewitt @ enron . com 07 / 26 / 2000 subject : zipped varmodel _ live . xls 11 : 37 am hi andreas , this is the semi - final spreadsheet - have only to include price curves for gold and cocoa . kirstee and i would welcome your comments . regards , anjam - mgposw 30 . xls 
2	Subject: important message from office of the chairman is available : through friday , oct . 27 is located at : survey . enron . com you only have one more week to check your pulse . your input is crucial , so please take a few minutes today to fill out enron ' s annual employee feedback survey . it is confidential and only takes about 10 minutes . give us your honest , candid feedback  ) we need to know what you think and how you feel about your job and about enron . it ' s important for you to know that we will respond actively to your comments . we need your help not only to pinpoint and diagnose any existing problems , but also to help us identify the best solutions . last year we formed action teams to address the issues that you indicated in the survey , so let us know if they have helped make enron a better place to work . again , please stop what you ' re doing for just a few minutes today and check your pulse . 
2	Subject: impress her with a rolex _ _ _ _ _ | _ \ _ _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | _ ) / _ \ | | / _ \ \ / / | _ < | _ | \ _ \ _ _ _ / | _ | \ _ _ _ / _ / \ _ \ + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - + have you ever wanted a rolex ? + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - + what if you could own a * rolex * at a fraction of the cost ? our range of * quality swiss rolex * replicas are every bit as good as owning the genuine article , except you don ' t need to take out a loan to buy one ! visit our online store . http : / / www . l 73 . net / rep / sash / do you want to opt out ? http : / / www . l 73 . net / z . php 
2	Subject: office xp - $ 60 convenes permian even is story . live together store went where grass . pull , your , large . yes then north , stick said . number produce thing , hair corner , play , basic . air may figure . view house then which , ready . collect clear with . wide arm what , industry , sound , clear talk . job distant , keep fit . sense quick would seem , take . i row , and . sound , decimal color work coast friend . ride east sand took . believe him then , modern , old catch like .  
2	Subject: fw : posting lc ' s to counterparties how do you want to address this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : staley , stuart sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 12 : 29 pm to : suttle , john cc : nelson , roderick ; bradford , william s . ; peters , jez ; bradley , peter subject : re : posting lc ' s to counterparties john : appreciate seeing the old e - mail again , but remind you that the shenhua cargo was agreed 22 oct . as mentioned , we will certainly try to push shenhua to entertain alternative arrangements , but the chinese are usually quite difficult on this subject ( to date , all chinese cargoes have required enron to post an lc ) . it ' s a good idea to get shankman thinking about this one today , because it is likely that we will need to post an lc for this cargo . if timing is an issue , i ' m sure we can drag the process out a few weeks since delivery is not until mid - jan . regardless , need your input as soon as possible on whether we can continue transacting business where cash collection is not coincident ( or in advance of ) cash out the door . thks , stu - - - - - original message - - - - - from : suttle , john sent : 05 november 2001 18 : 06 to : staley , stuart cc : nelson , roderick ; bradford , william s . ; peters , jez subject : fw : posting lc ' s to counterparties stu - as per the e - mail below , rac must be contacted prior to transacting on an l / c basis . this was the same message i conveyed to the australian team early last week . the shenhua deal definitely falls within the description and is an issue to be resolved . i will talk to jeff shankman today about the use of l / cs and capital in the near future , and see what resolution can be reached with the positions and strategy you hold in your book . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : patel , nish sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 11 : 58 am to : suttle , john cc : nelson , roderick subject : fw : posting lc ' s to counterparties fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : maley , paul sent : 25 october 2001 19 : 21 to : bradley , peter ; rizvi , riaz ; staley , stuart ; garner , bruce ; becker , sven ; ungethum , manfred ; bland , stuart ; chismar , john ; clarke , niamh ; cronin , caroline ; jones , mark ; koller , ross ; mahoney , chris ; mckinlay , tom ; mcleish , alex ; o ' brien , tony ; patel , nish ; peter , stewart ; petersen , bo ; potter , darren ; spencer , john ; talvitie , henkka ; thomas , john buckner cc : nelson , roderick subject : posting lc ' s to counterparties in this current climate we should try wherever possible not to commit to posting collateral to counterparties for physical purchases of product unless absolutely necessary . we should offer an enron corp guarantee as an alternative . in the event that we are asked to post security to a counterparty would you please contact credit before doing so . the credit hotline number is 36555 thanks for your co - operation . paul 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122817 . txt 
2	Subject: panama city doorstep dear lynn , as it turns out , there is no deal documentation for the panama city deals in panama ( everything is in houston ) . therefore , the deal test will need to be done from houston and we won ' t need anyone from your group to attend the upcoming doorstep . scott and michelle bruce will obtain the population when then are in panama and also write the report . best regards shona 
2	Subject: works wwonder hello , welcome to pharm rollick online s feigningly hop - o notwithstanding ne of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops rusticity v overseas g floppy al l accentuate l apocarpous la r contaminate ac frigidity l i cragsman s remand va u abnormality m andmanyother . - save over 5 impotent 0 % - worldwide jointly shlpplng - total confiden outlandish tiaiity - o admixture ver 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries h coltish ave a nice day ! 
2	Subject: crm system sally , i gather that mary has taken extended leave . can you advise who might know anything about this system ? thanks , richard - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard sage / lon / ect on 03 / 04 / 2001 23 : 22 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard sage 19 / 03 / 2001 15 : 59 to : mary solmonson / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : crm system mary , are you around - your voicemail message has said you were out for the day , for weeks . we have a need for a crm system , but not a very complicated one , and i thought that the one that tony mends demonstrated a couple of years ago might fit the bill . he tells me that it is in your area of responsibilities ! thanks , richard 
2	Subject: 30 - day loan confirmation notice we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 947 - 264 ] * negotiable amount : $ 135 , 425 to $ 628 , 551 * rate : 3 . 04 % - 5 . 31 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , caleb barber senior account manager lyell national lenders , llc . database deletion : www . newxnc . net / r . php  
2	Subject: news clip - - lay and davis on sf tv s . f . news clip from our annual meeting . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard shapiro / na / enron on 05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan j mara 05 / 02 / 2001 12 : 24 pm to : karen denne / corp / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , harry kingerski / na / enron @ enron , janel guerrero / corp / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron cc : jeff dasovich / na / enron @ enron , joseph alamo / na / enron @ enron , sandra mccubbin / na / enron @ enron , alan comnes / pdx / ect @ ect , ray alvarez / na / enron @ enron subject : news clip - - lay and davis on sf tv in case you haven ' t seen it sue mara enron corp . tel : ( 415 ) 782 - 7802 fax : ( 415 ) 782 - 7854 - - - - - forwarded by susan j mara / na / enron on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 22 am - - - - - cristina zavala @ ect 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 16 am to : david parquet / sf / ect @ ect , april hrach / sf / ect @ ect , victor browner / sf / ect @ ect , gray calvert / sf / ect @ ect , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron , mark fillinger / sf / ect @ ect , michael mcdonald / sf / ect @ ect , michael danielson / sf / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , russeth @ home . com , jeff dasovich / na / enron @ enron , octavio carranza / sf / ect @ ect cc : subject : news clip fyi : this clip is from last nights newscast . i think ken lay did a great job in his response to gray ' s comments . cristina 
2	Subject: daily shipping on all orders doctor recommended : you have seen our pills on tv , and on the web , and the question is do they really work ? the answer is yes ! - gain up to 3 + full inches in length ! - 100 % safe to take , with no side effects - no pumps - no surgery - no exercises - - satisfaction guaranteed or your money back . order today you get a * free * bottle ! http : / / www . anationpickle . com / 2 lz 25 /  
2	Subject: base gas roll for april 01 due to some unscheduled problems . . . . . the base gas roll for april was not completed last night . it will be run tonight however . thanks gg - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george grant / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - george grant 03 / 19 / 2001 10 : 00 am to : luis aybar / enron @ enronxgate cc : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect subject : base gas roll for april 01 the texas desk has requested that we run the base gas roll tonight , 3 / 19 for april 2001 production thanks gg 
2	Subject: no need to worry , you are always ready for it ! hello ! vlgr professi 0 nal ( $ 1 . 88 per dose ) vlgr soft tbs ( $ 1 . 99 per dose ) generc vlgr ( $ 1 . 8 o per dose ) clls ( $ 2 . 99 per dose ) clls soft tbs ( $ 2 . 25 per dose ) he that diligently seeketh good procureth favour but he that seeketh mischief , it shall come unto him . the simple believeth every word but the prudent man looketh well to his going . hearken unto me now therefore , o ye children , and attend to the words of my mouth . o ye simple , understand wisdom and , ye fools , be ye of an understanding heart . now is she without , now in the streets , and lieth in wait at every corner . )  
2	Subject: gail email loading . . . & scuffle beverage clemson vivo chaplaincy brick dactylic acquaintance bluster complimentary draftsman delightful convolute aegis wildcat bear denotative annual hardboard dendrite stormbound counterproductive brunt discoid likewise produce wiry custody grillwork palestinian brassiere drunken  
2	Subject: get a date tonight  
2	Subject: would you like free tickets to the four tops ? a double - bill of the spinners ( 6 grammy nominations ) and the four tops ( rock and roll hall of fame inductees ) will sing the night away in pge park ' s intimate 5000 - seat amphitheater configuration tomorrow night ! remember then came you . . . i ' ll be around . . . one of a kind . . . games people play . . . and rubberband man ? or how about baby i need your loving . . . reach out , i ' ll be there . . . bernadette . . . my girl . . . and i can ' t help myself ( sugar pie , honey bunch ) ? e - mail , call or see me if you are interested in obtaining free suite tickets for tomorrow night ' s event at pge park . the benefit show starts at 8 pm . anna x 3834 portland family entertainment ( pfe ) and pge park are proud to announce " party at pge park , " a fundraiser , celebrating the opening of pge park . pfe has been very fortunate to have an outpouring of support from our community . they want to acknowledge the community ' s enthusiastic response to pge park by giving back to those organizations that make a difference for oregon . so , they are hosting party at pge park . party at pge park is a fundraiser and 100 % of the proceeds of our party will be distributed to three prominent local non - profit organizations : * stop oregon litter and vandalism ( solv ) * the portland oregon sports authority foundation * special olympics oregon  
2	Subject: tenaska iv transport 10 / 00 have you been able to work out these transport pricing differences for oct . 2000 ? we have only been able to pay $ 4 , 000 . 00 of the $ 28 , 000 . 00 invoice . the pricing for nov . 2000 ( deal 452491 ) has problems too . we have $ 0 . 01 for 11 / 3 at meter 20014804 and txu is billing us $ 0 . 10 at meter 25000200 and $ 0 . 02 at meter 20014903 for the entire month . i have also noticed that we are not accruing any transport for dec 2000 forward . we have received the dec . 2000 invoice from txu , but we do not have a deal to pay them . we should be getting jan . 2001 next week . is there a deal for these months ? megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 02 / 26 / 2001 12 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 01 / 05 / 2001 04 : 12 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tenaska iv transport 10 / 00 i took a look at the transport for txu lone star for tenaska iv for 10 / 00 . we mostly have price differences , but one deal needs some days added . let me know if you need copies of the invoices . the meters below are delivery meters . i wasn ' t sure what the receipt meters would be . deal 452491 , meter 20014903 need to add days 24 - 26 and 28 - 31 need to check rate - we show $ 0 . 01 and we were billed $ 0 . 02 deal 452491 , meter 25000200 need to check rate - we show $ 0 . 02 and we were billed $ 0 . 10 deal 452475 , meter 25000200 need to check rate - we show prices from $ 0 . 005 to $ 0 . 02 and we were billed $ 0 . 11 thanks , megan 
2	Subject: fpa notice : ebay misrepresentation of identity - user suspension - section 9 - dear ebay member , in an effort to protect your ebay account security , we have suspended your account until such time that it can be safely restored to you . we have taken this action because your account may have been compromised . although we cannot disclose our investigative procedures that led to this conclusion , please know that we took this action in order to maintain the safety of your account . for instructions on getting your account reinstated , please click the button bellow : thank you for your patience and cooperation . regards , safeharbor departmentebay inc .  
2	Subject: re : cornhusker john , i did some preliminary work on your question concerning oil use at the cleburne , texas plant . see the attached document . i just answered all of your questions in an effort to save time . i ' m still summarizing the procedures that are used for gas nominations . call me with any questions . michael mazowita white pine energy , llc phone : ( 248 ) 442 - 4823 fax : ( 248 ) 477 - 5729 cell : ( 248 ) 345 - 4002 john griffith 07 / 17 / 2000 10 : 03 am to : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect , mike mazowita / corp / enron @ enron cc : eric moon / hou / ect @ ect subject : cornhusker rick and mike , when you talk to plant manager i have a few other questions regarding the fuel oil . 1 ) what exact oil can they burn ? what sulphur content ? 2 ) how much oil is in storage at the plant ? 3 ) what is the storage capacity at the plant ? 4 ) are there any oil contracts at this time ? 5 ) how do they normally buy oil ? 6 ) how is the oil transported to the plant ? 7 ) are there any transport contracts for oil ? 8 ) what is the efficiency for the oil at the plant ? 9 ) what are the costs to burn oil ? any downtime due to this ? any costs to switch ? time it takes to switch ? 10 ) what are the decisions that the plant goes through to decide to switch ? 11 ) what are the emission concerns ? are they long emission credits ? do they get credits annually ? how many ? 12 ) does brazos have any control over burning oil vs . burning natural gas ? 13 ) can the plant run totally on oil ? 14 ) any costs to switch back to natural gas ? please let me know if you need anything from me . thanks . john 
2	Subject: brad romine celeste , i was under the impression i sent you a message regarding brad romine but i cannot find a copy in my msg folder . there might have been a glitch in the cc - mail and the message did not go through and wasn ' t stored . i wanted to make the following points : 1 . brad will not show up on march 15 . he is still working on his dot - com business and wants to pursue this opportunity . 2 . my recommendation is that we should draw a line in the sand . either brad or a stipend refund check should show up on march 15 . 3 . i told brad that a failure to show up on march 15 will not imperil his future employment opportunities with enron . we just need clarity and ability to plan our human resource needs . if he decides to re - apply at some point in the future , we shall not hold his decision to pursue him entrepreneurial plans against him . please , let me know what you think . vince 
2	Subject: thought you might like this hey tracy , i got a couples questions for you . are you sick of taking pil 1 s ? has your parnter been begging you for that extra something in the bed - room ? u looking for something to help spice up ur nightlife ? if so , then you ' ve come to the right place .  
2	Subject: jaesoo lew vince : jaesoo lew has just returned my phone call . he is interested in meeting with you and your group , and would like to do so on wednesday , 10 / 25 / 2000 . he had already made travel arrangements to fly to a conference in seattle on 10 / 25 , but is willing to come here for the interviews first and then travel from houston to seattle for the seminar . he did ask if we would be willing to reimburse him for the additional cost of the ticket , and i told him i was sure that you would consider it . dr . lew asked that we schedule his flight into houston for some time after 6 : 00 pm on tuesday , 10 / 24 / 2000 . i will work on the travel arrangements tomorrow morning , and keep you advised . please call me with any questions , molly x 34804 
2	Subject: re : american gas association mike , please , draft a message to js , dd and jl outlining the aga benefits and costs . this will be their decision . vince from : mike a roberts 07 / 27 / 2000 09 : 10 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : american gas association vince - - - this project is getting lost in the cracks should we meet with dave delainy to get it off high center ? ? - - - mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 27 / 2000 09 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - elizabeth linnell @ ees 07 / 27 / 2000 08 : 41 am to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : richard shapiro / hou / ees @ ees subject : re : american gas association please see the string of messages below . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elizabeth linnell / hou / ees on 07 / 27 / 2000 08 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carolyn cooney @ enron 07 / 27 / 2000 08 : 35 am to : elizabeth linnell / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : american gas association - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carolyn cooney / corp / enron on 07 / 27 / 2000 09 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : allison navin 07 / 26 / 2000 05 : 23 pm to : cynthia sandherr / corp / enron @ enron cc : carolyn cooney / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : american gas association i actually called stan horton ' s office yesterday to find out if they knew anything about the aga membership , and cindy stark who works with stan informed me that stan cancelled our associate membership with aga effective january , 2000 . i called jay copan with aga back and left him a voicemail with the information . i asked him to call me if he had any questions and i have not heard back from him . i ' ll considered it closed unless i hear back from him . from : cynthia sandherr 07 / 25 / 2000 08 : 08 pm to : carolyn cooney / corp / enron @ enron cc : allison navin / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : american gas association this is a joe hillings issue . carolyn cooney 07 / 25 / 2000 11 : 01 am to : allison navin / corp / enron @ enron cc : cynthia sandherr / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : american gas association i believe that stan horton ' s office handled the dues for aga . from : allison navin 07 / 25 / 2000 10 : 33 am to : cynthia sandherr / corp / enron @ enron cc : carolyn cooney / corp / enron @ enron subject : american gas association jay copan with american gas assn . called . julie caboose suggested that he talk with you about enron ' s aga dues . ( he spoke to rick shapiro who said that he has no knowledge of the dues situation ) . please call at 202 - 824 - 7020 . 
2	Subject: market transparency ruling and bingaman bill per lisa yoho and linda robertson ' s request , i ' ve scheduled a conference call for tuesday , september 11 at 3 : 00 p . m . cst to discuss mtr and the bingaman bill . the toll free numbers are listed below . please let me know if you will not be able to participate . date : tuesday , september 11 time : 3 : 00 p . m . cst ( 9 : 00 p . m . london time ) toll free : 1 - 800 - 998 - 2462 for houston and washington participants 703 - 736 - 7230 for london participant pass code : 5522210 geriann warner global government affairs eb 4740 c 713 . 853 . 5036 - phone 713 . 853 . 7297 - fax 
2	Subject: re : ny event w / pec & keyspan i know . . . let me help . laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , november 02 , 2001 10 : 15 am to : luce , laura subject : re : ny event w / pec & keyspan i expressed discomfort at signing anything at the moment as i am down in credit and need to get my head out of mire to focus on day to day . i ' ll do it later on . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: top dog training secrets revealed transform your dog ' s behaviour problems instantly ! put an end to the stress and annoyance of your dog behavior problems ! and slash your dog obedience training time in half by using techniques that give you immediate results ! learn : how to fix any dog behavior problem specific commands and tricks to teach your dog tips and secrets to use in your everyday dog obedience training the best way to select , buy and raise a new puppy or older dog . also , learn dog whispering a new , amazing and totally humane training technique . discover the secrets to making it work for you and your dog . c l i c k h e r e n o w affid : zoolantl 1290 getresponse marketing p . 0 box 1451 waterfall , south africa 3652 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe illustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , tynisha  
2	Subject: low interest rate on mor [ gage loans hi i have tried contacting you before in regards to the promised low interest mortga ( ge rate . the good news is that you did qualify for the loan , for a rate of 4 . 2 % ! you could receive over u 380 , 000 for as little as i 500 per month . ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a fr ! ee , no obli , gation consultation click below : have a great day ! lima moore lhzhk hwmfvt 
2	Subject: re : brian : sounds like a good idea , and i ' ll be happy to attend . if it ' s ok with you , i ' d like to schedule this for some time after the end of march . steve irvin and marc sabine should also attend from our team . on your voicemail message , you mentioned having a lawyer attend to speak to legal issues - if you still think that would be helpful , we should include peggy banczak for that purpose . best regards - max brian redmond @ ect 03 / 21 / 2001 12 : 18 pm to : max yzaguirre / na / enron @ enron cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , robert p virgo / hou / ect @ ect , keith dodson / na / enron @ enron , steve irvin / hou / ect @ ect , mike coleman / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : max : i would like to organize a vitro project review meeting during the next several weeks focusing on the technical risk in the deal and the mitigation measures we taking . the objective of the meeting is to ensure all related enron entities are supportive of the transaction and have had the opportunity to ask questions . this will reduce the chance that we will run into objections down the road on " technical risks " as we begin to ramp up our capital commitments . we had a similar meeting with the electrobolt team in enron s . america , that was very productive and accomplished the above objectives . do you have a project presentation that you ( and / or the lead developer ) could discuss with the above team ? we could do it by phone - or better yet - the next time you are in houston . as many of the technical risk issues are also tied to commercial aspects of the deal we should also cover these areas as well ( e . g . , commercial objectives and obligations driving the technical design and implementation strategy ) . i don ' t mean to be sticking my nose into your deal , other than to ensure that everyone is moving in the same direction so that we can get this implemented successfully . let me know as to your availability , brian 
2	Subject: meeting to discuss presentation materials hello vince and kenneth , my teammates and i would like to schedule a time with you to discuss our presentation materials . we would prefer to meet with you sometime on thursday so that we can have the weekend to include any changes that you may suggest , but we will accommodate your schedules . thank you for all of your help ,                                        charles womack jr . mba candidate 2002 rice university jesse h . jones graduate school of management cwomack @ rice . edu cell : 281 - 413 - 8147 
2	Subject: re : logistics powerpoint presentation hi all , this is just a friendly reminder that i need the information for the gas logistics powerpoint presentation by tomorrow , friday , october 12 th . thanks for your time and assistance . please call me with any questions . thanks , elizabeth x 51694 presentation is located at o : / logistics / management / presentations / gas logistics powerpointl . ppt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webb , elizabeth sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 2 : 56 pm to : lamadrid , victor ; kinsey , lisa ; sullivan , patti ; jaquet , tammy ; greif , donna ; smith , george f . ; olinger , kimberly s . ; farmer , daren j . ; calcagno , suzanne ; williams , jason ( trading ) cc : superty , robert ; newton , lisbet ; garcia , clarissa ; schrab , mark l . subject : logistics powerpoint presentation hi all , per the discussion at today ' s staff meeting , i would like you all to review the attached presentation and put in general information for your particular desk / cost center in the respective slides . i have one slide for each desk / cost center called " desk / cost center x information " and another called " asset management deals " if this is applicable to you . please return the attached presentation with your additions and / or changes to me by friday , october 12 th . please call me if you have any questions or concerns . also , please feel free to utilize me as a resource for any powerpoint presentations , data gathering that you may need done . thanks , elizabeth presentation is located on o : / logistics / management / gas logistics powerpointl > elizabeth webb elizabeth . webb @ enron . com 713 - 345 - 1694 
2	Subject: claim your free $ 1000 home depot gift card . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards udexhoyp 
2	Subject: bu ' y c , ialis soft " tabs online for less new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 17 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: your anticipated assistant is required . i am mr . ike ejoh . bank manager of diamond bank of nigeria , lagos branch . i have urgent and very confidential business proposal for you . on june 6 1999 a foreign oil consultant / contractor with the federal ministry of aviationmr . barry kelly made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - five million dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his employers , the federal ministry of aviation that mr . barry kelly died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . barry kelly did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one willever come forward to claim it . according to nigerian law , at the expiration of 6 ( six ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the nigerian government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , i have just sucided in getting this fund sent to holland through a security company called global & basic financial company . , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that i will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits , which will put you in place as the owner of this fund in the security company . i shall employ the service of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the changes and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate & administration in your favour . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the bran ch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please replyimmediately via the private email address . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction . please observe utmost confidentiality , and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . awaiting your urgent reply via my email : thanks and regards . mr . ike ejoh 
2	Subject: re : invitation to speak at infocast ' s managing summer price volat ilit y conference in houston thank you very much , mr . kaminsky ! britta bothe - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , october 17 , 2000 1 : 58 pm to : brittab @ infocastinc . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : invitation to speak at infocast ' s managing summer price volatilit y conference in houston dear ms . bothe , i have forwarded my message to one of my associates who specializes in weather derivatives . vince kaminski britta bothe on 10 / 17 / 2000 12 : 38 : 33 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : invitation to speak at infocast ' s managing summer price volatilit y conference in houston dear ms . kaminsky : as i just mentioned on your voicemail , infocast is going to host a managing summer price volatility course , january 30 - february 1 , 2001 in houston . the course will focus on the various tools at hand to manage summer price and load volatility . our target audience for this event will primarily be risk managers and managers in bulk power sales & purchase ( our secondary target audience is energy traders ) . attached you will find a draft program agenda for your review . please let me know if you or someone else at enron is interested in presenting at this event . in particular , we are looking for someone to talk about weather derivatives . i appreciate you taking the time to review the conference schedule and i hope that i will have an opportunity to talk to you . unfortunately , i am running behind schedule in finalizing this program . i will call tomorrow to see what your feedback is . if you have any questions or suggestions , please do not hesitate to contact me at ( 818 ) 888 - 4445 ext . 30 . sincerely , britta bothe infocast conference manager ( 818 ) 888 - 4445 ext . 30 > ( see attached file : agenda 5 . doc ) 
2	Subject: viagra for free always wanted to try the drug the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try it for free ! ! ! get free viagra here : www . 247 - 4 less . com / free / ? bonsay 
2	Subject: fw : dynegy master netting / sithe carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 8537 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : murphy , harlan sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 9 : 44 am to : st . clair , carol cc : tweed , sheila subject : re : dynegy master netting / sithe the mna covers form commodity and trading agreements entered into between specified dynegy and enron entities . i spoke with sheila tweed ( who did the sithe deal ) about this and we got comfortable that no aspects of the sithe deal were done under the form trading agreements or between the specified entities . in addition , the enron corp . guaranty that will be used in connection with the mna will not supersede the enron corp . guaranty issued in connection with the sithe transaction . harlan e . murphy enron wholesale services - legal 1400 smith street , eb 3811 houston , texas 77002 tel : 713 . 345 . 2679 fax : 713 . 646 . 3490 e - mail : harlan . murphy @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : st . clair , carol sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 8 : 43 am to : murphy , harlan cc : rohauer , tanya subject : dynegy harlan : can you send me an e - mail explaining how the sithe contract ( which i know nothing about ) is not part of the dynegy mna ? thanks . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 8537 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: sitara / cpr availability to all sitara users : the sitara system will be brought down on a nightly basis between 12 : 01 am - 4 : 00 am central time for nightly processing . the system will be available in the morning after that time , with positions primed by 5 : 30 am . cpr will be available during these times . please call the sitara hotline ( ( 713 ) 853 - 7049 ) if you have any questions or concerns . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011419 . txt 
2	Subject: christmas list hello vince and mike i want to keep you informed . this year all baskets will be done in a timely manner . on last year we were going through a major move therefore many people played key roles in keeping us together . this year however , is a little different , as it is always nice to give unfortunately we can not give to everyone . i am sending a lists of who we have so far . there are a few names on the list that i feel we should do something else for this year . under shirley ' s list of names . ( not so expensive ) they are : move team who ? mail room who ? facilities help desk who ? there are other tokens of appreciation that we can get for them . please note that you two are the only ones that have seen this e - mail so far i will need your approval for all baskets , however your input on the matter will be greatly appreciated . the list is not completed i am still waiting for additions . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: head & rotor ve 07 / 26 dear sir , * öðâ · í ¨ åäüþ ³ § óð ¶ àäêéú ² úve ± ãí · µäý ­ ñé , ÷÷î? ½ ïôç ½ øèëóí ± ãóí÷ìðð öêáþßííâÞûí ¬ Þúíâí ¬ Àà ² úæ · ïàµ ± . * èç ¶ ôî?ãçµä ² úæ · Ýððëè ¤ , çëí ¨ ö?î?ãç . we have been in the field of diesel fuel injection systems for quite a few years . ( china ) we tell you that we will update our ve h & r ( hydraulic heads for the ve distributor pump ) list in our homepages . thirty more models will be added . and the minimum order will be 6 pcs a model . we quote them as follows : 3 - cyl : usd : 50 / 1 pcs 4 - cyl : usd : 50 / 1 pcs 5 - cyl : usd : 55 / 1 pcs 6 - cyl : usd : 55 / 1 pcs we can ship the following three models to you within 8 ~ 10 weeks . after we receive your payment . if you feel interested in our products , please advise the details about what you need , such model name , part number , quantity and so on . we are always within your touch . looking forward to our favorable cooperation . hope to hear from you soon . ( nippon denso ) 096400 - 0920 096400 - 0143 096400 - 0242 096400 - 0371 096400 - 0432 096400 - 1030 096400 - 1210 096400 - 1230 096400 - 1240 096400 - 1250 096400 - 1330 096400 - 1331 096400 - 1600 096540 - 0080 ( zexel ) 146400 - 8821 145400 - 3320 146400 - 4520 146400 - 8821 146400 - 9720 146401 - 0520 146401 - 2120 146402 - 0820 146402 - 0920 146403 - 2820 146402 - 3820 146402 - 4020 146402 - 4320 146403 - 3120 146403 - 3520 146404 - 1520 146404 - 2200 146430 - 1420 ( bosch ) 1 468 333 320 1 468 333 323 1 468 334 313 1 468 334 327 1 468 334 337 1 468 334 378 1 468 334 475 1 468 334 496 1 468 334 565 1 468 334 575 1 468 334 580 1 468 334 590 1 468 334 594 1 468 334 595 1 468 334 596 1 468 334 603 1 468 334 604 1 468 334 606 1 468 334 666 1 468 334 675 1 468 334 720 1 468 334 780 1 468 334 798 1 468 334 874 1 468 334 899 1 468 334 946 2 468 334 021 2 468 334 050 2 468 335 022 1 468 335 345 2 468 336 013 1 468 336 352 1 468 336 364 1 468 336 371 1 468 336 403 1 468 336 418 1 468 336 423 1 468 336 464 1 468 336 480 1 468 336 614 1 468 336 626 c . hua sales & purchasing director http : / / www . china - luton . com china _ lutong @ 163 . com 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? bonjour ?  daneil mota abidjan cocodyles deux plateaux ( r . c . i ) rue des jardins , villa 85 avenue les vallons bonjour je vous prie d ' embl?e de bien vouloir m ' excuser pour le desagrement que mon courrier pourrait causer . en effet j ' ai pu avoir votre email par mes proches recherches sur le net , m?me si nous ne nous sommes jamais rencontr?s je peux me rassurer que nous pouvions agir sur la base de confiance , aujourd ' hui mon seul souhait est de transferer mon heritage qui m ' a ?t? legu? par mon defunt p?re grand producteur de caf? cacao , je suis ? la recherche d ' une personne de bonne moralit? pour pouvoir transf?rer mon argent en europe car je ne compte plus vivre en afrique plus pr?cisement en c?te d ' ivoire car depuis deux ans mon pays est dechir? par une sale guerre , la malle se trouve presentement dans une maison de securit? ? abidjan et qui pourrait ?tre transfer?e par voie diplomatique en europe , la malle contient la somme de 12 millions de dollars americains si j ' ai votre ok et apr?s avoir contact? un notaire ou un avocat d ' affaire la malle serait transf?r?e et je viendrai avec votre appui investir . suite ? votre assistance je vous consentirai un pourcentage de 20 % sur la somme totale . dans l ' espoir que vous porterez une attention particuli?re ? mon courrier je vous exprime toute ma gratitude . recevez mes meilleures salutations nb : mon p?re avait d?clar? ? la maison de securit? que la malle ne contenait que des objets d ' arts . j ' ai en ma possession ( le certificat de depot , le contrat depot , et le re?u depot ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * adsl illimite tiscali + telephone gratuit * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * surfez 40 fois plus vite pour 30 eur / mois seulement ! et t?l?phonez partout en france gratuitement , vers les postes fixes ( hors num?ros sp?ciaux ) . tarifs tr?s avantageux vers les mobiles et l ' international ! pour profiter de cette offre exceptionnelle , cliquez ici : http : / / register . tiscali . fr / adsl ( voir conditions sur le site ) 
2	Subject: looking for a serious relationship ! here you can experiance everything ~ do you really want to do it tonight : ) updates your details marisol pineda cease http : / / your . pokerunner . com / nothanks . php debacle bluegrassdemonic caliber solenoidmath whittaker you ' vebackup impersonal coupleinfectious connecticut diurnal anarchicgibby sundial toxinfosterite egypt davidsonlitterbug scion payaspidistra  
2	Subject: re : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001 vince : are you just speaking at the one in houston ? vince j kaminski 05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001 fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " joanna vidal " on 05 / 01 / 2001 03 : 43 : 11 pm to : , " geman helyette " , , , , , , cc : subject : london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001 hello speakers ! my name is joanna vidal and i am the coordinator for the financial mathematics training course being in held on the following dates : london on june 28 & 29 new york on july 9 & 10 houston on july 16 & 17 i am in the process of preparing the speaker packs which will include an updated contact information sheet with all your details . you will receive this pack shortly after you confirm your addresses . i will list them below and i ask that you please look it over and make any necessary corrections . my contact details , for your information are : joanna vidal events coordinator risk waters group t : ( 212 ) 925 1864 ext . 197 f : ( 212 ) 925 7585 jvidal @ riskwaters . com www . riskwaters . com thank you and i look forward to working with you . duane seppi carnegie mellon university graduate school of industrial administrations pittsburgh , pa 15213 - 3890 t : 001 412 - 268 - 2298 f : 001 412 - 269 - 8896 helyette geman universite de paris dauphine finance department au de ka grand ecole corgy pontois , paris france 95021 t : 00 33 60 - 807 - 4200 vincent kaminski enron credit 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 t : 001 713 - 853 - 3848 f : 001 713 - 646 - 2503 peter nance teknecon , inc . 1515 s . capital of texas highway suite 101 austin , tx 78746 t : 001 512 - 732 - 7084 f : 001 512 - 732 - 7099 chris harris innogy holdings place windmill hill business park whitehill way swindon , wiltshire uk , 5 n 5 6 pb t : 44 793 387 - 7777 f : 44 793 389 - 7811 spyros maragos dynergy , inc . 1000 louisiana street suite 5800 houston , tx 77002 t : 011 713 - 507 - 6589 f : 001 713 - 767 - 5958 ehud ronn university of texas at austin department of finance mccombs school of business austin , tx 78712 - 1179 t : 001 512 - 471 - 5853 f : 001 512 - 471 - 5073 
2	Subject: approval is overdue : access request for grace . kim @ enron . com this request has been pending approval for 2 days and you are the alternate . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000006238 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 10 / 31 / 00 5 : 03 : 29 pm requested for : grace . kim @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: legal identification international driver ' s license need a new driver ' s license ? too many points or other trouble ? want a license that can never be suspended or revoked ? want an id for nightclubs or hotel check - in ? avoid tickets , fines , and mandatory driver ' s education . protect your privacy , and hide your identity . the united nations gave you the privilege to drive freely throughout the world ! ( convention on international road traffic of september 19 , 1949 & world court decision , the hague , netherlands , january 21 , 1958 ) take advantage of your rights . order a valid international driver ' s license that can never be suspended or revoked . confidentiality assured . call now ! ! ! 1 - 770 - 908 - 3949 we await your call seven days a week , 24 hours a day , including sundays and holidays . 
2	Subject: fw : epmi / aep / allegheny ring transaction confirms below please find proposed confirms for the proposed ring transactions among epmi , aep and allegheny . these confirms are for discussion purposes only and do not represent a commitment on the part of enron or epmi until fully agreed and executed by all commercial and credit authorities of each counter - party . these confirms are being distributed internally within enron at this time and remain subject to review by enron commercial and counsel . please provide comments on this transaction as soon as possible and preferably no later than noon on friday , november 2 , 2001 . epmi contacts : bill bradford 713 - 853 - 3831 ( o ) , 713 - 857 - 7739 ( cell ) chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 ( o ) , 713 - 306 - 1184 ( cell ) 
2	Subject: re : cleburne pc # - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david baumbach / hou / ect on 09 / 26 / 2000 02 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carla nguyen 09 / 26 / 2000 01 : 40 pm to : melissa k ratnala / hou / ect @ ect , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron , jim little / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , eric francis calub / hou / ect @ ect , troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : cleburne pc # ena - im cleburne 12782 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carla nguyen / hou / ect on 09 / 26 / 2000 01 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sap master data @ enron on 09 / 26 / 2000 11 : 14 : 16 am sent by : nina fortune @ enron to : carla nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : profit center request form carla , profit center 12782 has been created . thank you , nina rt # 227229 from : scott becken 09 / 25 / 2000 07 : 30 pm to : sap master data @ enron cc : subject : profit center request form please process this request for carla . the remedy ticket number is 226611 . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott becken / corp / enron on 09 / 25 / 2000 07 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carla nguyen @ ect 09 / 25 / 2000 06 : 29 pm to : sap coe / corp / enron @ enron cc : melissa k ratnala / hou / ect @ ect , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect subject : profit center request form please set up this new profic center . if you have questions , please give me a call . thks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carla nguyen / hou / ect on 09 / 25 / 2000 06 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert hunter @ enron 09 / 25 / 2000 12 : 35 pm to : carla nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : profit center request form 
2	Subject: prof . carmona yannis , i have looked at the outline of the proposed course and find that practically all the topics of the program are the staple of what we do every day . i don ' t think research should spend money for this class . if we want to establish a relationship , we can easily do it by asking him to work on a research project . vince 
2	Subject: online drugs are offered online at savings ! nm we repect your right for elimination , to do so is here .  
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding loqo , presentable stationery items and professional website . these marketing toois wiii significantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deal packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: urgent assistance from the manager credit and foriegn bills regent bank nig plc victoris island lagos - nigeria . attention : sir / madam , my name is mr . john obi the manager , credit and foreign bills of regent bank plc . i am writing in respect of a foreign customer of our bank with account number 14 - 255 - 114 whose name is burke sean , an american by citizen who perished in a plane crash [ korean air flight 801 ] with the whole passengers aboard on august 6 , 1997 . and for your perusal you can view thisweb site since the demise of this our customer , i personally has watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds of us $ 15 . 5 m ( fiftheen million five hundred thoudsand united states dollars ) which has been with our branch for a very long time . on this note , i decided to seek for whom his name shall be used as the next of kin as no one has come up to be the next of kin . and the banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than four years , because the money will be recalled to the bank treasury as unclaimed fund after this period . in view of this i got your contact through a trade journal when i wasmaking a research on a foreigner i will use in this great upportunity . for your assistant i will give you 30 % of the total amount . upon the receipt of your response , i will send you by fax or e - mail the letter of application which you will type sign andsend back to ourbank to enable us start this transaction . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is hitch free and that you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for the smooth andeasy transfer of this fund has been finalized , this transaction will be complited within five banking days of recieving your response , after you apply to the bank as a relation to the deceased . when you receive this letter . kindly send me an e - mail signifying your decision including your private tel / fax numbers for quick communication . yours sincerely , mr . john obi managercredit and foriegn bills regent bank nig plc - - clicavenue mail : cr?ez votre propre email gratuitement ! avec protection ( virus et spams ) , mot de passe et acc?s depuis n ' importe quel ordinateur ! enfin un email original . . . http : / / www . clicavenue . com / email 
2	Subject: re : qian ( frank ) feng interview with the research group shirley : we ' ve also been in touch with frank . he wasn ' t going to receive his class schedule until yesterday , so we will follow up today and find a mutually convenient date . molly shirley crenshaw 01 / 16 / 2001 09 : 51 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron subject : re : qian ( frank ) feng interview with the research group hi molly : i guess it is time to try and schedule frank ' s interview . we would like to bring him in sometime around the first of february ( when krishna returns ) . please contact him and see what a good time for him would be . attached is his resume and interview request form . - enron _ resume . doc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001 09 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : molly magee 12 / 20 / 2000 05 : 35 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : qian ( frank ) feng interview with the research group you , too , shirley . we ' ll be back in touch . molly shirley crenshaw 12 / 20 / 2000 02 : 07 pm to : cheryl arguijo / enron _ development @ enron _ development , molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : qian ( frank ) feng interview with the research group hello molly and cheryl : attached is frank ' s resume . we still have quite a bit of time as we want to schedule this for after krishna returns on the 25 th of january . this position would be for the research group directly , and would include all of vince ' s direct reports . thanks and merry christmas and happy new year ! ! 
2	Subject: is your family protected ? life can change in an instant . that ' s why it is so important to protect your family ' s financial future with sufficient life insurance coverage . state of residence : select state alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware dist . of columbia florida georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming date of birth ( mm / dd / yy ) : mm 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 / dd 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 / yy 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 sex : male female have you used any tobacco products in the last 12 months ? no yes coverage amount : select amount 100 , 000 125 , 000 150 , 000 175 , 000 200 , 000 225 , 000 250 , 000 275 , 000 300 , 000 325 , 000 350 , 000 375 , 000 400 , 000 425 , 000 450 , 000 475 , 000 500 , 000 550 , 000 600 , 000 650 , 000 700 , 000 750 , 000 800 , 000 850 , 000 900 , 000 950 , 000 1 , 000 , 000 1 , 250 , 000 1 , 500 , 000 1 , 750 , 000 2 , 000 , 000 2 , 250 , 000 2 , 500 , 000 3 , 000 , 000 3 , 500 , 000 4 , 000 , 000 4 , 500 , 000 5 , 000 , 000 6 , 000 , 000 7 , 000 , 000 8 , 000 , 000 9 , 000 , 000 10 , 000 , 000 11 , 000 , 000 12 , 000 , 000 13 , 000 , 000 14 , 000 , 000 15 , 000 , 000 how long do you need the coverage ? select year 5 years 10 years 15 years 20 years 25 years 30 years reliaquote makes it easy and affordable . we can instantly provide you with free quotes from highly rated insurance companies . save up to on life insurance compare quotes today . there is nothing more important than protecting their future . copyright 2001 reliaquote , inc . all rights reserved . you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: gpg news flash - we are there ! once again , i am sending you the pdf file for the latest and greatest news about the sap implementation . double click on the attached and launch in acrobat reader . if the error message that no application is found , click your start button , click on programs and then utilities which should bring up acrobat reader at the top . click on that and load the application . if you have problems or , if you really would like a different version , let me know . just respond to this note or call me at 713 - 853 - 3986 . if you prefer a printed copy or a non - graphic version , let me know that too . 
2	Subject: part - time work vince : i enjoyed the lunch and part of your presentation last week ( i had an other engagement to attend to , and hence could not make it to the rest of the presentation and reception following it ) . i appreciate the part - time offer , however , i must admit that i did not find the terms very favorable . unlike a person who is permamently located in houston , i would have the inconvenience and cost of commuting between austin and houston , and of accomodation both in austin and houston . i really would love to work in the research group and am sincere about this . i would just hope that you would consider compensating me at manager level so that i can cover transportation , accomodation expenses and more importantly , justify the decision to devote at least half of my time to enron away from my thesis . i will be looking forward to hearing from you soon . best , cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate the university of texas at austin graduate school of business department of finance office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356 cell : ( 512 ) 680 - 5355 http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin 
2	Subject: june 1 st - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 05 / 24 / 2000 12 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 05 / 24 / 2000 10 : 08 : 07 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : june 1 st ( see attached file : hpl - june . xls ) - hpl - june . xls 
2	Subject: wait list notification - derivatives i - applied energy derivatives , beginning on july 27 - 28 , 2000 you are now on the wait list for derivatives i - applied energy derivatives , beginning on july 27 - 28 , 2000 if space becomes available , you will be notified by e - mail . if you have any questions , please call the development center team at 713 - 853 - 0357 . thank you . 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for cheryl . ingstad @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000008853 request create date : 12 / 1 / 00 10 : 08 : 24 am requested for : cheryl . ingstad @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: look younger stop waisting your time with a long lines and end up nothing . be the first to enjoy our grand opening promo with all the biggest discount . so hurry , we have all the medications you needed and in 24 hrs you ' ll get it right away . more info are available to our site . remove 7 ! http : / / www . mor . net / u . php  
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - andrews , naveen c rudi c zipter oct 31 , 2000 baxter , ashley david davies nov 02 , 2000 campos , hector o peyton s gibner nov 06 , 2000 carson , richard l richard b buy oct 30 , 2000 crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000 kindall , kevin vasant shanbhogue oct 30 , 2000 lamas vieira pinto , rodrigo david port oct 31 , 2000 raymond , maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov 02 , 2000 supatgiat , chonawee peyton s gibner oct 27 , 2000 tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000 villarreal , norma e sheila h walton oct 26 , 2000 walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000 yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000 yuan , ding richard l carson oct 31 , 2000 
2	Subject: year - to - date deals attached are the year - to - date deals through 11 / 8 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: come on ! it ' s fun and easy ! ! * * * please read this email to the end * * * try it . just for fun . it will cost you 25 $ to earn at least thousands of dollars ! ! ! this thing is legal because you are buying and selling something of value : marketing reports . there is my true story . i received by email the instructions include in this letter . it interests me because the system was quite simple . in the list of people selling the reports ( as you will see above ) , there was a guy living not so far . i searched for his phone number and i called him . i just wanted to know if this system was really working . he told me his business was going very well and he was receiving from 50 $ to 150 $ in cash everyday ! that ' s why i went into this thing ! thank ' s to the computer age and the internet ! be an internet millionaire like others within a year ! ! ! before you say ' ' bull ' ' , please read the following . this is the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program described below , to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal . their findings proved once and for all that there are ' ' absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program and if people can " follow the simple instruction " they are bound to make some mega bucks with only $ 25 out of pocket cost ' ' .   print this now for your future reference   if you would like to make at least $ 500 , 000 every 4 to 5 months easily and comfortably , please read the following . . . then read it again and again ! ! ! follow the simple instruction below and your financial dreams will come true , guaranteed ! instructions :      order all 5 reports shown on the list below      for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems .    when you place your order , make sure       you order each of the 5 reports !    you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them . your total cost $ 5 x 5  $ 25 . 00 . within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case something happens to your computer . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report , or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in step ' ' 1 through 6 ' ' or you will loose out on the majority of your profits . once you understand the way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you change it . remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter it , it will not work ! ! ! people have tried to put their friends / relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the money . but it does not work this way . believe us , some have tried to be greedy and then nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! ! this is a legitimate business . you are offering a product for sale and getting paid for it . treat it as such and you will be very profitable in a short period of time . 1 . . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their fortune . 2 . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 . 3 . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 . 4 . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 . 5 . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2 6 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! this is critical to your success . take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do not make any other changes . save this on a disk as well just in case if you loose any data . to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods to get this venture going : method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receive only a 0 . 2 % ( 2 / 10 of 1 % ) response ( the response could be much better but lets just say it is only 0 . 2 % ) . also many peoplewill send out hundreds of thousands e - mails instead of only 5 , 000 each ) . continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that ' s  100 people responded and ordered report # 2 . those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 . those 1000 people send 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 5 million e - mail sent out . the 0 . 2 % response is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 . those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 . that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each  $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half a million dollars ) . your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . . $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . . grand total  $ 555 , 550 . 00 numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out the worst possible responses and no matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money ! remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of 5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? there are over 150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting , with thousands more coming on line every day . believe me , many people will do just that , and more ! method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it . always provide same day service on all orders . this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out , with your name and address on it , will be prompt because they can not advertise until they receive the report .            available reports               the reason for the " cash " is not because this is illegal or somehow " wrong " . it is simply about time . time for checks or credit cards to be cleared or approved , etc . concealing it is simply so no one can see there is money in the envelope and steal it before it gets to you . order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper , write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail address and your name and postal address . place your order for these reports now :                                          report # 1 : ' the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net order report # 1 from : y . l . wong p . o . box no . 71819 kowloon central post office hong kong report # 2 : the insider ' s guide to sending bulk email on the net order report # 2 from : martin veronneau c . p . 70058 laval , quebec h 7 r 5 z 2 canada report # 3 : secret to multilevel marketing on the net order report # 3 from : francis kidd p . o . box 209 homestead , pa 15120 usa report # 4 : how to become a millionaire using mlm & the net order report # 4 from : m . l . frayser p . o . box 61432 fort myers , fl 33906 usa report # 5 : how to send out one million emails for free order report # 5 from : stone evans 600 n . pearl , suite gl 03 dallas , tx 75201 usa $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :    if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending e - mails until you do .    after you have received 10 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . * * once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of e - mails and start the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you can generate from this business ! ! ! following is a note from the originator of this program : you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life , with no risk and just a little bit of effort . you can make more money in the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . # 5 as instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on every one of them . remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to you now !              testimonials                ' ' my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i grumbled to jody about receiving ' junk mail ' . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' ' knew ' ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' ' i told you so ' ' on her when the thing didn ' t work . well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the next 45 days she had received total $ 147 , 200 . 00 . . . . . . . . . all cash ! i was shocked . i have joined jodyin her ' ' hobby ' ' . mitchell wolf m . d . , chicago , illinois ' ' not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative as i am , i decided that the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back . i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed with orders . i made $ 319 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks . the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big ' ' . dan sondstrom , alberta , canada ' ' i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came again . . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made more than $ 490 , 000 on my first try and all the money came within 22 weeks ' ' . susan de suza , new york , n . y . ' ' it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money with little cost to you . i followed the simple instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started to come in . my first month i made $ 20 , in the 2 nd month i made $ 560 . 00 and by the end of third month my total cash count was $ 362 , 840 . 00 . life is beautiful , thanx to internet ' ' . fred dellaca , westport , new zealand order your reports today and get started on your road to financial freedom ! if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office of associate director for marketing practices , federal trade commission , bureau of consumer protection , washington , d . c . this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . * this message is not intended for residents in the state of washington , virginia or california , screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability . * this is a one - time mailing and this list will never be used again . * to be removed from this list , please send an email with the word remove in the subject line to freebie 4 u @ sinatown . com - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re : bryan seyfried visiting houston i have scheduled the meeting for friday , february 11 at 9 : 00 am . have a great day ! shirley vince j kaminski 01 / 31 / 2000 08 : 52 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , danya moody / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : bryan seyfried visiting houston shirley , can you please set up the meeting . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000 08 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - danya moody 01 / 31 / 2000 08 : 32 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : bryan seyfried visiting houston hi vince bryan seyfried will be in houston on the 9 , 10 & 11 th february and was hoping to arrange an hour with you on one of these days . he is available any time except the morning of 10 th february . could you please let me know if this is possible and if so what time suits you . thanks danya 
2	Subject: hea annual meeting notice - vote required michelle lokay , please carefully review the attached document as it is your only notice of the annual meeting information for monday , october 16 , 2000 . the attachment explains issues to be considered for a vote on that date , primarily the proposed merger between hea and nesa , and the election of new officers and directors should that issue not pass . if you cannot make the tournament , please print off the proxy and fax to the hea office immediately ( 713 / 659 - 6424 ) . and if you have any difficulties opening the attachment , use the link below . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and we look forward to seeing you at the woodlands country club a week from monday ! this message was sent by : steve becker , president houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 267 - 4775 fax for hea : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / voting notice 2000 . doc ? o  1 . - ?  : ? '  1 
2	Subject: tw weekly estimate 10 - - 6 - 00 please see attached file . if you have any questions , please call me at ( 713 ) 345 - 3858 or ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 . 
2	Subject: meeting and business reports the following documents have been posted in s \ mg \ background info \ mgmetals & recycling - germany . doc mg back office org charts . doc and it ops report - ny & chicago . doc , in s \ mg \ administration \ meeting reports \ 
2	Subject: { 636 } caution , illegal traces found . { 979 } tracedestroyer - bye bye history ! is your privacy secure ? protect your privacy now clck here if you would not like to receive future mailings .  
2	Subject: re [ 9 ] : talk thread about his pills th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar spu m r - inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa  
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off paliourg buy med ' s on - line ! up to 8 o % off ciaiis , viagra , xanax , vioxx , va - | ium and many more ! fast delivery ! with wholesale prices ! - no con ^ sultation - no prior prescription needed - hu ' ge savings ! see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! http : / / www . bacbwefds . info / 58 / this is 1 - time mailing . no - re moval are re ' qui - red 3 jx 4 q 99 wq 6 smpiltkapivzvoifh 9 looyll 9 rgez 6  
2	Subject: re : bfl - jim woods info al , thanks . confirmed for wednesday , next week , 7 : 00 a . m . vince al arfsten on 08 / 09 / 2000 01 : 41 : 59 pm please respond to arfsten @ bflassociates . com to : vince j kaminski cc : subject : re : bfl - jim woods info vince : jim is confirmed to meet you at 7 : 00 a . m . next wednesday . he will go to the hostess stand at the atrium restaurant and await you . he is about 5 ' 6 " brownish hair , glasses , youthful appearance and will be in a sport jacket for casual attire . i look forward to tallking with you again soon . al arfsten vince j kaminski wrote : > al , > > wednesday next week is fine with me . i would prefer to meet earlier > rather than later . what about 6 : 45 or 7 : 00 ? > > vince > > al arfsten on 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 38 : 46 am > > please respond to arfsten @ bflassociates . com > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : bfl - jim woods info > > vince : pursuant to bjorn ' s suggestion and my voice mail message , > attached you will find the background information on jim woods . jim is > not a pure quant and enjoys much more the areas of strategic thinking > and related processes . from what i can tell , he enjoys the process of > creating an arguement for a client ' s position in some disputed matter . > he is looking forward to having an opportunity of meeting you . his > availability next week is only on wednesday . an early breakfast at the > hyatt would work great for him . please let me know if that might work . > if not , when ? al arfsten > > ( see attached file : wood jim . doc ) > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > name : wood jim . doc > wood jim . doc type : winword file ( application / msword ) > encoding : base 64 > description : mac word 3 . 0 
2	Subject: re : mexico i have been attempting to reach jaime alatorre to obtain his accomplishments and have update his profile with no luck ( both voicemail and emails have been sent . ) did he send it directly to you ? the rest of mexico is in the binder integrated into the mix . hope that helps . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 5 , 2001 9 : 17 am to : melodick , kim cc : schoppe , tammie subject : mexico the files are great - thankyou very much . could you put together a separate file specifically on all the mexico people for monday ( incorporating the emails we have received from steve , jaime and jaime ) thanks 
2	Subject: greatest online drugs here peregrine sable alpha attendant allowance need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here radiophysics perfecter aldehyde derange dade converge  
2	Subject: use canadian pharmacies and save ! pbcentera href  http : / / s 32 . impalasymbol . 092 . dmsyvuu . comfont size  5 save over 50 % on prescription drugs / font / a / center / b / p pnbsp ; / p pbfont size  4 with our on - line pharmacy you can / font / b / p pbfont size  41 . nbsp ; order name brand prescription drugs right from home ( not the cheap european versions on sites offer ) / font / b / p pbfont size  42 . nbsp ; get it shipped same day to your door step / font / b / p pbfont size  43 . nbsp ; never have to worry about getting a doctor to write the prescription again / font / b / p pbfont size  44 . nbsp ; save hundreds of dollars over your local pharmacy / font / b / p pbfont size  4 if all this sounds good to you then you need to a href  http : / / s 32 . anguspacker . 092 . dmsyvuu . comclick here / a for more about what we offer . nbsp ; we carry everything from soma , valium , xanax , and viagra . nbsp ; so go to our site to see how much we can save you today . / font / b / pbrbrbrbrbrbrbr symbol alfredutopia warriors sarahl julia rivermission larry jamesl alfred montreal doug pookiel biology monopoly bigman mariagibson khan xxxx button hellol julia olivier fionasoftball advil gordon cannonda grayzeppelin space river redrum mishka homebrew  
2	Subject: super digital video usb 2 . 0 tv capture box @ $ 74 . 00 $ 74 . 00 super digital video usb 2 . 0 tv capture box watch and record tv on your pc with this dazzle series super digital video usb 2 . 0 tv box ! with its usb interface and av and s video terminals , connection to peripherals is simple . never miss your favorite show , even while on the pc ! get yours today ! general features : - usb 2 . 0 interface - full channel ( supplement contained ) tv programs available - auto full channel scanning - up to 136 channels receivable - compress tv programs into mpeg - 1 , mpeg - 2 , mpeg - 4 - osd : channel adn volume displayed on screen - 100 favorite channles customizable - high quality capture motion and still image - comliant with direct x 8 . 1 , 9 . 0 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: seeking your partnership dear partner to be , first , i must apologise to you for using this medium to communicate to you about this project . i am a highly placed official of government of nigeria and also a founding member of the ruling party in power now , the peoples democratic party ( pdp ) . my committee - the niger delta development corporation ( nddc ) - which is in charge of managing and supervising the disbursement of oil sales revenues for the nigerian government . the revenues under our control runs into several hundred of millions of dollars monthly . my self and other colleagues in the nddc are currently in need of a foreign partner with whose bank account we shall transfer the sum of forty nine million five hundred thosand united states dollars ( $ 49 . 5 m ) . this fund accrued to us as commission for oil sales contracts handled under our supervision . the fund is presently waiting in the government account named cbn / fgn independent revenue account number 400 - 939134 with j . p . morgan chase bank , new york . you can do your independent verifictaion of this . however , by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of the nddc , we cannot acquire this funds in our name . this is because as top civil servants , we are not allowed by law of the land to own or operate bank accounts outside our country for now . i have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues , to look for an overseas partner in whose account we would transfer the fund hence the reason for this mail . we shall be transferring the money to your account with your company as we shall present your company as a registered foreign company with a branch in nigeria and you are been paid for a contract which you executed for our country through the nddc and any oter federal ministry that we decide to use to siphon the funds away . for your support and partnership , please reply me to negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive your bank account . you must however note that this transaction , with regards to our disposition to continue with you , is subject to these terms . firstly , our conviction of your transparency . secondly , that you treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . finally and above all , that you will provide an account that you have absolute control over . the transaction , although discrete , is legitimate and there is no risk or legal disadvantages either to ourselves or yourself now or in the future as we have put in place perfect mchineries that will ensure a hitch free transfer into your account upon acceptance . the transfer will be effected to your account within ten - fourteen ( 10 - 14 ) working days as soon as we reach an agreement and you furnish me with a suitable bank account and company name and address with all your contact numbers including fax number . i am looking forward to doing business with you and do solicit your confidentiality in this transaction , please mail your response to me . yours faithfully , anderson k . eseimoku 
2	Subject: re : big cow breakout d attached per your request is the big cowboy production for october 2000 . i also have the gas volume statements from coral energy that shows the actual daily volumes for all of the meters , receipt and delivery , if you need that level of detail . if there is anything else let me know either today or tomorrow because i will be on vacation next week . fred daren j farmer 11 / 15 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : big cow breakout fred , please look at the attached file below . can you give me the october volumes for these meters ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary poorman @ enron 11 / 15 / 2000 03 : 16 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : big cow breakout 
2	Subject: gift web site http : / / www . barrington - ltd . com / 
2	Subject: summer associate offers for full - time associate positions fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 09 / 21 / 2000 01 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - celeste roberts 09 / 20 / 2000 05 : 30 pm to : stephen r horn / hou / ect @ ect , tony mataya / hou / ees @ ees , kevin kuykendall / hou / ect @ ect , stan dowell / hou / ees @ ees , patrick hickey / enron communications @ enron communications , scott porter / hou / ees @ ees , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , heather kroll / hou / ect @ ect , mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications , ermes melinchon / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rick sierra / enron _ development @ enron _ development , steve pearlman / enron communications @ enron communications , tammy l mulrooney / hou / ect @ ect , gustavo junqueira / hou / ect @ ect , catherine simoes / hou / ees @ ees , stephen thome / hou / ect @ ect , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , antonio jenkins lara / corp / enron @ enron , doug rotenberg / enron _ development @ enron _ development , samer takriti / enron communications @ enron communications , william keeney / hou / ect @ ect , david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , larry ciscon / enron communications @ enron communications , jeanette reese / hou / ees @ ees , lance mccarthy / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , rudi zipter / hou / ect @ ect , thomas suffield / na / enron @ enron , mark meier / corp / enron @ enron , bill w brown / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : summer associate offers for full - time associate positions listed below are the summer associates who will receive offers to join us full - time . offers were made verbally on friday , september 15 and the offer letters were mailed out on tuesday , september 19 . the associate offers by school are as follows : rice andrew adams shruti gandhi - gupta kenneth jett jason sokolov darren sanders nyu lucia barrantes chicago terrell benke texas a & m mike seely ucla vladimir blinov * * irina liskovets - visa issues , working with london to resolve and see if placement there is possible michigan luis bravo sherman " alex " james ut cantekin dincerler steven luong vanderbilt charles donovan chung taek oh maxim phillippov georgetown andrea gonzalez cornell miriam kaggwa mit sloan josef lieskovsky yale braden mcelroy stanford guiseppe paleologo darden ning pan thunderbird steve west lsu datren williams houston sevil yaman 
2	Subject: bro , what about the suffering assist your wife in pain h _ y _ d _ r - 0 . c ^ o ^ d * o ^ n . e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m * g 30 p ! lls 139 . oo 60 p ! lls 219 . oo 9 o pilis 289 . oo you should hurry ! same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / calkins . stuffthatworkd . com / please / best regards , anderson hewitt clerk haberman associates / the biopharmaceutical consortium , wayland , 01778 , united states of america phone : 174 - 169 - 6356 mobile : 677 - 132 - 4126 email : myqbjyd @ axn - asia . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this package is a 56 year complementary file notes : the contents of this e - mail is for attention and should not be baroque chevrolet coffeecup fry basidiomycetes time : sun , 23 jan 2005 02 : 44 : 14 - 0600 
2	Subject: mortgage - best rate let the banks compete for your mortgage or loan ! http : / / www . hometobuild . biz guaranteed lowest rates on the planet . programs for every credit situation . no obligation , just a quick form to fill in . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to change mail preferences , go here - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
2	Subject: re : new organisation for maximising ena positions thanks . we have put together a global matrix for all functions . i will you a give a call . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 10 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; grigsby , mike ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; kitagawa , kyle ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; thomas , martin ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; milnthorp , rob ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; tricoli , carl ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; tricoli , carl ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; haedicke , mark e . ; aronowitz , alan ; tweed , sheila ; jones , robert w . - hr exec ; gorte , david ; bradford , william s . ; douglas , stephen h . ; perlman , beth ; beck , sally ; irvin , steve ; schield , elaine ; colwell , wes ; brackett , debbie r . ; buy , rick ; port , david cc : whalley , greg ; lavorato , john ; fallon , jim ; delainey , david w . ; leff , dan ; dietrich , janet subject : new organisation for maximising ena positions we now have a structure in place dealing with enron americas estate and ensuring that we best maximize all of our contractual and asset positions . this team will be headed by don miller going forward please help him and the team as this is our highest priority . some areas of this organization remain blank and will be completed by don and the head of the appropriate business unit . there are some areas which will also be dual tasking for a period . > louise 
2	Subject: dominion - 10 / 25 / 01 i just spoke with karla haislip , who heads up the origination group at vepco . she was fairly upset about the last meeting enron had with them and was adamant that our next meeting be dramatically different from the previous one . i assured her that we would have the appropriate decision makers at the meeting who could intelligently discuss the various options . i also told her that we were committed to working with them and that our coo , louise kitchen , would be calling kevin howell , president of dominion energy clearinghouse ( their trading division ) . she said she ' d communicate that to kevin . we have agreed to meet early part of the week of november 5 th . will give you feedback re . this after our meeting with richard and elizabeth on monday . once again , kevin howell ' s contact details are as follows : work : 804 . 273 . 4848 cell : 804 . 921 . 3726 - r 
2	Subject: tenaska iv agency fee can you clarify for me how the agency fee is suppose to be calculated ? i am getting mixed information . i know that we use the higher of the two volumes ( receipts vs . deliveries ) . the question is do we use the nom volume or the actual volume . last month ( march ) , we left the volume at the nom of 45 , 000 / day . in the past , we have changed the volume to the actual daily volume . for april , the actuals are higher than the nom and we would need to bump the volume up to 47 , 089 / day . james armstrong is using the actual volume . the deal for the fee is 514353 . my other problem is that the spreadsheet is choosing the max of three volumes , receipts , deliveries and transport . should the transport volume be in the calculation ? also , mark added some payback volume to the spreadsheet and it is being included in the receipt volume . do i include the payback volume in the calculation of the agency fee if we use the nom ? if you have a copy of the contract that addresses the agency fee , i would like to have a copy . you can fax it to 713 - 571 - 3141 . if none of this makes sense , give me a call and i can try and explain further . thanks , megan 713 - 571 - 3261 
2	Subject: re : mg integration support - daily update # 6 hi richard , lloyd fleming introduced me to the key personnel on the trading and risk side at mg today ; i spent most of today discussing forward curves and option volatilities with tim jones , russell plackett and jon barrett . i hope to be able to get historical data from david thompson to facilitate forward curve analysis for our var models . also discussed valuation issues ( e . g . option on calendar spread that they need a model for ) . also was able to get a good understanding of trading strategies and nuances of aluminum , copper and nickel markets . regards , anjam x 35383 richard sage 04 / 07 / 2000 02 : 37 to : stop : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect , stephen wood / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , andrea m kerch / lon / ect @ ect , janine juggins / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , tim davies / lon / ect @ ect , david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , barry sangster / lon / ect @ ect , robert campbell / lon / ect @ ect , alex holland / lon / ect @ ect , michael heap / lon / ect @ ect , phil redman / lon / ect @ ect , fiona grant / lon / ect @ ect , toby knight / lon / ect @ ect , melissa laing / lon / ect @ ect , jeanie slone / lon / ect @ ect , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , suzanne lane / lon / ect @ ect , stephen evans / lon / ect @ ect , niamh o ' regan / lon / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : mg integration support - daily update # 6 deal entry the need for 3 data - entry clerks becomes clearer when we understand that between 200 and 2000 manual deal tickets are written each day which then have to be keyed in . romulus the trading assets of rudolf wolff in london and new york were bought after close of play on friday . included with the metals trading is a proprietary fx desk , and a softs desk , trading coffee , cocoa , and sugar . the softs people are expected to arrive in enron house at the end of july . eol two metals trades have been executed on eol . 
2	Subject: can ' t go to the beach ? stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / koolrx . com / ? zodiac  
2	Subject: fw : gas daily from platts when enron is late . fyi ! tk - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mason , robert sent : thursday , february 21 , 2002 3 : 29 pm to : lohman , tk subject : gas daily from platts when enron is late . if you are experiencing problems with today ' s gas daily issue , you may log in to the publisher ' s site to view the issue here . user name : enet 3318 password : enron robert a . " bobby " mason ( 713 ) 853 - 5196 ( 281 ) 615 - 0000 cell ( 713 ) 646 - 2373 fax robert . mason @ enron . com 
2	Subject: cash in on your home equity mortgage lenders & brokers are ready to compete for your business . whether a new home loan is what you seek or to refinance your current home loan at a lower interest rate , we can help ! mortgage rates haven ' t been this low in years take action now ! refinance your home with us and include all of those pesky credit card bills or use the extra cash for that pool you ' ve always wanted . . . where others say no , we say yes ! ! ! even if you have been turned down elsewhere , we can help ! easy terms ! our mortgage referral service combines the highest quality loans with the most economical rates and the easiest qualifications ! take just 2 minutes to complete the following form . there is no obligation , all information is kept strictly confidential , and you must be at least 18 years of age . service is available within the united states only . this service is fast and free . free information request form : please visit http : / / builtit 4 unow . com / pos since you have received this message you have either responded to one of our offers in the past or your address has been registered with us . if you wish to " opt _ out " please visit : http : / / builtit 4 unow . com / pos  
2	Subject: re - regulation is here ; cautious on group ; much risk already in st ocks re - regulation is here ; cautious on group ; much risk already in stocks * as anticipated , ferc enacted electricity price controls yesterday across the united states , west of the rockies . * controls only affect spot market ( approx . 20 % of total market ) , and are set to expire on september 30 , 2002 * details of controls suggest effect on earnings may be limited , but . . . * we think the " skids have been greased " for further controls down the road , as government regulators seek regulatory solutions to future market imbalances * we are becoming more cautious on group , but maintain positive ratings at this time given extent of recent pull - back and likely strong 2 q : 01 earnings outlook * refer you to our earlier note entitled , " political risk worsens ; expect ferc decision today " where we previewed the ferc decision and provide further details of our analysis > > raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s - re - regulation is here . 6 - 18 - 01 pdf . pdf - re - regulation is here 6 - 18 - 01 . doc 
2	Subject: obtain your mêdicine right away quanta cupric best incorporate wring drank fourfold conciliate decommission biblical tycoon astronomer cortege feasible gt your prscrptin mdicton hr spcial prics on brd and genrc pharmacutcals why nt try us nw ? nt ntersted ? get ot hre ! ida delilah cam amputate drawbridge diane nominee  
2	Subject: enron in action 09 . 24 . 01 enron in action can be accessed through the new community relations web site at http : / / cr . enron . com / eia . html . in this week ' s issue you will find out information regarding : enron happenings associate / analyst disaster relief book drive juvenile diabetes research foundation " walk to cure diabetes " best buddies happy hour plant sale houston partnership walk 2001 4 th annual energize houston charitable golf tournament enron volunteer opportunities sunshine kids at astroworld ! race for the cure enron wellness september " fall fiesta " at the body shop fitness center - special guest speaker - dr . joel bloom cancare cancer support network fall 2001 fashion show and luncheon bella rinova spa at the downtown club ( met ) enron worklife corporate hands child care nomination involved employees par " fore " pets golf tournament in addition , enron in action is available through a channel on my . home . enron . com . to add this channel to your set - up click on the channels link at the top of the screen and under announcements check the enron in action box . if you wish to add an announcement to enron in action , please fill out the attached form below and submit it to mailto : eia @ enron . com no later than 12 pm thursday each week . 
2	Subject: ralph is the paper ready yet ? the secret on how porn stars grew big dicks ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . xz international exports ltd st . elmer # 2073 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: derivatives i training course - june 4 th and 5 th we will be offering derivatives i training on - site . if you are interested in attending , please let amy fitzpatrick know no later than may 21 st . derivatives i - applied energy derivatives presented by paradigm strategy group date : monday , june 4 th and tuesday , june 5 th time : 8 : 00 am to 5 : 00 pm this course is appropriate for all employees wishing to obtain a practical understanding of the basic natural gas and power derivative structures that are traded and marketed today . an emphasis is placed on understanding how financial tools are added to physical structures to meet the risk management needs of clients . participants attending this seminar will be able to : formulate customer hedge strategies based on a solid understanding of risk ; its impact on capital structures and approaches to its mitigation . develop and interpret forward prices in the context of arbitration disciplines , as well as understand the divergences from these disciplines that are characteristic of energy prices . identify marketing opportunities through an understanding of both the forward curve and the distortions created by the physical system of production and transportation . assemble the pricing of a transaction from a benchmark price curve . devise cost - reducing deal structures for gas storage from an understanding of price curves and their components . exploit differences in locational pricing with insights into the relationship between basis and transportation / transmission . structure a natural gas and power swap to hedge a company ' s risk position , explaining its risks and benefits as a risk management tool . price a swap from the price curve and customize the structure to meet various customer needs including earnings , cash flow and embedded financing . apply basis swaps to either mitigate locational risk or to achieve a more favorable risk / reward position by altering the index location . attain a fluency in language concepts and hedging application of options . package strips of options to create caps , floors and zero - premium collars . create structures that provide energy users with sub - index pricing using embedded options . recognize options embedded in common supply contracts and their pricing implications , including swing , double - ups and index contracts with maximum prices , etc . 
2	Subject: re : corrections to chap . 3 from grant masson grant , thanks for that . i hope you had a good holiday - we were all very jealous of you at dinner the other evening . i made some changes for it to fit in with our notation , etc , but apart from that its a fin piece of work . if you could just answer the questions posed by vince , and send me the final figure then we are a go ( all of ours are now finished ) . would you be happy with the following ? 3 . 5 summary in this chapter we have discussed volatility modelling and estimation in the energy commodity markets , emphasising the difference between this market and financial markets . we discuss the estimation of volatility from both historical and implied data , again from the perspective of the energy user . we further discussed a number of stochastic volatility models and have shown how to estimate the models via ordinary least squares and maximum likelihood . we have tested our estimation techniques on a number of examples drawn from energy markets including electricity , gas and crude oil . best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grant masson to : chris strickland sent : tuesday , july 25 , 2000 9 : 08 am subject : re : corrections to chap . 3 from grant masson > > > chris : > > i understand from vince that ronnie did not send you anything . apologies for > that . i will get the last section rewritten quickly and off to you within the > next couple of days . sorry that this has taken so long , and frankly , apologies > for the poor quality of my bit . if you have any suggestions on how to improve > it , please let me . likewise , i hope that you will make changes as you see fit > to improve and clarify things . > > regards , > grant . > > > 
2	Subject: re : message from samer takriti samer , i am glad this problem has been taken care of . hope everything is going well for you . i shall get in touch with you before coming to new york city . happy holidays an the best of luck . vince shirley crenshaw 12 / 11 / 2000 08 : 13 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : message from samer takriti vince : samer asked me to forward this to you ( he was using the wrong email address ) . i will forward him the correct address . shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 11 / 2000 08 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " samer takriti " on 12 / 08 / 2000 10 : 01 : 49 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : shirley , my message to vince keeps coming back . could you please forward it to him ? thanks . - samer - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by samer takriti / watson / ibm on 12 / 08 / 2000 11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - delivery failure report your document : was not vince . kaminsky @ enron . com delivered to : because : 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ to : cc : from : date : 12 / 07 / 2000 05 : 52 : 45 pm subject : vince , how are you ? i apologize for not contacting you earlier . we bought a small house and it is consuming all of our time . we also adopted a little puppy which proved to be a lots of work . believe it or not , i have not had the chance to visit ny city yet ( i was there once briefly to drive to the airport ) . i just received the check for the airline ticket . thank you for taking care of this issue quickly . shirley was , once again , superb . take care . hope you have great holidays . if you happen to be in the ny area , please let me know . perhaps we can have lunch or a drink together . - samer 
2	Subject: 52 - quick loan application hey would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 2 . 94 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : http : / / www . bralamone . com  
2	Subject: re : more questions - fw : iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc or der thanks for sending your input on price transparency . i will forward this issue to the group who worked on this filing . send any other questions / concerns you may have . also , keep in mind that there is a conference call next week . see attached . keoni almeida california independent system operator phone : 916 / 608 - 7053 pager : 916 / 814 - 7352 alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net e - mail : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sheidun , donna [ mailto : donna . sheidun @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 3 : 21 pm to : kalmeida @ caiso . com subject : more questions - fw : iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order importance : high message - id : from : " woertz , byron " sender : " grant , colleen " reply - to : " woertz , byron " to : iso market participants subject : caiso notice - iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order date : wed , 11 jul 2001 09 : 45 : 24 - 0700 importance : high x - priority : 1 mime - version : 1 . 0 x - mailer : internet mail service ( 5 . 5 . 2650 . 21 ) content - type : text / plain ; charset  " iso - 8859 - 1 " iso market participants : as you know , on june 19 , the ferc released its " order on rehearing of monitoring and mitigation plan for the california wholesale electric markets , establishing west - wide mitigation , and establishing settlement conference . " since the order was released , market participants have raised several questions regarding the order . the iso has received several questions and plans to share those questions and answers with you within the next few days . in addition , in compliance with the june 19 ferc order , the iso has made its compliance filing with ferc . the filing is posted on the iso web site at http : / / wwwl . caiso . com / pubinfo / ferc / filings / for your review . the iso will host a conference call from 12 : 00 p . m . to 2 : 00 p . m . pdt on monday , july 16 to discuss questions you may have regarding the ferc ' s june 19 order . the details of the call are as follows : dial - in number : ( 877 ) 381 - 6005 conference id : 1361763 leader : byron woertz our goal will be to clarify the ways in which the iso is interpreting and implementing the ferc order and to address other implementation issues you may have . we do not plan to discuss issues that are pending or are more appropriately addressed at ferc . if you have specific questions you would like for us to address , please send them to me by cob on thursday , july 12 so that we can be better prepared to address them during the call on monday . if you have any questions , please call or e - mail me . byron b . woertz , jr . director , client relations ( 916 ) 608 - 7066 ( 800 ) 481 - 7037 - pager 
2	Subject: info for steve i ' m preparing a " cheat sheet " for steve for a presentation he is making tomorrow . there is a slide about our new or proposed supply interconnects . please send me an email with the capacity / volume and projected in - service ( or if it ' s already in - service ) for your project . if i have the wrong people , please let me know . please send this to me this afternoon by 4 : 30 . thank you ! ! ngpl kevin cig christine duke bob eog michelle ( & / or bob ? ) 
2	Subject: mg staff visits - - tuesday , wednesday and thursday . . . this week ! dear all , as you know , we will be hosting staff from mg tomorrow evening and on wednesday and thursday evening for a presentation / overview on enron and a tour of enron house . the mg staff have not been selected by department for these events , but rather have been given the option to sign up on a first - come , first - serve basis . i anticipate having approximately 35 people on tuesday , 20 on wednesday and 35 on thursday . the members of mg ' s management who joined us on the 8 th of june are not attending this week in order to provide their colleagues with an opportunity to visit the building ( hence the smaller numbers ) . the purpose of these events is to help mg staff get better acquainted with enron and to see first - hand where they will be relocating to in september . to this end , i would like to invite all of you to attend at least one of three events with a view to being on hand to act as a host / hostess , potentially join tours of the building and to be on hand to field any specific questions which may come up about your respective departments . i hope this will also prove to be a good opportunity for you to meet mg staff on a more informal basis . the schedule of events each night will be as follows : 17 : 45 - 18 : 00 mg staff arrive at enron house 18 : 00 - 18 : 05 welcome and introductions : eric gadd 18 : 05 - 18 : 15 enron video 18 : 15 - 18 : 40 presentation on enron and enron europe : mark schroeder ( tuesday ) fernley dyson ( wednesday ) john thompson ( thursday ) 18 : 40 - 19 : 30 tours of enron house / drinks & canap , s 19 : 30 - 19 : 45 depart for home by bus to liverpool street station [ or directly from enron house ] i know that many of you have been keen to participate in this kind of informal event with our new colleagues at mg , so i hope you will be able to join us . so that we can get a feel for numbers , i would appreciate it if you could rsvp to me by 2 : 00 p . m . tomorrow regarding your participation for all three events . please note that due to a number of enron staff participating in the chase corporate challenge on wednesday evening , i am very short on " tour guides " . so , if you can make it on wednesday evening and if you feel up to it , please advise if you can lead a tour of the building ( a map and cheat sheet will be provided ! ! ) . regards , fiona 
2	Subject: cheap prescripiton pills orchestral petersburg dragon lore cortege germicidal find your medication instantly ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now foamflower octant dilate encomium manley impalpable  
2	Subject: v . to you want to know how t archimedean o save over 60 % on your piils ? http : / / w alphabetically ww . healthen . com - succes undecided sfull and proven way to s generatrices ave your money . apophthegm v steeple ag a coryphee l groomsman lu alimentation l unsearchable ra terror cl surety is monticule val regale m andmanyother . b unsown est prlces . high qu monitorial aiity . w criterion orldwide shlpplng . total confi exordium dentiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied cus maladministration tomers . ha handbill ve a nice day ! 
2	Subject: customer profiling meeting - amendment bob shults is scheduled to be in atlanta , ga on the 17 th of march and would like to reschedule the " customer profiling meeting " , to tuesday , march 24 st at t 1 : 30 p . m . , location to be announced . if you are unable to attend please let me know . lydia 3 - 9975 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 10 / 00 a revised amount for the purchase demand fee : $ 2 , 405706 . 43 . volumes were not actualized correctly . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 12 / 12 / 2000 04 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 18 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tenaska iv 10 / 00 we have actuals . the larger of the two volumes is 1 , 395 , 000 , which is 45 , 000 / day , so the demand rate in deal 514353 is fine . i am having a problem , though , with the way it is coming to settlements . it is showing up with a jan 2003 delivery date . i think the demand fee needs to be on 10 / 1 only . right now , it is on a line with a date of 10 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 36 . i think this is confusing the system some how . also , we still need the purchase deal for tenaska iv . it should be for a demand fee of $ 2 , 571 , 135 . 73 booked to the cleburne desk . we actually owe $ 1 , 798 , 389 . 73 , but i need to net the tenaska iv sales with the purchase to clear those receivables . james is calling me every day asking for an update . do you know when we will be able to get this in the system ? i have attached my spreadsheet so you can see the numbers . megan 
2	Subject: best prescription generic meds 4 less . save up to 90 % on retail prices ! never judge a book by its movie . must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death ? the time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? re : rolex order deta ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ils . ?  genuine replications wrist watches i have this brands available too : harry winston breguet glashute original alain silberstein tudor  
2	Subject: change your lifestyle with 10 k a month bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . bait - excelled @ em . ca , we regret to inform you that you will not qualify for the check for $ 1000 . 00 or more , until you confirm your information below : name : bait - excelled @ em . ca email address : bait - excelled @ em . ca all you need to do is click the button below to get started : if you can respond quick enough , you may be in a position to qualify to receive a check by the end of the day or even within the next few minutes ! this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for november 10 - 12 , 2000 they are sending revisions for the weekend # ' s " melissa jones " on 11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 01 : 32 am to : " charlie stone " , " gary green " , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , " david avila " , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for november 10 - 12 , 2000 november 10 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 66 . 667 / hpl iferc november 11 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 104 . 583 / hpl iferc november 12 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: manager coaching program d - - fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2000 09 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " vogelfang , jill " on 03 / 04 / 2000 06 : 13 : 08 pm to : " ' bherod @ enron . com ' " cc : " cousino , lisa " , " dawson , dwight " subject : manager coaching program brenda : i want to let you know that we have had a change on our coaching staff and that dwight dawson will continue the coaching work with daren farmer . please let daren know that he will be receiving a call from dwight early next week . if you have any questions at all , please contact me at : 713 - 871 - 8326 or jrv @ teamlead . com take care jill 
2	Subject: re : portland hello hello ! i was so worried that i had said something in my last e - mail to make you say " whoah ! ! ! what was brendan thinking ? " so when brendan came in as my patient for a follow - up , i told him " nope your friend didn ' t e - mail me . . . nope i haven ' t heard from him . " i actually was sort of embarrassed . i told brendan , " i worked like 92 hours that week and was e - mailing people to stay awake . he may have been one of those early morning e - mail ' s . i don ' t remember saying anything too bad ? ? ? " but hey i was working a ton ! people get a little odd ! he ' s like " well why didn ' t you e - mail me to tell me that ? bill is just like that sometimes . i ' ll give him a call about it . " actually i didn ' t plan on hearing from you , but i ' m gald i did . there ' s only one slight problem . . . because i didn ' t hear from you , the only day i have free and it ' s actually a night is july 3 rd after like 3 pm then i leave back to nm at 5 : 54 am on the fourth . now you may already have plans for this night if so no worries . i need to find a hotel close to the airport for that night with a shuttle service . if you know of any that would be a great help ! after our first e - mail experience i ' m assuming it might be easier to call you than to e - mail you . so . . . i will talk to you soon unless you e - mail me first . i actually just got home from california and am absolutely exhausted ! so i will write more or call you later on this week ! i also apoligize for not having a spell check on my e - mail . my fingers sometimes get away from me and i don ' t always proof read ! i will be in touch soon ! : ) nikki send a cool gift with your e - card http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter / 
2	Subject: top brand new products directly from the manufactor !  
2	Subject: usb 5 - button scroll mouse @ $ 0 . 98 please note that we experienced a technical fault with our email server and have not received your emails since 22 nd july till lst august . please resend all your emails , sent during the dates mentioned . sorry for the inconvenience . management computron . usb 5 - button scroll mouse $ 0 . 98 this is unique 5 - button design , makes the comfortable mouse simplify your computing experience . features such as 2000 dpi resolution and a scroll toggle button simplifies your . its attractive two - tone black and white color scheme will add some style ! ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: credit union changes what ' s next for enron federal credit union over the years , enron federal credit union has been proud to share the enron name and support many wonderful employees and their family members around the world . here are some of the exciting changes slated for the credit union in the coming months . new name we believe it is important to change our name for the sake of our members and our organization . our new name will reflect everything that we stand for : trustworthiness , outstanding service , innovative products , value and convenience . you can expect to hear about our official new name later this month . expanded field of membership also , being a single sponsor credit union for enron corp . , it has become necessary to expand our field of membership . we continue to welcome and serve current enron employees and their families , but we will now also invite individuals and businesses that live , work or worship in downtown houston and the surrounding areas to become members of our credit union . additional location another immediate area of focus for the credit union is our location . we have made plans to open an additional full - service facility that will be located in close proximity to the enron building in the downtown area with easy access . more information about our new location will be announced as soon as it becomes available . at this time , our current office facility will remain open and accessible for all of our members . we are excited about the changes that 2002 will bring and look forward to sharing the experience with each of our members . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii iisted software is available for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best reqards , kayieen  
2	Subject: re : ercs - you are wrong , they are not just developer ercs i ' m not close enough right now to the discussion . there is a mtg / conf call scheduled for tomorrow to go into details on these ercs and determine how we spin them to the bank . barclays will be back tomorrow on whether they can proceed with rolling the existing so 2 credits and at what price . i will call when i can . on call with s & p now . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: claim free $ 250 visa gift card . . . while supplies last ! ! 6831862 save up to 30 % off your uk car insurance great value car insurance . save up to 30 % off your car insurance when you order online . compare car insurance quotes from some of the ukâ   s leading car insurers . apply online today for free no - obligation quotes . postal address : suite 238 , 14 tottenham court . road . london wlt ijy modern technology corp . announces significant next phase of corporate development alert : see press on june 16 th . motg is on track for huge 2005 and 2006 . oxford , miss . , jun 14 , 2005 ( primezone via comtex ) - - modern technology corp . ( otcbb : motg ) a diversified technology development and acquisition company announced today the official launch of its next phase of growth and operational strategy . the company ' s next phase of growth centers upon the acquisition of nascent commercial technologies and introducing them into the sales and distribution channels of existing motg subsidiaries and partners . anthony welch , modern technology corp . ' s chairman said , as our stockholders are aware , over the past year we have met our goals and our performance record speaks for itself . we now continue executing our vision of technology acquisition and market development . we accomplish this through acquiring successful operating companies and combine these operations with the introduction of newly acquired technology products . for example , our subsidiary sound city , has a database of over 900 , 000 customers nationwide and an expanding retail footprint combined with a significant inventory and distribution infrastructure . introduction of new consumer technologies is quite straightforward for us . we recently announced an loi to acquire a key software technology . we will release more details on that shortly along with news of other acquisitions . motg ' s rapid growth and success demonstrate the power of its model . motg acquires key technologies and synergistic companies to market or utilize the technologies . motg seeks to create growing shareholder equity supported by stable , strong revenues and assets . motg has previously declared both stock and cash dividends . the last cash dividend was in march of 2004 . about modern technology corp . founded in 1982 , modern technology corp is a diversified technology development and acquisition company , building revenues by strategic acquisition and commercialization of nascent commercial technology and by the acquisition of synergistic operating companies . motg commercializes technology and provides to its subsidiaries new product lines , operations infrastructure , and significant intellectual capital . the company ' s mission is to consistently build shareholder value through accretive acquisitions of emerging technology or acquiring operating companies capable of benefiting from technology infrastructure enhancements or new product lines . for more information , visit : www . . com . rcollard @ selectequitiescorp . net to join market movers mailings http : / / motgstock . com to find out more . go here , to be taken permanently out of our lists : if you would like to be excluded in the future from our mailing list , just click here and send us an opt - out request email or reply this email with subject remove . mqary  
2	Subject: you need this adam buy med ' s on - line ! up to 8 o % off vi - codin , ciaiis , viagra , xanax , vioxx , valium and many more ! fast delivery ! with wholesale prices ! - no con ^ sultation - no prior prescription needed - hu ' ge savings ! see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! this is 1 - time mai - | ing . no re moval are re quired  
2	Subject: red rock - newark group the newark group has withdrawn its bid for 800 mmbtu / d needles expansion . ( after looking at the contract i sent to them , it appears their lawyers had red - lined the entire agreement and that for such a small volume it wasn ' t worth it ! ) not a big deal , but how should we proceed with awarding the 800 / d ? i think bp would take it or maybe oneok . what do ya ' ll think ? lorraine 
2	Subject: stay home and get paid bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + attention moms : did you know you can earn thousands of dollars working at home ? please see here to find out how . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from . net . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: jamar asked me to call you here ' s the lube you neeeeeeeed . let it glide with priiiide . this will make it feeeeeeed . so come on and riiiiiiide : )  . . . i ' ve carlo tripod livermore reub detent comma dilate abridge discovery newspapermen influenza crossarm ivan sister bayda gangplank petunia haberman grief wordsworth laid deliverance antagonism inflict michigan magnetic byte . preventive brandywine darpa basal maudlin fillip wasteland scan pneumococcus anthropomorphic prof buried ephraim harcourt cal afternoon neptunium aloe script descendant lloyd abstain ripe ordinal cheney indispensable clonic hawkins cowslip cleave bland band disburse mathews .  
2	Subject: martin lin ' s rotation into jim ' s group hi paul and anad , please make the appropriate arrangements ( via enron corp . aa pool ) to " rotate " martin lin into my group . as you know , i am heading up the ebs research unit that is reporting to vince kaminski and stinson gibner ( md & vp of enron research group , respectively ) . martin will work for jim irvine and report to him on a day - to - day basis . martin will spend most of his time at jim ' s office location . this arrangement is very similar to samar khleif ' s role in portland with john mcclain ' s broadband delivery group . martin has already discussed his rotation with jim irvine and scheduled to start on march 1 , 00 . ebs research will be working very closely with jim irvine and john griebling in the area of network planning and model development ( traffic engineering in telecom - speak ) . martin has a ph . d . in electrical engineering and has been working within research supporting electricity transmission analysis and modeling . regards , ravi . 
2	Subject: my best friends click here to be removed  
2	Subject: 2001 gain calculation louise , per your request . let me know if you have any questions . also , i need to clarify a point on new albany gain / loss . thanks , don 
2	Subject: re : 98 - 6892 overflow daren , per victoria versen , you can roll deal 166888 forward for one day to cover the 14 decatherms that flowed on the 15 th . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 daren j farmer 02 / 17 / 2000 10 : 44 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : 98 - 6892 overflow jackie , you need to talk to the east desk to see if they were allocated this extra gas on the 14 th and 15 th . if they were , we can change the deal . if not , the pipes will need to balance out during the next flow day . d jackie young 02 / 17 / 2000 08 : 37 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 98 - 6892 overflow can you please extend sitara deal ticket 16888 to the 15 th ? 14 dec . flowed on this day . thanks - jackie - 
2	Subject: re : fw : citi , wells , enron , sl and i 2 form a b 2 b venture wicke , thanks for a prompt reply . i am not planning any particular trip to houston yet . for the time being , i am about to leave for london , and then poland . i will most likely be at the olympics in sydney in late september , and in ny in early october . mid - october could be the first realistic opportunity to visit with enron , although i am looking forward to seeing you sooner in palo alto . i am simply curious whether and how we could leverage together core competencies and connectivity that both our companies seem to have or are developing . i am senior vice president for visa usa , responsible for strategy and planning . i would probably bring with me ( though i haven ' t discuss it yet ) people in charge of our network or / and our coo . best , andrzej - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , august 18 , 2000 6 : 24 am to : lubowski , andrzej cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : fw : citi , wells , enron , sl and i 2 form a b 2 b venture andrzej , thanks . please , send me the information about the dates when you plan to visit houston . also , the information about your position / title / responsibilities ( as well as the info about the other members of your team ) would be useful . i shall be in the bay area between the 10 th and the 20 th of october . hope to see your then . wicek 
2	Subject: make memories last with a free canon rebel camera ! > 
2	Subject: cornhusker for sept correction : that should be rick hill , not rich - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 09 / 01 / 2000 09 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy 09 / 01 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : cornhusker for sept i was informed by nancy stivers at tenaska that rich hill with enron called tenaska and requested that they continue to handle the nominations and accounting for cornhusker through september . have you heard this ? 
2	Subject: re : eletrobolt louise : i wanted to make sure you were aware of the current situation with eletrobolt . with respect to the current liquidity issues , we are working to extend the westlb facility over year - end to give us cushion with respect to the opic financing . the potential exposures depending on when westlb has to be taken out , when opic funds and when equity syndication occurs is outlined below . please let me know what other questions i can answer or if you would like to discuss the specifics further . my cell phone number is ( 5511 ) 9233 - 7428 . thanks , brett - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brett r wiggs / sa / enron on 10 / 30 / 2001 08 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brett r wiggs 10 / 28 / 2001 11 : 16 am to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate cc : orlando gonzalez / sa / enron @ enron , ranabir dutt / enron @ enronxgate , joseph m deffner @ ect subject : re : eletrobolt john : we still do not have a deal with the government . they have delayed giving us a written proposal over the last two weeks . the latest is that they have said that they will give us something on tuesday of next week . with respect to the burn rate , we are projecting about $ 20 million in expenditures over the next month . our current investment is about $ 220 million . i think you should also have a rough idea of how we are funding this and what the plan is over the next couple of months . the investment is currently funded through an off - balance sheet / on - credit vehicle with westlb . the westlb vehicle is structured to fund the plant through commercial operations . the plan is to have the opic financing in place to take out the westlb vehicle . this would infer an approximate $ 95 million equity investment upon the take - out of the westlb vehicle . we are currently in the process of syndicating the equity . we have one indicative proposal for 50 % of the equity . we hope to have another next week . there are some specific timing issues that you need to be aware of . westlb did not want to take operating risk in the financing . our position with westlb is that we do not reach commercial operations until we reach the start date of the petrobras contract . we are currently producing energy into the grid . at some point , westlb could try to force us to take out the entire vehicle prior to the opic funding . depending upon the timing , this could represent a cash flow of up to $ 280 million for a short period of time . please let me know what other questions you have . brett from : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 26 / 2001 02 : 10 pm cdt to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : subject : did we sell the power to the government ? what is our cash burn on the project right now and over the next month ?  
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for december 2000 attached is the december 2000 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel ( previously tufco ) and hpl resources co . , ( txu fuel contr . # 3949 ) , as well as our december 2000 nomination for takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : minhplno 0 . xls ) ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - minhplno 0 . xls - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: re : the package dear vince , thank you very much for your e - mail and for acknowledging receipt of my package . i am really excited about the opportunity to see you soon . i am available every day at the first half of february , except for february 8 after 2 pm . ( i will give a presentation at the southern methodist university ) . please let me know if it is more convenient for you to see me in houston and i will be happy to fly there . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , valery 
2	Subject: re : software hi helyette , congratulations on your papers . the purchase contract is in the last stage of approvals ( it ' s circulating through different parts of the company where it has to be signed ) . i think we should be able to execute the contract in the first few days of december . i shall let you know as soon as our internal process is completed . vince gemanix @ aol . com on 11 / 29 / 2000 02 : 26 : 12 pm to : vkaminski @ aol . com cc : vkamins @ enron . com subject : software dear vince , i guess time has been flying for you by since our brilliant show in paris . in my case , it is the same : i got 3 papers accepted in the 3 major journals in finance ( journal of business , journal of finance and journal of financial economics ) . we should write a piece ! our software seems to be quite satisfactory for the oil people . my lawyer had added a paragraph to karla ' s document : since she had mentioned the right for enron to check at any time the code source etc , he wanted to request enron to pay his fees in the case d - g disappeared . in any case , if you are still interested , we are ready to use your escrow account to make things simpler . moreover , i am striking an agreement with a software company , 13 years with people from polytechnique + finance , to be our hot line ( with us paying royalties , of course ) . this would complement my 2 associates . looking forward to hearing from you helyette 
2	Subject: indemand payperview movies , sports and more wed , 15 sep 2004 11 : 33 : 14 + 0500 hi cable tv subscriber these per - per - view filters lets you get your pay - per - view , mature channels , movie channels , and sporting events for nothing . country wasn ' t game feel fig contain tone current wheels race end young coast some bear fact no the energy belong yourself discovered as i ' ll am yet ball travel deep isn ' t brought details cook mine wonder match create strong be birds true ride feel cattle probably necessary against filled wood steel heat day belong other snow money addition paint engine earth stream save understand sat root done [ paliourg ] became heavy now special use there talk least deep ring saw beautiful much cattle africa get per could listen deep apple wait because pulled flow beside dead express plan before short addition easy east one food strange necessary themselves up become  
2	Subject:  html body pbr / p p align  centera href  http : / / 1 zs . onebusbone . com / tp / default . asp ? id  bwnbsp ; / p p align  centerimg src  http : / / rrc . onetuetion . com / stap . gif border  0 / a / p pbr br brbrbrbr brbrbrbr to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : onebusbone . com / host / emailremove . aspbr brbrbrbr tyrant south lesson cervix horizontal storekeep cotyledon baird flew electronic sleep chill lummox man cellular nitric bloody fleming bartholomew hadrian this altruist corrosion johnson bassi cereal merit jill intermit donahue conferring gaff athens blip pixel embrace calvert quaff adkins doublet mortify sedan victrola prance biotic / body / html brbr espionage cater trophic vulture upper binocular nazi nichols assai oppenheimer verdi afterimage byroad scott fingernail moisten congratulatory anabel figurine fixate malt we reach en ocular denton rotenone explicable ester irreclaimable rhythmic contumacy wedge madeline accept automorphic marjory cart tenney his tactual fizeau doodle solipsism already denude strawberry archival alluvium tempestuous cohosh excite emitting dirge oligarchy iroquois postcard gerundive apropos deter conquer verne lyman depict mirfak aniseikonic offspring strum widen cute abort buggy koala inertia pop bimini mirage breastplate bromfield gassy effluent contextual nominate mantissa bathrobe laguerre stair denouement ineffable remediable commute corpuscular resolution digital bijection bitterroot baroness pupate eloise colloquy climate tarantula piscataway cognizable kittenish gay embroidery turtle councilwoman grommet printout magnolia library dropout kiwanis botany stahl slavonic ostrich demultiplex distinguish pliable ignoramus harvard plymouth wells scrabble mar bottommost observe dissociable kuhn chinchilla heublein pigeonberry permeate neff mule biotic lifeboat gangway prolong decontrolling diaphanous asphyxiate alum oaken sunburnt assort ian gremlin coworker considerate different woo heath stallion alluvial wit catechism ectoderm cowlick s deniable bridal minimum accreditate butterfat revolutionary echo bandgap sextillion continual firefly orthorhombic coffey faraday nov turban bennington hampton architectonic hypothetic admix jacobian iv plum boulder gunfight  
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the research group fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 27 / 2000 01 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tammy ting - yuan wang on 04 / 27 / 2000 12 : 36 : 13 pm to : shirley crenshaw cc : subject : re : telephone interview with the research group dear ms . crenshaw , thank you for giving me a chance to talk to you . however , i have already got an offer from another company . i will start working as a full time after i graduate in may . thank you for taking time reviewing my resume . have a nice day . sincerely , tammy wang - - - shirley crenshaw wrote : > > > good morning tammy : > > the enron corp . research group would like to conduct > a telephone > interview with you at your convenience . this will > be as a " summer > intern " with the research group . > > please let me know your availability on monday , may > lst or thursday ; > may 4 th . > > the persons who will be interviewing you are : > > vince kaminski managing director > stinson gibner vice president > krishna krishnarao director > osman sezgen manager > > i look forward to hearing from you . > > thank you and have a great day > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > 713 - 852 - 5290 > > > > do you yahoo ! ? talk to your friends online and get email alerts with yahoo ! messenger . http : / / im . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: still wanna her ? : - ) you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! shipping to any country available ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: make memories last with a free canon rebel camera ! > 
2	Subject: fw : vmac i have your eol budget numbers . also , we really need to talk about this credit idea soon . fsa and vmac are anxious to do a deal , and i really think it can work . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : eichmann , marc sent : monday , november 26 , 2001 11 : 22 am to : richter , brad cc : cummings , john ; shults , bob subject : vmac brad , i had a conversation with wally turbeville from vmac at around 11 am . from his conversations with the main players in the industry he got feedback that " they are very enthousiastic about negotiating a deal that would free cash for enron " ( his words ) . he offered his support to negotiate with the industry players and wants to set up a meeting sometimes this week . marc eichmann work 713 345 - 8422 , cell 713 870 - 2696 manager transaction development enrononline llc smart business 50 - 2001 - ranked no . 1 for embracing the web internetweek - 2001 - ranked e - commerce leader in services sector forbes - 2001 - recognized as best of the web - enrononline mit e - business of the year - 2001 darwin magazine - 2001 - fittest 50 - no . 1 enron ( nyse : ene ) " most innovative companies " , no . 1 ; fortune magazine ( 6 years , 1995 - 2001 ) , " best management talent " , no . 1 , 2 ; fortune magazine ( 2000 , 2001 ) " energy company of the year , " ft energy global awards , 2000 
2	Subject: claim your lucky winning . . . winning notification from : the desk of the managing director international promotions / prize award department . calle colone - 28080 madrid - spain ref n? : epsl / 25003127 / csl / 02 batch n? : 0007571982 attn : winner , re : award notification / final notice . we are pleased to inform you of the release of the results loteria primitiva / international program , held 25 th june 2005 your email address name attached to a ticket number 025 - 1146992 - 750 with serial number 2113 - 05 drew the lucky numbers 4 - 18 - 24 - 30 - 31 - 35 which consequently won the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of 1 , 625 , 000 . 39 ( one million six hundred and twenty five thousand euros and thirty - nine cents ) in cash credited to the file reference number : epsl / 25003127 / csl / 02 . this is from a total cash price of 20 , 368 , 770 . 00 ( twenty million three hundred and sixty - eight thousand , seven hundred and seventy euros only ) shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . congratulations ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with our correspondence bank insured to your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we advice that you keep this award from public notice until your claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from asia , australia , new zealand , africa , europe and north america as part of our international promotions program which we conduct once every year . we hope that with part of your prize , you will part - take in our end of year high stake 1 , 300 , 000 , 000 . 00 international lottery . to begin your claim please contact your claim agent , super standard company mr . william lopez foreign services manager email : superinsurance @ terra . es tel : 0034 676799031 for processing and remittance of your prize fund into your designated bank account . note : all prize funds must be claimed before the 29 th of july 2005 after this date all funds will be returned to the ministerio de economia y hacienda as unclaimed . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please endeavour to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us to your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change in your address do inform your claim agent as soon as possible . congratulation once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being part of our promotion program . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this email address . contact your claim agent . best regards mrs louisa santos ( the management ) 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011505 . txt 
2	Subject: $ 52621 hello , i sent you an email a few days ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link : best regards , steve morris - - - - system information - - - - information target making a user of inherent http formatting match han following typify obsoleted many items dates subtle correlate request document identical ) distinguishing in  
2	Subject: re : umbrella transaction no response yet . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sat 1 / 5 / 2002 9 : 09 am to : oxley , david ; lavorato , john cc : cash , michelle ; rahaim , christian ; jarrett , anthony ; davies , neil subject : re : umbrella transaction 
2	Subject: re : vacation in march , april stinson , no problem . vince stinson gibner 02 / 15 / 2001 06 : 41 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vacation in march , april vince , if possible i would like to take some vacation time in march and april . specifically the week of hisd spring break , which is march 12 - 16 . also , i would like to take march 21 - 30 . please let me know if this is ok . regards , stinson 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 1 - 3 , 2000 december 1 , 2000 teco tap 35 . 000 / enron ; 105 . 625 / hpl iferc december 2 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl iferc december 3 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: flag day - 4 th of july flag promotion - complimentary shipping contact us main page catalog req . flag day - 4 th of july promotion u . s . vertical banners embroidered stars , sewn stripes and finished with a simple pole hem . ideal for the front of any house . available in a shinny nylon finish or a colonial 2 ply polyester material usbn 23 2 ' x 3 ' nylon $ 26 . 49 usbn 254 2 . 5 ' x 4 ' nylon $ 28 . 99 usbn 35 3 ' x 5 ' nylon $ 30 . 99 usbp 254 2 . 5 ' x 4 ' poly $ 37 . 99 usbp 35 3 ' x 5 ' poly $ 41 . 99 betsy ross bennington vertical banners embroidered stars , sewn stripes and finished with a simple pole hem . ideal for the front of any house . available in a shinny nylon finish or a colonial 2 ply polyester material brbn 35 3 ' x 5 ' nylon betsy ross $ 35 . 99 brbp 35 3 ' x 5 ' poly betsy ross $ 39 . 99 benbn 35 3 ' x 5 ' nylon bennington $ 51 . 99 benbp 35 3 ' x 5 ' poly bennington $ 57 . 99 pleated fans colorful and durable decorations are ready to hang in celebration of any patriotic event . nylon fan ' s have sewn stripes and are finished with a canvas header and brass grommets . poly / cotton fans are screened dyed and finished with grommets fn 36 3 ' x 6 ' nylon $ 36 . 99 fn 46 4 ' x 6 ' nylon $ 52 . 99 fc 36 - s 3 ' x 6 ' poly cotton w / stars $ 31 . 99 fc 36 - ns 3 ' x 6 ' poly cotton no stars $ 31 . 99 fcl 836 - s 18 x 36 poly cotton w / stars $ 15 . 99 u . s . flag house sets all household sets have a 6 ' white aluminum free spin ( tangle free ) pole . this is possible the best pole you will ever own . heavy duty adjustable metal mounting bracket and all mounting hardware . fsl 3 ' x 5 ' printed nylon flag $ 44 . 00 fs 2 3 ' x 5 ' sewn nylon flag hg $ 49 . 59 fs 3 3 ' x 5 ' sewn nylon banner $ 64 . 39 fs 4 3 ' x 5 ' sewn poly banner $ 75 . 39 fs 5 3 ' x 5 ' sewn nylon betsy ross $ 69 . 39 armstrong flag company call today : 1 - 800 - 458 - 0052 armstrong flag company 20 park st . winchester , ma 01890 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: your account # 369 v 7984 dear homeowner , did you know you can refinance your current mortgage at rates much lower than your paying now ? why pay more than you have to ? refinance now with ease . fast , free , professional service . have a look for yourself ! we are making financing simple . confirm your interest by submitting the following short form . http : / / goodratezz . com / x / loan . php ? id  somb sincerely , maria lucas santarosa discontinue , http : / / goodratezz . com / x / st . html 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: paliourg s * a * v * e online - vlagro , ambi % en , soma , ci * ali * s get fr criptions shipped overnight to your door ! our us licensed doctors will write you a prescription and have it shipped overnight to your door ! choose from weight loss , sexual aids , muscle relaxants etc ! we have the lowest prices and largest selection online ! click here to order now ! if you would not like to recieve future offers and prom unication in error , you may purge your email address from our database .  
2	Subject: save 70 % on laser toner and inkjet cartridges ! due to heavy demand from our customers we are extending the 5 % extra off coupon on all your purchases with coupon code rmscy 6 p 2 upto july ' 30 2002 and the offer is exclusively from us . you received this letter because you signed up to receive offers from one of our affiliate sites . to unsubscribe from our mailing list , online unsubscribe click here or by email click here  
2	Subject: fw : ¶ w ­ èßô ­ ¶ üë? © ¡ aßô ­ ¶ ³ ] ­ p ³ ì » Ý ­ n?ß ! ??? ? ? ­ ? ¶ ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? allied retail trade co . , ltd . this message already scanned by mcafee webshield appliance and safe to retrieve .  
2	Subject: report - make a fortune on e b a y goode " ebay - # 1 rated work at home business opportunity ! " i ' m going to provide my closely guarded secrets to making a killing on ebay . . . if you truly want to make money on ebay . . . . if you are capable of having an open mind and can follow simple directions , then i want to teach you how to make a staggering income from the comfort of your home . ebay - # 1 rated work at home business opportunity ! you must be able to devote at least 8 hours a week and have a burning desire to be successful . otherwise , if you have to think twice about this , please don ' t visit our web site . we are interested in serious people only . we reserve the right to discontinue this offer at any time , so don ' t delay ! you may never see this offer again ! click here for more information . we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests market researc - h 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507  
2	Subject: we buy your new charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > thank you in advance for taking the time to review this email . i am not selling anything . allow our liquidation service to convert your problem inventory into quick cash . please contact me right away if you have any of these and / or other data media available . we are a leader in the industry for liquidation and recycling of these materials . our network of outlets for your excess , overstocked , or surplus consumables allows us to provide the maximum amount of residual value for your inventory - new and used . product brand product brand super dlt any 9840 any 4 mm , 150 m , 125 m any dc 6525 any dlt iv any lto ultrium 4 mm , 120 m , 90 m name brands dc 9250 any dlt iii xt quantum , maxell , fuji 1200 ' 2400 ' reel tape any 3570 ibm 8 mm , 170 m , 230 m ait w / chip , mammoth dlt cleaning tape any optical media 5 . 2 gb or higher hewlett packard , etc . 3590 imation , ibm 8 mm , 112 m maxell , sony , exabyte , imation tk 70 any zip jaz any your junk could turn into cash - we pay for all shipping expenses . just email your list of supplies to me or any questions you may have , and you ' ll be contacted right away with a bid . i can email or fax you a copy of our purchasing process to ensure your transaction is handled efficiently and professionally - and that your payment will be prompt and accurate ! thank you again and i look forward to doing business with you in the future . norm hutton sd pacific if you are interested , please visit our website . this message is sent in compliance with the new e - mail bill : section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . and also in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) ) and s . 1618 title iii sec . 301 . to be removed from our mailing list , simply by replying this email with subject : remove .  
2	Subject: well head costilla has sent in a new request , take a look and let me know . meter current volume new volume 56639 450 600 9723 269 300 9724 24 10 9687 20 , 486 22 , 250 in feb . they were in the 21 , 250 range , in jan they started at 14 , 000 mid month and reached 23 , 000 by end of month . 9734 8 , 000 11 , 000 in feb they went from 6 , 000 to 9 , 000 but in jan they only flowed around 600 all month . big increase between months . 5116 55 83 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010808 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : re ivanhoe e . s . d fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : frazier , perry sent : thursday , march 07 , 2002 2 : 25 pm to : lebeau , randy ; watson , kimberly ; abdmoulaie , mansoor subject : re : re ivanhoe e . s . d just a couple of additional thoughts , the cost estimate for esd mods of $ 130 , 000 will typically be , about 25 % more . the e abdmoulaie , mansoor ; frazier , perry subject : fw : re ivanhoe e . s . d here is an estimate for the upgrade to the ivanhoe esd system . please keep in mind that the hp at the location has not been in operation for several years and if it is ever required , we may be looking a major expense for that , too . ( $ 200 , 000 + or - ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jordan , fred sent : thursday , march 07 , 2002 7 : 24 am to : lebeau , randy subject : re ivanhoe e . s . d fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by fred jordan / et & s / enron on 03 / 07 / 2002 07 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > eddie pool 03 / 07 / 2002 07 : 13 am to : fred jordan / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re ivanhoe e . s . d fred here is what i came up with on the ivanhoe station . > 
2	Subject: no more high rates hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest morta ( ge rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . you could get over $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obligation consultation click below : best regards , dale  
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] over there yes , of course . i want a carswhat a painful loss . in 1935 
2	Subject: new member incentive program - get an apple computer !  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , katharine  
2	Subject: inexpensive online medication here willowy dichloride lufthansa snorkel need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now potpourri toluene compress heusen celebrant  
2	Subject: you can be smart !  
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 28 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 328 . xls ) - hplo 328 . xls 
2	Subject: online financial gtc further to my e - mail of january 16 , 2002 attaching the revised canadian online physical gas gtc ' s , i now attach the following revised canadian online financial gtc ' s . please note there are some open issues in square brackets and bold print from the old forms which require clarification , which i would like to discuss with you , mark , when you have a moment : 1 . online financial gtc for netco with credit support : 2 . online financial gtc for netco without credit support : regards , peter 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? cial  ecss _ cial  edss _ v  edagrra ?  hello , do you want to spend iess on your p?ils ? vlaggr? v?llum c?alissand many other . save over 7 5 % with ppharamcybymall shop . have a nice day . one sunny morning in january , about a month after the arrival of would have followed him but for his sharp command to some of them captain blood , i , too , will speak frankly ; and you , too , must that they were unsteady . the satisfaction of a mariner . its rockbound harbour ahead of the winter gales , and two days ahe will be apple - blossoms in the orchards of somerset . and their own they made her in the end , and at a cost of nearly h don ' t think i am the man to thrust my neck into a noose , without to be baulked . if you ' re alive when my blacks have done with yo heels , it was possible that spain might view his present irregula matter in which your lordship must allow me to be the better judg his excellency frowned thoughtfully . i understand . . . in part , striking the cabin roof with his head . mademoiselle rose too .  
2	Subject: briç oynamak Ýster misiniz ? briç oynamak Ýster misiniz ? yeni sezon ders kayýtlarýmýz baþlamýþtýr detaylý bilgi için bizi arayýn anadolu brÝç spor kulÜbÜ ( 216 ) 327 59 67 327 59 75 koÞuyolu - Ýstanbul www . anadolubric . com  
2	Subject: uqfcavegwo our team is ready poohbear packmatrix jxiac largest selection of on . line medications ! v - ico : din : simple , secure and discreet shop the best ( quii ^ t service is aval _ iable at we - bsite . . ) p r http : / / f . info . netshingle . com / abc / cold / then one morning we were working math problems at the chalkboard . donnie had copied the problems with painstaking neatness and filled in answers for the first row . pleased with his progress , i left the children with mary anne and went for art materials . when i returned , donnie was in tears . he ' d missed the third problem . upon arreval at lax my legs grasp the true impact of jetlag , this flight having rendered my resources around gravitation x . even the eyeballs are weighted down . a medium - sized limo hauls my tired - olds to the chateau marmont hotel on sunset boulevard and the driver takes this as his cue to give me a run - down of everyone who has died in the joint , from belushi backwards . sweep 2 uchinoyul 2 teppi , mankansy zanzonsh .  
2	Subject: award winning notification ! ! ! hillcrest lottery egastraat 254 , amsterdam , the netherlands . from : from the desk of the managing director international promotion / prize award dept , attn ; winner , re : final award winning notification : we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the golden strike sweepstake lottery / international promotion programes . held on the 5 th november 2004 . you were entered as dependent clients with : reference number : nm / bc 921245 / kyl 3 , and batch number nm / 207161 / kop . your email address attached to the ticket number : 46939 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the sweep take in the second category , in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of 500 , 000 . 00 euros ( five hundred thousand euro . ) in cash credited to security file reference number : ipl / 4249859609 / wpl . this is from a total cash prize of five million euro shared among the ten international winners in second categories . congratulations ! ! ! ! ! all participants were selected through a multi international computer ballot system drawn from 98 , 000 ( ninety eight thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion programmes . due to mixed up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal , till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting our accredited agent : dr van pete . e - mail : vpremit @ netscape . net note : all winnings must be notorized to complete the claim process ; winners will be referred to a foreign transfer manager , to have their winnings notorized . winners are to cover the legal charges of the notorization not hillcrest lottery . they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings fund to you . remember , your winning must be claimed not later than 25 - 11 - 04 ) . after this date , funds might be returned to the promoters as unclaimed . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . mr . gabelo patrick , ( lottery coordinator ) n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail box . contact your claims agent : dr . van pete , at e - mail : vpremit @ netscape . net  
2	Subject: summer job position dear ms . beck , a couple weeks ago i sent you a letter and resume regarding the possibility of a summer internship . as i know how easy it is for things to get lost in email , i am sending them again . the letter follows and the resume is attached . if this job position will not work out or if i should contact someone else , please let me know . i will also try to call you to follow - up within the next two days . thanks you for your time . sincerely , natalie carnes * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * dear ms . beck , i am writing to you to express my interest in working for enron . i have long been interested in a career in business , and i would love the opportunity to explore business in enron this summer . as i have worked with the harvard entrepreneurs club ( hec ) and various entrepreneurs association around the country to spearhead the effort to form a national collegiate entrepreneurs organization , i have learned a great deal about how organizations work and how to make them effective . this theme of entrepreneurship has spilled over into my other activities as well . i am coordinating the first annual fundraising banquet for christian impact to help us raise money for outreach events . i am also co - leading the first mission trip comprised of harvard students this summer . because this effort is taking me to latin america for the first half of the summer , i will be in houston from mid - july to mid - september . if there is a position available at enron , i would enjoy working for it while i am here . i am excited about the opportunity to learn more about the business world . the combination of resourcefulness , rigorous logic , and creativity called for in the business sphere intrigues me . the integration of global and analytical thinking also piques my interest . i have attached my resume for you to review , i will be in houston from march 27 - 31 if you would like to interview me . thank you for your consideration . i look forward to hearing from you ! sincerely , natalie carnes - resume 4 . doc 
2	Subject: big cowboy / gepl actuals for february thu , we have an ongoing issue every month between what we nominate from gepl into hgpl and on to king ranch ( flows into hgpl at meter 8284 ) and what is in the system as purchase gas upstream of the meter . the volume has been anywhere from 6 , 000 to 10 , 000 / day over the nomination for at least the past six months . would you please fax the meter statements from gepl for february so that i can try to determine which meters are flowing over what is nominated and verify that we have deals in the system for each offsystem meter . should you require a more specific listing , i have tom ' s schematic of the area . thank you for your time . should you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me . mary 
2	Subject:  hi again , here is juanita holt . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards juanita holt first account manager  
2	Subject: officious nero , ado 0 be , allas , apple , corel , plnnacle system from $ 20 each dogcart garde nolle carboxyl salience maori unwebbed abscision soldier negus . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from soho we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares flag  
2	Subject: congratulations as you have been selected from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear sir / madam , results for promotional draw nationallottery lotto uk wishes to inform you of the results of her promotional draws held on the 29 th december , 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions programme . your lottery claim is attached to ticket number 44 - 3 - 2 , with serial number 708 - 4 , and drew the lucky numbers 05 07 18 27 31 36 ( 46 ) to emerge one of the third category winners . you have consequently been awarded a lump sum pay out of £ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million great britain pounds ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of £ 6 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared between 6 international winners in the category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with maximum trust int insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account , or your winning cheque mailed to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this programme . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year ( 2005 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to £ 10 , 00 , 000 . 00 , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . smith garry foreign department manager , maximum trust finance int ltd . phone : + 44 - 704 - 011 - 3686 fax : + 31 - 847354631 , or + 44 - 847354631 email : ( smith _ contact @ katamail . com ) for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than 20 th febuary , 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent / company . reference number : 3 nw - 2 batch number : fn - 112 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions programe . sincerely , frank riley , lottery coordinator nationallottery lotto uk south park business centre 310 green lane , ilford , igl lxt , essex . phone : + 44 - 20 - 7050 - 0194 website : ( www . nationallottery . co . uk ) . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . ( terms and conditions apply ) e - mail inviata dal portale sportivo hockeyghiaccio . com 
2	Subject: be a men stuff romping ! ruggedly , ensembles comprising lying . briefcases ! rivalling , testing audiometry lucked . vlagkra 80 % discount ! ! did you know that the normal cost for super vkiagra is $ 20 , per dose ? we are running a hot special ! ! today its only an amazing $ 3 . 00 shipped world wide ! take here . . . abbot ! threader , abuse montevideo whistlers . nozzle ! bellows , cleaving serial realign . fritz ! soured , avesta academia cable . nom 0 re mail ? enter here . . . tided ! examiner , redress frankfurt doorways . trill ! mealtime , hemlocks snatching attached .  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 24 , 2000 teco tap 72 . 922 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: tsunami disaster . ( read ) . mr chau joseph . the center , 99 , queen ' s road central , central , hong kong . e - mail : jos _ chau @ yahoo . com . hk dear friend , good day to you . i am mr . joseph chau of investment banking , union bank of china . on july 6 , 2004 , our client mr . irvin poot , a businessman , made a numbered fixed deposit for 6 ( six ) calendar months , with a value of us $ 20 . 5 m only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him and no response came from him . another notification was sent early march and still no response came from him . the bank officially sent two - man delegate to his residence in malaysia were he reside only to find out that the business mogul and his family perished in the tsunami disaster . after further investigations , it was also discovered that mr . irvin poot did not declare any next of kin in his official papers , including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he visited my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty million , five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to the laws of my country , at the expiration of one year ( 1 year ) the funds will revert to the ownership of hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to mr . irvin poot to enable you receive the funds . lets put heads together to see how we can transfer these funds out of hong kong and use it judiciously . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to mr . irvin poot , all that is require from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address including your direct phone and fax numbers for my attorney to commence his job . my attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the funds to be move to an account that will be provided by you . we are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents and no risk involve . note that sharing percentage is negotiable by the two parties . contact me on this email address with your full names , address , fax and telephone number jos _ chau @ yahoo . com . hk if you are interested and more details will be provided to you about the project . sincerely , chau joseph . 
2	Subject: revised availabilities for september 2000 and co - owner volumes revisions for sept . 2000 beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 08 / 29 / 2000 01 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " steve holmes " 08 / 29 / 2000 01 : 01 pm to : cc : subject : revised availabilities for september 2000 and co - owner volumes the attached shows revised availabilities and co - owner volumes for september 2000 . all revisions are highlighted . let me know of any questions you may have . steve - enronavailso 900 revol . xls - 0900 co - owners volumes to enron . xls 
2	Subject: now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis bro check out this awesome new product http : / / www . gretan . com / ss / there is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things . i dwell in possiblities . in anger we should refrain both from speech and action . every time you get angry , you poison your own system . what do i know about sex ? i ' m a married man . 
2	Subject: ease the pain sat , 18 dec 2004 19 : 18 : 29 - 0500 wholesale rx - http : / / snoop . lmffhmll . info / ? btdt 7 j 629 acjab 5 pare take a step into the future and join the millions of people already using rx meds online . best - prices in meds - most of our products priced 30 percent less than normal . no prior rx required - shipped - direct to your door . ya got to see this - http : / / ito . ljmflnjl . info / ? rdtpt 3 so _ 0 yfwrxtenet heterogamous hare clone no more adz , thanks : - http : / / gauleiter . lmffhmll . info / gallop ? btdt 7 j 629 acjab 5 arden  
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . roger @ gryphon . com . au 
2	Subject: power gtc louise : attached please find the gtcs for power ( with and without credit ) . please note that we are actually using the eei master agreement as the on - line contract , as opposed to the traditional gtcs . we were actually in the process of making this transition on eol this fall , and kevin presto and tim belden have endorsed netco ' s use of the eei on - line . please let me know if you have any questions or comments . leslie 
2	Subject: enron position . it has been our understanding ( credit area , both companies ) that enron must prepay for all its purchases including all forward positions ever since enron was downgraded to bbb minus . unfortunately for enron canada corp . , i cannot convince my board nor my bank to do otherwise . enron will still get interest from pre - payments that have not been used to pay for gas that has already been delivered and invoiced . with the above in mind , here is the current status : cad $ $ carried forward from yesterday 2 , 725 , 000 today ' s purchases ( 14 , 225 , 000 ) large part of which is dec gas today ' s wire 8 , 000 , 000 which incidentally has not arrived as yet balance ( short ) ( 3 , 500 , 000 ) jason , kindly * please followup with your treasury area to see where cad $ 8 mm is ? * please , for today ' s value date , arrange to send another cad $ 3 . 5 mm plus whatever $ $ your traders need for tomorrow ? * your calgary traders have another 30 tjs of room for day gas at time of writing this email ( purchases so far today 3 , 660 tjs ) . once the 30 tjs is filled , you will be halted . we thank you for your co - operation . kenny foo credit and risk manager ngx financial inc 140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330 calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3 ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737 fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719 
2	Subject: clickpaper now transactable clickpaper is now on the web with transactable prices . at 8 : 30 am tuesday the 25 th , we did our first trade , a 42 # linerboard trade ( the outside part of a cardboard box ) with con agra ( 13 , 500 tons and about $ 6 , 000 , 000 notional ) . we hope to do another trade today with irving as well . i am sure we will have a new list of bugs at the end of today but i think we are past the major issues . going forward ( next two to three weeks ) , we will be working to get the product offering from its current 21 financial to about 50 financial as well as adding in physical at rotterdam . we will also be ready to handle any newsprint from garden state at the end of august . we also have some text changes and minor programming related to wording on the site that is new or unclear to the industry . we will continue to push for registration ( currently at 12 who now have user id , password and made it through credit , legal , tax ) . the markets load in about 4 seconds now so we fixed the slowness issue . we will also start generating a report each day on stats that are relevant . i will try to get some read only ids for people but give me a little time to get this done . i want my tech people sitting with the traders this week showing them the system and making sure everything is working . they also need to go back through what they did the last month and make sure they clean up some steps . we will work on a press release to maybe go out mid to late august to coincide with a larger customer mailing , a few adds in industry publications , physical product and a complete suite of financial products . i would like to thank everyone who helped us get to this launched successfully . however , we all realize this is a beginning , not an ending , and that there is a significant amount of work still ahead . thanks . gp 
2	Subject: credit risk model comments - at this point . comments from rick jones on the credit reserve model . anita dupont is setting up a meet with rick jones to discuss these . vince & bill - if you want to join the meeting , please let me or anita know . regards , krishna . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 09 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard b jones @ ees 04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 16 pm to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit risk model comments - at this point . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard b jones / hou / ees on 04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard b jones 03 / 23 / 2001 05 : 53 pm to : cheryl lipshutz / hou / ees @ ees , trushar patel / corp / enron @ enron , michelle . wenz @ enron . com , gayle muench / enron @ enronxgate , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : credit risk model comments - at this point . hi everyone , i have run the model and , along with the contract briefs i have some questions the number of trials , numerical roundoff , and random number generator randomness statistical properties . the first two are not a problem in this application but the last one could be . has anyone examined the effect of using different random number generators on enron ' s aggregate credit risk ? 7 ) there is one last point here . for most of the above points , the " improved " analysis could make the credit risk be higher . rick 
2	Subject: logitech wireless mouse @ $ 16 . 90 wireless optical 3 - button scroll mouse limited stocks ! $ 16 . 90 cordless freedom with optical precision ! this logitech cordless optical mouse works on any surface with optical sensors that provide greater accuracy and no ball to clean . experience : cordless optical technology . with a comfortable shape that fits either hand . its cool - looking silver and blue profile will look great in your work and play environment . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: drive that new car today  
2	Subject: kirstee ' s role in london vince : this is precisely the concern i have for kirstee . steve tells me that she is very imaginative and eager to try to add value , but she has no local supervisor to help push some of her ideas . i will give you an update of our discussion later and solicit your suggestions . grant . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 07 / 25 / 2000 09 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kirstee hewitt 07 / 25 / 2000 08 : 48 am to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meeting today hi grant - as anjam has set up a meeting for 9 : 30 your time how about we try and talk afterwards . originally we said 10 : 00 your time but i guess that the mg meeting will take longer than half an hour . are you free around 10 : 30 your time ? i think some of the communication problems i originally had with anjam have been resolved ( although it was a difficult situation to interpret ) however , i would very much like to discuss the situation that i am in concerning my immediate management . i have felt that over the last month i have been floundering a little and have not really been able to turn to anyone in london for direction concerning var ( although as expected steve has been very helpful to give me an idea on how to proceed theoretically ) . i do have many of my own ideas although i think i need to obtain some kind of authority to start any substantial work . at the moment i feel like i am doing a lot of small things and am worried that at some stage someone is going to ask the question - what exactly does she do over there in research ? ? ? i have talked to rodrigo lamas ( rac model validation new hire ) and he has helped me to focus on some points i had already made . as a quick summary i have drawn up a memo which outlines some of the points i think need to be addressed as far as the var model is concerned ( i could do a similar memo for the credit reserve model but to start have focused my comments on market risk ) . it is a bit rough and ready ( pls excuse any appalling spelling mistakes ! ) but i think it will help you to see what i have been thinking about since i have been here . i do think that the most important issue is that concerning the origin of the vol / price curves and how they are constructed . cheers kirstee 
2	Subject: http : / / www . surfbuddies . net hello , i have visited www . surfbuddies . net and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron research group mr . yaralov : i want to apologize to you , i have had the flu and have been out of the office . would you be able to receive the call in the morning ( thursday , september 28 th ) at 8 : 30 am california time ( 10 : 30 am houston time ) ? we will call you at your home , 213 / 250 - 5424 . please let me know as soon as possible and i will arrange the interview . sincerest apologies ! shirley crenshaw " georgi yaralov " on 09 / 25 / 2000 06 : 51 : 45 pm to : cc : subject : re : telephone interview with the enron research group dear shirley crenshaw . unfortunately i did not get any response on my previous e - mail . i would like to find out if you want me to set up new time frames for the interview . please let me know . sincerely , georgi yaralov - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : sent : wednesday , september 20 , 2000 8 : 50 am subject : telephone interview with the enron research group > good morning mr . yaralov : > > your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski and the research group > with enron . they would like to schedule a telephone interview with you > at your convenience to see if there might be a fit somewhere within our > group . > > please let me know several time frames that might be acceptable to you > for this interview . > > the interviewers would be : > > stinson gibner ( before monday the 25 th ) vice president > grant masson ( after monday the 25 th ) vice president > zimin lu director > tanya tamarchenko director > vasant shanbhogue vice president > > > regards , > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research group > 713 - 853 - 5290 > email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com > > > 
2	Subject: re : re : workshop this is great news for me and even more so for icbi ( or the other way around . . ) . could you call me today before 11 . 30 p . m paris time or to - morrow between 3 and 5 . 30 p . m paris time ? i think i do not have the right numbers for you any more helyette 
2	Subject: save now * * * * * write down * * * * * hello , it is time to refinance ! your credit does not matter , we can approve anyone . now is the time to let some of the top mortgage companies in the country compete for your business . if you have good credit we will give you the most amazing rates available anywhere ! if you have poor credit , don ' t worry ! we can still refinance you with the most competitive rates in the industry ! let us put our expertise to work for you ! guaranteed ! http : / / 21377 @ www . top - lenders . com / app best , top - lenders erase  
2	Subject: 2 nd try - tw weekly estimate 10 - 6 - 00 sorry , on the first file , i sent i did not change the header at the top to read " october " . the numbers are the same ; however , the one attached here states " october " at the top . 
2	Subject: re : agenda agenda 9 : 00 a . m . introduction john lavorato / louise kitchen 9 : 45 a . m . financial overview wes colwell 10 : 30 a . m . risk overview rick buy / david port 11 : 00 a . m . credit bill bradford 11 : 30 a . m . back office sally beck / bob hall 12 : 30 p . m . systems ( enrononline ) jay webb 1 : 00 p . m . mid / back office systems jay webb 1 : 30 p . m . infrastructure jenny rub 2 : 00 p . m . hr david oxley - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 9 : 00 am to : schoppe , tammie subject : re : agenda i can ' t get attachments - please send text copy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: ews mid - year prc meeting we have scheduled the ews mid - year prc meeting to prerate vp ' s and to review the distribution of all groups below vp on july 10 , 2001 ( date is on your calendar ) . members of the committee will include office of the chairman from each ews business unit , and md ' s . for ea , in addition to the two of you , we are proposing the following md ' s attend : phillip allen tim belden chris calger joe deffner tim detmering dave duran joe kishkell rob milnthorp brian redmond please confirm your agreement with the above list , or let me know of any changes . i will then send out a notice to all . let me know if you have any questions . thanks sheila x 36628 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear sir / madam , results for third category draws protea games south africa wishes to inform you of the results of it ' s promotional draws held on the 5 th june 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your company , attached to ticket number 01 - 87 - 436 , with serial number 61 - 217 drew the lucky numbers 08 , 28 , 29 , 36 , 44 , 47 ( 31 ) , and consequently won in the third category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of us $ 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared between 2 international winners in the third category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with interscope finance group insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our mid year ( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to us $ 10 . 5 million , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . paul prescott , foreign department manager , interscope finance group . tel / fax : + 27 828675346 email : p _ prescottl @ . net for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than a week from the date of receipt of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent . reference number : pg 3 - bl batch number : gbh - 2 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , lottery coordinator protea games south africa 65 everson street , linden - 2104 , johannesburg , south africa . tel / fax : + 27 823622669 n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . ( terms and conditions apply ) e - mail poslan preko web servisa hrs - a - http : / / www . hamradio . hr  
2	Subject: longlasting erections new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 68 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: re : programming for rdi model michelle , the project is progressing . helen has done a great job , finding various flaws in the initial design ( ken ' s design ) of the access table , and has been going back and forth with ken to modify the table . since helen can ' t devote full time to this project , chris has hired a contractor , cecil stradford , to do the coding . i have spoken with cecil just now and he says no coding has been done yet . i am trying to arrange a meeting today with cecil , helen , christin ( the one who ' s overseeing coding process in cecil ' s company ) and myself . will report back to you on what is discussed in the meeting . best , alex 
2	Subject: well , try it hello , welcome to the medzonlin adulatory e - online ph hectogram armaceutical shop . v african a radiotelegraph umv dividend i r jaconet a piebald ci i oolite s playhouse li sniffy ag a chalet l andmanyother . with our sho deuteronomy p you get - best prlce thematic s e thitherto xcellent service fast s acclaim hipping private on woodlouse line ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: re : why now ? up to 70 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , levitra . . . and many more here to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : www . pleaze 2 teas . com / d / uout . php fourier ssw rhodes scrutiny nantucket hangmen johannes belvedere cardiod thoughtful ace soprano vandal saunders broken advise homebuilder ingestible stake fireside vehicular cop maelstrom bayou noise depose integrand mete darn brenda signor hostage cargill blind where ' re glum gratuity nugget doorkeep aureomycin trigram lying cougar ectopic trample cheekbone natty blameworthy greensboro assign geranium accomplice soothsayer weren ' t heir devote wedlock began banks cassette rural lawgiver sine ellipsoid gel lao murk barrier professional tirade stretch dyne counterflow demolition glaucous neonate leakage protector pewee playtime absinthe dieldrin greenbelt d dubitable bondholder clothe circumscribe abrasive bolshevist randy anglicanism hygrometer christ beauty hooligan please sanctify valparaiso bluish takeover faulty debater melissa vladivostok wrigley imprint ligget pistachio pinhead porterhouse aldermen conjoin loincloth shakespearian dampen decant plucky keno crow fortify steeplebush astoria elegiac debar bhoy summate remiss coalescent coronet dolan jeremiah phonology sean stash conquer ceq radiochemistry eskimo gmt dupont internecine spacecraft adulterate polk cathy doldrums decathlon workbook buzzard arcade homemake critique smithsonian wont nutrient vaughn bestir andromeda selfridge confiscatory dachshund chivalry collimate positive tissue durable bereave chalet hospice artistry idyllic frick actaeon impromptu bloodshot arbitrary ventricle trial votive blatant compacter concession bisexual hike stipulate levitt expositor cosine elliptic messy ruckus cluster erratic stronghold sepoy equanimity buckeye irretrievable catastrophic councilmen bambi bagley lineup dapple nominate kodachrome vacationland deplete nicholas abject mig phlox begetting gunfight bang fingernail nugatory robinson stockade caroline arboreal defecate precedent introversion mit cosmetic tel eccles punky hi cradle hawk daydream arcade ornament despot stricture jimmie bellum thirsty alfalfa chute cluster valery coven armenian bangle chigger stein hexagonal eggplant eastland spoilage cuny gradient pyknotic cord battery admitted castigate whitcomb advertise denebola dada 
2	Subject: re : agenda for ny mg metals visit i agree with vince . ideally , this visit would supplement rather than duplicate effort . however , on the front end , i would prefer a little overkill to underkill - especially with respect to the var process . i would defer to anjam / tanya ' s opinion as to what is necessary to get an initial comfort level . remember that this is the first cut , but it will need to be refined over time to the point where it is credible enough to force someone to take a position down based on the calculatiion . if this causes some heartburn please refer those people to me . ted vince j kaminski 07 / 14 / 2000 09 : 04 am to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit lloyd , speaking from experience , i think that it ' s critical for tanya and anjam to visit mg in new york and establish direct relationship with technical people . merging two risk management systems requires handling many very technical issues and face to face discussions between it and quants will be very helpful . vince from : lloyd fleming 07 / 14 / 2000 03 : 42 am to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit tanya , i think most of your queries can be dealt with on the phone - i ' ll be at mg with andreas today and we ' ll call you . most of these points have already been covered with anjam in any case . i ' m also attaching a file downloaded from mercur ( mg ' s risk aggregation system ) showing monthly total positions for each metal in each entity . you can fairly easily create tables and graph what you want to see . we can talk today about getting a full deal download . regards tanya tamarchenko 13 / 07 / 2000 22 : 45 to : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : agenda for ny mg metals visit hi andreas , here are the issues we would like to discuss on our thursday meeting in ny : 1 . inputs for options valuation , in particular the origins of volatility curves ; 2 . information on exotic options structures ( existing 3 . the data flow ( are we going to get data from london or ny ) . 4 a . storage of positions information at mg . how to extract the positions info from mg database into spreadsheets . 4 b . existing positions structure for each metal . 5 . introduction to concentrates trading business , key personnel . best regards , tanya & anjam 713 853 3997 
2	Subject: re : presentation will do - - thank you very much . dawn from : dawn scovill , event coordinator designs event consulting dawn @ perfectmeeting . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : cc : ; vince j kaminski ; sent : friday , march 17 , 2000 5 : 38 pm subject : re : presentation > > > david , > > i am leaving for vacation this weekend and i haven ' t received the copy of your > presentation yet . > the window during which i could make changes to my presentation is closing very > fast . let ' s > do the following : i shall keep my presentation as is ( this means that i shall > use the copy of my > presentation i sent to dawn scovill and you this week ) . if there is an overlap > between our presentations , so be it . > > dawn , please use the copy of my presentation i sent you earlier this week . > > vince > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 04 : 33 > pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > > vince j kaminski > 03 / 16 / 2000 08 : 02 am > > to : " dawn scovill " @ enron > cc : sobotkad @ kochind . com , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > subject : re : presentation ( document link : vince j kaminski ) > > dawn , > > i met david sobotka from koch this morning and we talked about coordinating our > presentations . > this means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps . sorry for that . the > portions of my presentation > will survive ( those about valuation paradigms ) and i shall add a few more pages > on accounting treatment of weather derivatives > plus more specific examples . david will cover primarily market evolution + plus > examples of some > standard structures , and we shall both give more interesting examples of > specific deals executed by our companies . > > i shall send you an updated version of my part next week . let me know what the > deadline is . > > vince > > > > " dawn scovill " on 03 / 14 / 2000 07 : 53 : 47 am > > to : " vince j kaminski " > cc : > subject : re : presentation > > > thanks - - would you like me to include these in the conference book ? or do > you anticipate changes ? > > dawn > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > from : dawn scovill , conference coordinator > " powerful new ideas 2000 " > dawn @ perfectmeeting . com > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince j kaminski > to : > cc : shirley crenshaw ; vince j kaminski > ; vince j kaminski > sent : monday , march 13 , 2000 1 : 56 pm > subject : presentation > > > > > > > > dawn , > > > > i am sending you an electronic version of my presentation . > > > > vince kaminski > > > > ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt ) > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: buy prescription medication from the comfort of your home ! your reliable source for prescription drugs without prescription a fault confessed is half redressed . a certain amount of danger is essential to the quality of life . we can lick gravity , but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelming . 
2	Subject: holiday daily position report reporting due to the thanksgiving holiday in the u . s . , the nymex and equity markets will be closed on thursday the 23 rd and the nymex will be closed on friday the 24 th . the consolidated dpr will report the 22 nd ' s data on monday the 27 th . additionally , the data for thursday and friday will be combined into one consolidated dpr and also reported on the 27 th . although the reporting for thursday the 23 rd and friday the 24 th are combined into one daily position report , violations will still be reported based on daily information . please continue to export your data as in the past . we will need the data for each day separated and not combined for thursday and friday due to the need to assess the information against limits . however , if your market is closed and there is no trading for the day , we do not need an export . please call me with any questions or comments x 39123 . 
2	Subject: will help your finances 3 . 48 % ug mi 8 plxlions oyf amelfricans alrea [ dfly re - financed ! fr 8 ee sepfrvice ! 3 . 48 % here our econozamy is doing great . r / ates ar \ e at 40 ye % ar lows . and so shg 8 ould you . . . now is the t $ ime to take advantage of the low ru 4 atevns and save thousands of dool ' lars . appclroval regardless of cr / edit history ! na 6 obody is turyned dowacn . j ; oi / n your nation and rtefinance hexhre ! hectic anywhere chunk moluccas southern bald caterpillar suffrage burlington corrupt chair robot an hardboard hershey oakland coloratura beaumont amsterdam amra french unison sultanate opel seder exclusive caucus separate nihilism drench scythia thousandfold blunder barstow deemphasize rescind alexei decline buteo godlike debby indoctrinate adsorption euler storehouse maul diverse flush zap moiseyev deemphasize plumage cannon affectation chaplaincy cartography dipole  
2	Subject: from ahmed yusuf from the desk of : ahmed yusuf chief legal officer . nigerian ports authority ( n . p . a ) private email : a _ yusuffl @ yahoo . com dear friend , i am the chief legal officer with the nigerian ports authority ( n . p . a ) and member of a 6 man presidential account review panel ( comprising 2 snr . staff of cbn and 3 snr . staff of the finance ministry set up by present civilian administration after just 3 rd quarter account review of this financial year 2005 . so far , we have come across a surplus of the sum of us $ 18 . 5 m . ( eighteen million five hundred united states dollars ) which accrued as a result of deliberate re - award of the drilling & reconstruction of tin - can port , a contract awarded by the past military government of rtd . general abdul salami abubakar . this contract has been already awarded , executed and the full contract amount disbursed to the rightful contractors upon the completion of the said contract . in spite of this fact , this contract sum keep re - appearing yearly for payment , by the government through our apex bank , which is the central bank of nigeria hence the emergence of this fund in question . what i want from you now , is that you stand as the beneficiary of this fund , which we ( my colleagues & my humble self ) have agreed to release to you as the beneficiary . do note that every documentation has been secured and all modalities have been put in place to secure this fund in your name as the contractor / beneficiary of this fund . for your assistance , you will get : 20 % of the total sum . 10 % for expenses during transaction . while 70 % for my colleagues and me . please notify me of your acceptance to carry out this transaction by contacting me through my private e - mail address a _ yusuffl @ yahoo . com and provide the details listed below . these details are needed from you : - full names . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . date of birth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . occupation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . marital status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . residential address . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . country . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . telephone / fax number . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . you are advised to send these details so we can commence immediately . i shall in turn inform you of the modalities for a formal application to secure the necessary approvals for the immediate release of this fund . finally , be informed that this transaction will only take ( 14 ) working days . also note that due to my privileged position i advise that you accord this transaction the utmost confidentiality that it deserves . best regards . ahmed yusuf 
2	Subject: ph ^ armacy get all yourpqlldy that and each base of the climb . mind thick thick mind base of the climb . each and that and base of the climb . mind m thickthat each b jjbxasd grko we have every ph ^ armaceutical product in our store all products are manufactured in u . s facilities for your safety ! super fast , safe and secure ordering ! g usha so come on in base of the climb . mind thick base of the climb . and each that thick each mind mind and base of the climb . mind thick each and thatq ymvwn zxmkz gpcfo iic thick each that mind base of the climb . and mind base of the climb . each and thick that base of the climb . mind thick base of the climb . and each each thick that that mind andy tnrhz clob mind base of the climb . each and thick that base of the climb . mind thick base of the climb . and each that thick each each mind and ? that mind and base of the climb . thick andm ouoqj gmkbe wtxkd thick and that mind each base of the climb . mind base of the climb . each and thick that that thick andz base of the climb . mind each thick and that mind base of the climb . base of the climb . mind base of the climb . each and thick that wei quiterio  
2	Subject: need a bigger tool click here to be removed  
2	Subject: management committee listing please let me know if you have any changes . thanks , joannie 3 - 1769 
2	Subject: weekend notes here are my notes , please let me know if you have any questions . weekend of august 26  ) 28 , 2000 saturday : ? celanese bayport meter 8018 was ramping back up . total nomination of 35 , 000 in mops was pathed  ) transmitted nom to pops and confirmed . ? costilla , meter 9687 was still down 4 , 000 due to wellhead production losses on friday , expected short into the first of the week , possibly longer , may need to fish the hole to bring the well back up . ? costilla pilgreen  ) running high h 2 s , causing our valve to shut - in 13 , 000 mm  , s ( we changed our specs at the valve to accept 8 parts per mil for 30 minutes last week , per jill zively ) . louis dreyfus was diverting the well to another pipeline , per the contract that gas has to come to us or be shut - in . we got the well back on saturday afternoon , and all was well . ? all meters were updated in pops for satuday  , s gas day . ? christy w / pg shell lost two units . also , seeing meter 1394 which dels to shell back down from 10 , 000 to 5 , 000 . ? patty called re : the epng cuts , found out late afternoon that they are pcc , pipeline capacity constraints , at the ivalerow meter into pg & e . ? joey stanton with duke called regarding some new production coming up . he wanted to sell it into hpl at lonestar / katy for sunday and monday . paged darren , we took the gas , it needs to be priced today . duke let me know that they would flow at a rate of 25 , 000 / hour , and should average approximately 12 - 15 , 000 for the day . mark mccoy is working on getting a good meter total from lonestar for sunday , we need to get the deal in sitara and confirm today ' s gas day as well . ? regarding pg & e , i do not have final cycle 4 numbers ( they come out around 9 pm on the gas day ) . all in all , it was a pretty good weekend , and an educational one . gas control did a great job communicating and assisting to resolve issues . please check all meters impacted to make sure that i pop  , d and mop  , d correctly . thank you , mary jane 
2	Subject: specal offer for wndows 2003 server standart brand new lega | software at affordable pr ! ces offlce x . p pro 20 o 2 ^ ^ ^ 60 doliars we also have : - corel word perfect office 2 oo 2 - ms works 7 - windows milienium more here . . . the offer is vaiid untlil february 14 th stock is | imited nice meeting you jacklyn pollard dyer virinova - - fast virus diagnostics / process control / diagnostic services / assay / test , burscheid , germany phone : 174 - 323 - 1415 mobile : 147 - 914 - 9212 email : jkkbeebzepow @ gauch . ch this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this download is a 92 day definite shareware notes : the contents of this paper is for manipulation and should not be veneer wire committing borne lucia time : sat , 05 feb 2005 01 : 51 : 41 - 0800 
2	Subject: fw : enron ' s departure from core business takes a toll on performance - - - - - original message - - - - - from : issuealert @ scientech . com [ mailto : issuealert @ scientech . com ] sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 1 : 36 pm to : issuealerthtml @ listserv . scientech . com subject : enron ' s departure from core business takes a toll on performance today ' s issuealert sponsors : scientech is currently interviewing 1 , 500 utilities on cis / crm and customer care in the united states and canada to determine : the leading software providers drivers of utility technology decisions analysis of license sales versus asp sales new market opportunities growing / shrinking software markets download a sample prospectus for an introduction to this new survey at : and contact jon brock at 505 - 244 - 7607 for more details . miss last week ? catch up on the latest deregulation , competition and restructuring developments in the energy industry with scientech ' s issueswatch october 22 , 2001 enron ' s departure from core business takes a toll on performance by will mcnamara director , electric industry analysis [ news item from reuters ] enron corp . ( nyse : ene ) stock sustained further heavy losses on october 19 as investor confidence in the former wall street favorite remained at a low ebb after it reported its first quarterly loss in over four years . the energy giant ' s stock was off $ 3 . 32 or 11 . 45 percent at $ 25 . 68 per share at mid - day trade on oct . 19 , making a cumulative loss of 28 percent for a week in which it reported a third - quarter loss of $ 638 million . as of early morning trading on oct . 22 , enron shares were priced at $ 21 . 99 , a reflection of new developments ( including a new securities and exchange inquiry ) that have caused uncertainty about the company among investors . analysis : enron ' s first financial report since the departure of former ceo jeffrey skilling in august has not done much to once again instill investor confidence in the company , which has experienced one of its most turbulent years in recent memory . while skilling cited personal reasons for his departure , many analysts suspected that a significant drop in enron ' s share price and financial losses in its diversified businesses also played a role . at the time of skilling ' s departure , enron ' s stock had tumbled to a 52 - week low . however , based on the new 3 q report , it now appears that enron ' s downward turn may be continuing despite the return of kenneth lay to the company ' s top spot . in essence , enron ' s financial problems have been caused by businesses that the company has established as a way to diversify from its core focus on wholesale power sales . it appears that enron is learning a costly lesson - namely that investors are not responding favorably to the company ' s innovation , especially if bottom line performance is in any way compromised . the road ahead may remain uncertain for enron , as a good number of unresolved issues and a new securities and exchange commission ( sec ) inquiry into financial dealings of its chief financial officer continue to overshadow the company . let ' s first establish the financial losses that enron has reported in the third quarter . as noted , as a whole the company reported $ 638 million in losses , after taking $ 1 . 01 billion in charges associated with several of its non - core businesses . when we break down the losses , it becomes clear that enron is struggling with its operations in three businesses : water , broadband and the retail power market . specifically , enron reported $ 287 million in charges from azurix , its water and wastewater business ; $ 180 million in charges related to the downsizing of its broadband operations ( including severance costs and losses on inventory sales and customer contracts ) ; and $ 544 million in what the company is calling " investment losses . " evidently , about half of the $ 544 - million figure is related to enron ' s investment in newpower company , the retail electricity and natural - gas provider that enron launched about two years ago with partners america online and ibm . enron owns 45 percent of newpower . in addition , enron ' s debt to total capitalization ratio reportedly will increase to about 50 percent , although lay says that pending asset sales may reduce that amount to 40 percent by the end of 2002 . however , it is important to note that enron ' s 3 q recurring net income ( before the write - offs ) did increase 35 percent to $ 393 million , or 43 cents a diluted share , and revenue in the quarter rose to $ 47 . 6 billion from $ 30 billion in 3 q 2000 . the losses associated with newpower are particularly interesting . as one of the leading investors in the company , enron drove newpower ' s aggressive business focus on retail residential power sales , despite ongoing concerns about the development of retail competition across the united states . newpower went public last year at an opening price of $ 21 , and in the early days of its initial public offering was trading above that price . however , the company ' s stock has experienced a devastating drop in value , and is currently priced at $ 1 . 25 . newpower is not scheduled to release its own 3 q financial statement until early november , but it is expected that the company will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future . specifically , newpower recently reiterated its earlier expectations of a 3 q loss of $ 65 million to $ 70 million , or $ 1 . 12 to $ 1 . 20 a share . third - quarter revenue reportedly will be slightly lower than the $ 60 million to $ 65 million that the company had forecast in august . in analyzing newpower ' s 2 q financial losses ( see issuealert from 8 / 8 / 01 at www . scientech . com / rci ) , i argued that the company is really struggling from a mix of positive and negative factors in its efforts to become the leading retail energy provider in residential and small business markets in the united states . on the positive side , newpower has recently secured a large number of new customer accounts , most significantly from its purchase of customers and related assets from aes corp . and dte energy . these purchases prompted an impressive growth spurt for newpower , and the company reportedly now has a customer base in 22 markets in 10 states . however , the bad news for newpower is that its losses continue to widen , apparently resulting from a combination of weather factors and financial hits absorbed in several of the states in which the company operates . this dichotomy does not appear to be getting any better , and the company ' s stock has continued to drop as a result . in an effort to alleviate some of its financial woes , newpower recently revised an existing master netting agreement with enron corp . and several of its subsidiaries . the revised agreement essentially lowers the amount of cash collateral that newpower is required to post to the enron subsidiaries through jan . 4 , 2002 . with the lowered financial obligations that it must make to enron , newpower believes that it will have sufficient financial resources to conduct its business in the near term until it secures ongoing asset - based financing . however , from enron ' s perspective , the losses associated with newpower ( and , by the same token , the losses in water and broadband ) have contributed to a steady drop in its own stock price . the message is clear : the businesses that enron plunged into as a way to diversify have tainted the company as a whole . further , what some analysts perceived as brash hubris on enron ' s part has not translated into measurable profits , and consequently wall street has reacted by sending enron ' s stock to a level that is about half of where it was a year ago . the individual sectors that enron has pursued are all unique , but they share the common denominator of taking enron away from what was a successful core business . further , they are similar in that enron aggressively sunk large sums of capital into new business lines for which it arguably had unrealistic expectations for growth . the problem with enron ' s bandwidth unit is that the company has faced an unanticipated excess of fiber - optic lines , which has prevented the demand for the division ' s services from materializing as anticipated . the problem with azurix , which has been losing money since its formation in 1998 , is that privatization of the water sector has not materialized as quickly as enron and other companies anticipated . in addition to these problem areas , enron also faces challenges related to its investments in india ( where it is locked into a legal battle with the state government ) and california ( from which enron has yet to receive full payment for previous power sales ) . in addition to the losses outlined in the 3 q report , there are new issues that are brewing at the start of this week . first , the sec has requested that enron provide information regarding " certain related party transactions . " not much additional information is presently available about this inquiry . however , it is probably connected to earlier reports about concerns related to the dealings of enron ' s chief financial officer andrew fastow , who up until very recently had run a limited partnership that bought assets from enron . ken lay has said that enron will cooperate fully with the sec ' s request . in a separate development , several mutual funds ( including aim constellation that once held large positions in enron ) have either liquidated or reduced their holdings in the company , which has further weakened enron ' s stock value . portfolio managers of the mutual funds have cited concerns about enron ' s ability to balance its new businesses with its core strength as an energy trader . the present challenge for enron is to convince investors that the company remains on solid ground despite the losses . thus , lay has been quick to reiterate that earnings from the company ' s energy and gas - pipeline business are still strong . further , lay says that the charges reported in the third quarter should be seen as a way to " clear away issues that have clouded the performance and earnings potential of our core energy businesses . " nevertheless , the fact remains that enron has invested huge amounts of money toward its diversification effort , and in addition to water and broadband the company has invested into the steel and pulp and paper sectors as well . thus , several questions remain at this juncture . are the losses reported in the third quarter only a temporary setback for enron that will clear the way for the company to return to a primary focus on its core business of energy trading ? or , will the losses continue into the fourth quarter and 2002 ? moving forward , will enron once again reshape its business model and eliminate the various businesses to which investors have reacted less than favorably ? only time will tell as the industry continues to watch the developments at enron , which is clearly a company in the midst of another wave of change . an archive list of previous issuealerts is available at www . scientech . com we encourage our readers to contact us with their comments . we look forward to hearing from you . nancy spring reach thousands of utility analysts and decision makers every day . your company can schedule a sponsorship of issuealert by contacting jane pelz . advertising opportunities are also available on our website . our staff is comprised of leading energy experts with diverse backgrounds in utility generation , transmission & distribution , retail markets , new technologies , i / t , renewable energy , regulatory affairs , community relations and international issues . contact consulting @ scientech . com or call nancy spring at 1 - 505 - 244 - 7613 . scientech is pleased to provide you with your free , daily issuealert . let us know if we can help you with in - depth analyses or any other scientech information products . if you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free , daily issuealerts , please reply to this e - mail and include their full name and e - mail address or register directly on our site . if you no longer wish to receive this daily e - mail , and you are currently a registered subscriber to issuealert via scientech ' s website , please visit to unsubscribe . otherwise , please send an e - mail to to issuealert , with " delete ia subscription " in the subject line . scientech ' s issuealerts ( sm ) are compiled based on the independent analysis of scientech consultants . the opinions expressed in scientech ' s issuealerts are not intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed , or to be the basis for investment decisions of any kind . scientech ' s sole purpose in publishing its issuealerts is to offer an independent perspective regarding the key events occurring in the energy industry , based on its long - standing reputation as an expert on energy issues . copyright 2001 . scientech , inc . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: hey there sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big bertie ringlet scotsman berlioz lubricate bicentennial brother geochemical skyscrape kinematic snakebird officio bimetallism sawyer krebs gluey participate ouzel tappet pocus greenwich connect ambrose rack postdoctoral fuselage preponderate lax weston barbarism happenstance vis preemptive algal creaky differential dip synopsis cunning aging stirrup showpiece arousal buttock atlantes peacemake sleety hendricks compression aug windbag way doorstep stubble musicology creole audition buenos shorthand bryozoa matrimony optoacoustic bimini cougar apace hunter prospectus metallic mulligan therapy elegy amnesia lunchroom verbiage shirt incoherent spearmint bodybuilding vagina dunkirk myriad cyanamid abort bribe raytheon sulfuric out patton sedan henderson serfdom wastrel foxglove bloom consult covary hollowware irrepressible cherry afternoon catastrophic clan gullet assignation doesn ' t lester albeit gumbo baronial boolean chaperon phonon calculus informative stratagem kennedy acceptant inhospitable library amort cone schlieren thundershower celtic chinquapin fit bookshelves isopleth removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : nom / actual volume for april 17 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 04 / 18 / 2001 10 : 48 : 19 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / actual volume for april 17 th nom mcf mmbtu 50 , 000 48 , 264 49 , 568 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: re : deal 338634 meter 985077 daren , this has not yet shown up in unify . did you use the same deal ticket ? daren j farmer @ ect 03 / 20 / 2001 10 : 53 am to : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : deal 338634 meter 985077 done . michael olsen @ enron 03 / 20 / 2001 10 : 48 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : deal 338634 meter 985077 the above deal was in the system for 7 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 00 . we have had continued flow on the following dates . . . 1 / 4 / 01 to 1 / 8 / 01 1 / 29 / 01 2 / 7 / 01 to 2 / 28 / 01 the total flow has been 2804 . can this deal be extended to cover the january and february flow ?  
2	Subject: michael hockenbery sally , attached is a resume for a director level candidate formerly of azurix . do you have any staffing needs at the director + level michael could possibly fit ? ar / 33202 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alexus rhone / corp / enron on 02 / 24 / 2000 12 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - linda ng @ ect on 02 / 23 / 2000 06 : 08 : 32 pm to : tony vasut / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect , tom hermanek / hou / ees @ ees , alexus rhone / corp / enron @ enron cc : osmdirector @ yahoo . com subject : michael hockenbery all : attached please find the resume of michael hockenberry , formerly of azurix . michael was surplus from azurix 1 / 30 / 00 . he is interested in a new position with enron , either in houston or portland or any of it ' s other offices . please review his resume and let me know if there is a fit for your areas . thanks for your help . 
2	Subject: fyi - calpine announces new texas power sales contracts ; earningsvisibili ty enhanced - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ] sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 12 : 31 pm to : undisclosed - recipients subject : cpn : announces new texas power sales contracts ; earningsvisibili ty enhanced good afternoon : attached , please find our recent fc note on calpine . > summary 1 ) we reiterate our strong buy rating on calpine . over the last 2 days , the company has announced a number of significant power sales agreements associated with its texas capacity . 2 ) on july 17 , cpn announced that it had entered into 2 agreements with reliant energy services to provide 1 , 000 mw of power over a 5 year period . on july 18 , cpn announced an agreement with shell oil to provide up to 3 , 000 mw of power , also over a 5 year period . all the contracts commence on january 1 , 2002 , which coincides with the beginning of retail competition in texas . 3 ) other details relating to pricing and contract structure were not disclosed . 4 ) in texas , cpn currently owns 2 , 337 mw capacity in operation , 3 , 786 mw under construction and 1 , 007 mw under development . 5 ) importantly , as a result of these announcements and other recent agreements , calpine ' s texas capacity is now 85 % sold forward for the next 2 years . overall , this hedged position gives us additional comfort in cpn ' s ability to meet or exceed our 2001 - 2003 eps estimates of $ 1 . 94 , $ 2 . 35 and $ 3 . 08 , respectively . 6 ) some investors have expressed concern about calpine ' s exposure to potential overbuilding in the texas market . cpn ' s recent contract announcements should reassure investors that the company is actively taking steps to manage and minimize its market price risk in this region . regards , neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217 bryan sifert 212 / 325 - 3906 this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission . if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute , print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state them to be the views of any such entity . unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to deal at any price quoted . any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation . 
2	Subject: high - class prescripiton medications twaddle recumbent superannuate are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now frontal eyeglass mural lyman abbas fcc  
2	Subject: title stuff louise , just not to leave this item pending . you asked me to talk to steve and think about a differen ttitle . . . after hours of deliberation , i propose to you that we keep the regular us title ( director ) , and we avoid any confusion . in terms of our customers i ' ll just tell them i am director for the monterrey office . let me know if you are ok so i can immediately correct my business cards . thanks and have agood weekend . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketinq toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: paliourg , best meedication for you ! thinking of driving in that condition , sir ? courage is not the absence of fear , but the conquest of it . paliourg , looking for a place to shop for medicatilcon ? cheap viagrxea and cialdjis . quick weight ( unrendered countercampaign ) loss and antidepressant medicatijcon ! best offers on valiutwm and xanaqvx . best deals , 80 pncreet off ! we ship wrldowideyour easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / www . rerctf . com / dl 3 / index . php ? id  dl 3 you are absolutely anonymous ! they talk of the dignity of work . the dignity is in leisure . her hat is a creation that will never go out of style it will just look ridiculous year after year . 
2	Subject: xp pro $ 5 o ; adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o . office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 : office 2003 $ 8 o upon man fourth cheap softtwares for you , all are original genuine ! major titles from micros 0 ft and adobe for rock bottom prriicegreat bargaain sale ! variety discoount softtwares at wholesale chaeap pricing ! microsoft windows xp professional - my price : $ 50 ; normal : $ 299 . 00 ; you saave $ 249 . 00 adobe photoshop cs v 8 . o pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 609 . 99 ; you save $ 529 . 99 microsoft office xp professional - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 399 . 95 adobe acrobaat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 microsoft office 2 oo 3 professional - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 419 . 95 norton antivirus 2 oo 4 professional - my price : $ 15 ; normal : $ 69 . 95 ; you saave $ 54 . 95 coreldraw graphics suite v 12 pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 349 . 95 ; you saave $ 249 . 95 adobe pagemaker v 7 . o pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 599 . 95 ; you saave $ 519 . 95 & many more titles we do have full range softwares - - macromedia , mc - afeee , adobee , coreldraw , microsoft , nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , redhat , riverdeep , roxio , symaantec , 321 studio 52 more popular titles for you > > cliickk here for 52 more titles we shiip to all countries including africa , finland & etc . . as where u located super cheaep micros 0 ft , adobe & all kinds . . cliickk here to enjoy our superb discounnt ! take me down  
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte will make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your company will automaticaliy become a world leader : it isquite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 hi guys , please do me and bob fisher in the transport settlements group a huge favor . . . . . . please let us know when the txu / lonestar transport deals for tenaska iv texas partners have been entered into path manager ( for september 2000 ) . i am holding the transport invoice from txu / lonestar for september 2000 . . . . waiting to enter the " actuals " into our system for payment . thanks , kathy : ) 
2	Subject: sale to el paso merchant for 4 / 00 stacey , settlements has brought an invoice to zero out a sale of 10 , 000 mmbtu to el paso merchant energy for 4 / 20 / 00 on pgev . there are 2 packages of 5000 deal numbers 247426 and 247583 on the market side and deal 247676 on the supply side . these are hplc brokered deal on pgev that are buying and selling the same 10 , 000 to el paso merchant energy . the purchase and sale price is the same $ 3 . 02 . i do not know the intent of these deals so i am hesitant to just zero out the volume . will you let me know if that is okay ? 
2	Subject: contracts address list louise : at mary cook ' s request , we have prepared , and attach for your review , an address list for our top 20 trading counterparties . please note that we do not have contact information for the following counterparties : bp corporation north america inc . - physical gas entergy - koch - physical power txu energy trading company - financial if you can provide us with contact information , we can include it in the attached list . mary asked that you provide us with any changes / additions by 12 : 00 on wednesday , january 2 . please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else . thanks ! marie marie heard senior legal specialist enron north america corp . phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3907 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 marie . heard @ enron . com 
2	Subject: payless for office xp professional christmass s @ le - wlndows x ' p home we have everything ! windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . 50 adobe photosh 0 p 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 micros 0 ft office xp pro 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 see our complete list . . . your account is terminated marcus frank waiter clemente associates inc , madison , ct 06443 , united states of america phone : 374 - 182 - 1763 mobile : 779 - 775 - 7448 email : eudtckvc @ basecom . br this is a confirmation message this shareware is a 442219532 [ 1 
2	Subject: re : erc vehicle no . i can fill you in later but there is no financeable value to the ercs . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: change to tenaska iv volume daren - - fyi i changed the volume of the tenaska iv deal 384258 to reflect the correct fuel amount , it was less fuel because some of the supply was from the katy area . . . . . new sale total of 36 , 286 ( after 8 , 406 removed for brazos ) 
2	Subject: experience more powerful orgasms are you happy about your size and sexual performance ? http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / a penny saved is a penny earned . about the time we can make ends meet , somebody moves the ends . the higher the buildings , the lower the morals . friends are born , not made . so many men so many questions . ( quot homines tot sententiae ) 
2	Subject: reality television auditions realitytvauditions is currently searching for candidates to audition for existing and newly created reality television shows , game shows and movie roles . we are auditioning the next series of contestants for such reality series as the amazing race , the apprentice , survivor , american idol , fear factor , and many more . we are also auditioning for game shows such as who wants to be a millionaire , wheel of fortune , jeopardy , etc . if auditioning for these or many other programs is of interest to you please visit our website at http : / / www . realitytvauditions . tv for details and to view the complete list of available reality television shows , dating shows , talent shows and game shows . television networks , television production studios and major motion picture studios are constantly searching for people from all walks of life to participate in their programs individuals , couples , families and teams . in some cases we require beautiful and talented individuals . in most cases , however , we need to audition and cast everyday normal americans who have a strong desire to be reality tv or game show contestants . if youre interested in being a reality tv or game show contestant were interested in auditioning and possibly casting you for available roles . if you have any questions please e - mail us at info @ realitytvauditions . tv sincerely , simone j . lett vice president , auditions casting services realitytvauditions website : http : / / www . realitytvauditions . tv email : info @ realitytvauditions . tv this message is sent to you in compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . footer also includes the sender ' s information . quantum international 5985 s . university dr . # 138 davie , florida 33328 to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with rem in the subject line .  
2	Subject: just to her . . . you are not allowed to post to this mailing list , and your message has been automatically rejected . if you think that your messages are being rejected in error , contact the mailing list owner at die _ spammer _ die - owner @ rockycrater . org . 
2	Subject: hey man - give it a try her sister is fat v . i , o . x * x 25 m ' g 3 o pills 72 . 5 o v . 1 . a , g * r * a 10 o m * g 32 pills 149 . 0 o c . 1 . a , l . 1 ' s 2 o m ' g 10 pi | | s 79 . 0 o get it quickly : http : / / faztsitez . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x , a * n . a . x 1 m , g 3 o p ! lis 79 . 0 o p , r . 0 , z , a * c 2 o m . g 30 p ! | ls 11 o . oo p * a , x , 1 . l 2 o m . g 2 o pilis 155 . 0 o m , e , r ' i , d . i . a 10 m . g 3 o p ! lls 147 . 0 o check out your details nanette cowan poet  acid ( tcca ) , 274600 , china phone : 333 - 865 - 4187 mobile : 185 - 724 - 1718 email : spldtxjvbhcnv @ worldmailer . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this software is a 81 second complementary product notes : the contents of this e - mail is for comprehension and should not be colosseum dealt sib hyperbolic argus time : thu , 16 dec 2004 06 : 57 : 08 + 0200 
2	Subject: delayed sticker shock : managing the surge in residential natural gas costs this winter - cera decision brief note : cera is now saying that prices are going to remain at high levels through 2003 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 11 / 20 / 2000 09 : 04 : 21 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : delayed sticker shock : managing the surge in residential natural gas costs this winter - cera decision brief cera decision brief : sent mon , november 20 , 2000 title : delayed sticker shock : managing the surge in residential natural gas costs this winter author : sanderson , robinson , behrens e - mail category : decision brief product line : north american gas , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1421 , alternative url : natural gas report - - residential gas costs rising residential costs for gas will rise this winter as the wholesale cost of natural gas has doubled since last year . local distribution companies will feel opposing pressures of reducing the impact on customers , while recouping their costs . * this is not a one - year phenomenon . wholesale prices are expected to remain high through 2003 . * rising gas prices were previously overshadowed by high heating oil costs , but the spotlight will soon turn to gas as residential prices could rise by 50 percent or more . * * end * * follow url for compete report . cera ' s autumn 2000 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www . cera . com / event account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: re : piae , when things quieted free cable % rnd _ syb tv extensor specular placeable prone zircon girlish spunk impulsive nolo clown danubian geoduck pollution yeast virginia brunswick elm nihilist handicraftsmen laurie anastigmat chickweed perfidy papaw psychotherapeutic burlesque blake authentic dynamic potassium xerox indent difficulty heel heresy logic patroness deflate atypic neuroanatomy oxalate limbo cottonseed anthracnose leasehold malicious reason critter continue paleolithic uplift tabula allotted absorbent bib reddish silhouette carthaginian injunction orthodontic get creep  
2	Subject: unique logo design ! ( 1101111 ) npg our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a prof essional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / bohr . com . easycds . biz sincerely , logo design team deficit cain batik 
2	Subject: bp red rock contract fyi in bp energy ' s red rock contract # 27609 , bp has certain termination rights if tw defaults on certain obligations . so that everyone is aware of the rights and obligations of both parties , they are stated below . transwestern must certify to bp by december 31 , 2001 or such date as the parties may agree upon , that transwestern has received acceptable licenses , permits ( except air permits ) , approvals , right - of - way interests and utilities for construction and operation of the red rock expansion . if this condition is not met , or otherwise waived by the parties , bp shall have the right upon thirty ( 30 ) days prior written notice , exercised no later than sixty ( 60 ) days after december 31 , 2001 to terminate the agreement . transwestern must certify to bp by march 31 , 2002 that transwestern has received acceptable air permits . if this condition is not met , or otherwise waived by the parties , bp shall have the right upon thirty ( 30 ) days prior written notice , exercised no later than sixty ( 60 ) days after march 31 , 2002 to terminate the agreement . lorraine 
2	Subject: citigroup just talked to leslie reeves about the meeting today . did i miss something ? did we ever talk about a presentation around readiness for a january 20 th implimetation ? maybe i missed something or it went to the other bob hall . after the holidays , i would like to get in your calendar and discuss how operations gets included more upfront . thanks bob 
2	Subject: re : turbine meeting i ' ll just continue to solicit feedback from brett , chris and ben every two weeks before we circulate the turbine report . if a meeting is ever scheduled , i would have an interest participating . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 1 : 34 pm to : schneider , chip subject : re : turbine meeting we haven ' t really had one yet . the answer is simple - we are trying to sell all of them and pushing as hard as possible . no luck so far apart from virgo selling the steam turbine . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schneider , chip sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 4 : 18 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : turbine meeting louise , so i can make our turbine position report as accurate as possible , may i join you , chris , brett and ben for the turbine meeting scheduled for later this week ? i also want to better understand some of the issues surrounding the various pieces of equipment so i relay this to rick buy prior to the bod meeting . regards , chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 3 ac 1418 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : hellnet @ serverl 6 . hostpoint . ch ( generated from distinctlybio @ hellnet . ch ) disc quota exceeded : mailbox is full : retry timeout exceeded - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 220 . 184 . 181 . 141 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by serverl 6 . hostpoint . ch with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 ( freebsd ) ) id ldupo 3 - 0007 kh - f 5 for distinctlybio @ hellnet . ch ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 58 : 38 + 0200 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38190563 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : distinctlybio @ hellnet . ch user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: online health help too much to deal with lately ? , while searching google i found a great website that offers quality generic and brand name me - dications at very affordable prices . shipping is even faster than ever right to your doorstep . promised savings up to 80 % off all prescription drugs . today americans pay out over 20 billion dollars yearly in medication costs . not including doctor fees . the tragedy is that most can not afford to pay these ridiculously high prices . we deliver the same quality drugs you are used to buying from your local pharmacy . the real difference is you don ' t have to see a doctor and you can save tons of money and start saving for more important things in your life . feel free to take a look at what could help you greatly . thank you for your time . http : / / wowhealth . info / in . php ? aid  19 enjoy the holiday season , amparo peterson | member assistance this isn ' t something i ' m interested in recieving - http : / / bigtabl . info / fgh . php 
2	Subject: meeting with peoples energy corporation i wanted to thank each of you for your time today . tom said to extend his thanks and apologize for his limited time . tom continues to be very enamored with our organization and a tremendous advertisement for enron ' s success with a significant gas customer . thank you . . . laura 
2	Subject: further actions on anjam ' s departure hi mel further to our earlier discussions here ' s the full list of actions we ' d like to put into place regarding anjam ' s departure : hr - type stuff : 1 . get anjam off the trading floor as soon as possible . there is no need for him to remain on the floor . this will need to be delayed until it number 1 is completed ( cataloguing his work ) . 2 . determine where anjam is heading . we need to know who is going to know our positions and curves next . 3 . remove his security pass , and insist that he is always accompanied when in the building . sharad is to sit with him while he catalogues his work . it - type stuff : 1 . ask him to catalogue the contents of his h : drive , since the rest of the group will need to support his work in the future . this should take no more than a day or two . 2 . get it to obtain their backups of anjam ' s h : drive for weekly intervals over the last two months . this will allow us to determine what he has deleted . 3 . get it to provide a snapshot of anjam ' s notes folders , and provide records of mail sent out to the internet over the last couple of months . i ' m worried about code / data he may have zipped up and mailed out . 4 . ask it to use a utility program to determine what has been deleted from anjam ' s c : drives . there may be useful info here too . 5 . revoke all internet access , whether via explorer or notes mail . 6 . get a record of all files he has printed over the last couple of months . vince has ok ' d this lot , so let ' s do it asap . many thanks , steve 
2	Subject: opportunities sally , thanks for taking the time to meet with me today and telling me about the exciting opportunities you have at north america . i reviewed the presentation that you gave me and found myself already thinking about how to make it happen . i would very much like to work with you to make this a reality . attached is a copy of my resume . i look forward to continuing our discussions next week . gay gay mayeux vice president , enron broadband services physical location : 1400 smith street eb 4620 houston , tx 77002 email : gay _ mayeux @ enron . net office : ( 713 ) 853 - 9905 cell : ( 713 ) 416 - 8821 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5737 
2	Subject: october deals daren , i have 2 allocation exceptions that require a deal to be extended . meter 98 - 1488 tenaska is showing small volumes flowed on days there was no deal . can you extend the deal throughout the month so that the volumes will have a deal to link to . i have the same situation on meter 98 - 1601 . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks , susan 
2	Subject: important message jaguar are anaerobic is brute ofclose stroboscopic your bookstore is aliphatic and libation depressant in chlordane is cheryl of roadster benefit your petrology is prolong are asheville are you a qualified professional but simply lack the requested credentials after your name ? you know you deserve a better salary , more prestige but lack the degree qualifications even though you have the life ' s knowledge and the abilities requested in today ' s world ? tired of being turned down because you do not have a college background ? we can help you today . alternative educational backgrounds based upon your employment experiences and the ability . our program is designed to further your career , income and provide for both you and your loved ones ! call now and one of our representatives will assist you and the loved ones , which matter to you ! 1 - 501 - 632 - 2606 bugging is impractical of prepare in divestiture kaleidoscope in western if barycentric areaspirate ramo of benefice and desuetude in society warmish are adjoint of indigestible in chateau  
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host relayl . netspace . net . au . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program : host mail - in . netspace . net . au [ 210 . 15 . 254 . 248 ] said : 550 : recipient address rejected : gperkes @ netspace . net . au has expired ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: re : baylor - enron case study cindy , yes , i shall co - author this paper and i have planted the idea in john martin ' s head . vince from : cindy derecskey @ enron on 10 / 25 / 2000 11 : 38 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : baylor - enron case study vince , i forgot to inquire whether you would also like to be present during the interview process with john martin and ken , jeff and andy ? let me know . . . . thanks , cindy 
2	Subject: request for natural gas technical analysis - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patricia tlapek / hou / ect on 09 / 03 / 2000 10 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tim mckone @ enron 08 / 30 / 2000 10 : 21 am to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , anna santucci / na / enron @ enron subject : request for natural gas technical analysis hello mike , i work in rodney malcolm ' s commercial transaction group , focusing on developing energy management relationships with large volume industrial energy consumers . due to the volatility and high price levels of the natural gas contract , these consumers of natural gas are extremely concerned about this exposure , and they are asking for our assistance in helping them manage this exposure . one of the tools that these customers are requesting is technical analysis of the natural gas contract so as to determine entry points for their hedges . to the extent you could assist us with this analysis , we can proactively meet these customer requests and increase our deal flow . please advise as to the availability of your assistance . thank you , tim 
2	Subject: marylou , the religious man fears , the man of honor scorns , to do an ill action few things are impossible to diligence and skill . optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress .  
2	Subject: clean up tammie , many of the desks on 5 & 6 have items in / on them that need to be boxed up and labeled and put in storage . we need to have them cleaned up prior to moving new people to these locations asap . can you please help identify a task force ? thanks , tammy 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 3 / 19 / 01 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 20 / 2001 10 : 05 : 59 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 3 / 19 / 01 date nom mcf mmbtu 3 / 19 / 01 60 , 000 59 , 944 61 , 562 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: drop fat quick body wrap at home to lose 6 - 20 inches in one hour . with bodywrap we guarantee : you ' ll lose 6 - 8 inches in one hour 100 % satisfaction or your money back bodywrap is soothing formula that contours , cleanses and rejuvenates your body while reducing inches . learn more bindery ineluctable delano difluoride spector squeal wafer cotta cerium peaky dichotomize operant baseboard consanguine wither dale befuddle coneflower flipflop idempotent connector caliphate biennial ceremony chevy incubus radiology sclerotic radiogram coauthor horology silty gyro mesquite dadaism islamic barrage bumptious necrotic brontosaurus vertebrate odin revenue thy  
2	Subject: hl & p february premlinary flow numbers attached are the february preliminary numbers . . . . . janet , for march 1 , i have confirmed 3 , 000 3 rd party at the san jac meter ( 1554 ) . . . thank you ! 
2	Subject: investment offer from joseph otisa investment offer from joseph otisa compliments of the season , my name is mr . joseph otisa , the branch manager of allstates trust bank of nigeria plc lagos state branch . i am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my bank ( mr . wahab daniel ) with account number ats 1022002 - 109 who perished with his family in an auto crash in abuja expresway , in nigeria , on the 30 th of november 2000 . since the demise of mr . daniel , i personally have watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds of usd 23 m , twenty - three million , united states dollars ] has been with our bank here for a very long time , which has accumulated some interest . on this note i decided to seek for you , your name shall be used as the next of kin , as no one has come up to put claim as the next of kin to this funds and the banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than five years , becuase after five years the money will be called back to the bank treasury as unclaimed bill . . i am convinced in my mind that your name could be used as the next of kin to this claim . the request of the foreigner as a next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was foreigner and a nigerian cannot stand as the next of kin to a foreigner . i have agreed to share this money with you in the mutual understanding of 70 % / 30 % . you keep 30 % while i keep 70 % , thereafter i will visit your country , for disbursement as i am almost due for retirement . therefore to endeavour the immediate transfer of this funds to your account , you have to apply first to the bank as the next of kin to the deceased indicating by sending an application and location where the money will be remitted . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is hitch free and that you should not entertain any fear as the whole required arrangement as been perfected for the transfer . i want to make you this offer , ( joeoti 7 @ box . az ) this is my private email address do not hesitate to reply me through this email address if you are interested . kind regards . the people ' s choice chat directory . . . only the best , most informative and interesting chatrooms listed . chat , personals , free email and more ! http : / / www . chatterhead . net 
2	Subject: matlab at enron hello vince : i ' m the territory manager for the mathworks , we develop matlab technical software . we ' ve recently developed tools well suited for energy trading industry . enron has used our products in the past , but all of those end - users have left enron . risk management and research groups at southern energy , txu , dynegy , el paso energy , koch , calpine , reliant and others have recently started using our products in the following ways . 1 . create sophisticated option pricing models , risk analysis models , and stress analysis models . creating gui front ends for the end - users . 2 . pull in data from odbc , corba , and sas databases to evaluate . 3 . visualize the results and quantify the solution . 4 . compile these models and distribute these applications to their traders , analysists and managers with no distribution costs . who should i contact at your company to discuss enron ' s situation to see if our can help enron as it has with our other energy customers ? thank you for your time and help .                                   scott wakefield the mathworks , inc . phone : ( 508 ) 647 - 7282 fax : ( 508 ) 647 - 4275 e - mail : swakefield @ mathworks . com http : / / www . mathworks . com                                   matlab news group : news : comp . soft - sys . matlab                                   visit the new mathworks store and buy matlab , simulink and all of our products online http : / / www . mathworks . com / store / 
2	Subject: position manager for 08 / 08 / 01 chris , i put a buy resale deal in enpower under your book for 274 mw on peak today . if for some reason it does not relate to you please inform us so we can research it a little bit further . the deal number is 724362 . thanks , bert meyers 
2	Subject: 29 th changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 28 / 2000 11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 28 / 2000 10 : 56 : 05 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : 29 th changes the gas we moved over the weekend @ exxon katy . we moved 5 , 000 from midcon and 5 , 000 from hpl to tejas . for the 29 th we need to move that 10 , 000 from tejas to midcon k # 101574 . thanks 
2	Subject: re : ees louise , i am working on refining the list and obtaining more detail . when you say " names " , do you want names of companies , names of ena reps or names of people at the companies ? dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 11 : 02 am to : forster , david subject : re : ees not really enough detail on specific areas where they are crossing territory . we know they are talking to munis but are they talking to utilities ? we need names etc . split the list into areas industrials in our sic codes utilities munis thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : wednesday , october 17 , 2001 11 : 13 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : ees louise , attached is the list i have collected so far . please let me know if this is what you need . i think the attached substantiates two issues : 1 ) ees is approaching utilities and other wholesale entities ( and they are being quite up - front about this ) 2 ) ees is approaching industrials which fall within ena sic codes . dave > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 9 : 12 am to : forster , david subject : re : ees get the specifics we are organizing a meeting - need written examples - could you pleae co - ordinate a full list across gas and power . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 9 : 09 am to : kitchen , louise subject : ees examples of ees working in ena territory seem to keep coming . anything further on this ? dave 
2	Subject: super serrvice hello , welcome to p cretinism harmonline sho patternmaker p - one of the sponger leading oniine pharmaceutical shops brilliancy v demigod g a tricky l courtliness ll l discourteous a bereave ra annulate cl i anxiously s amusing va complexioned um andmanyother . - save ov socially er 50 % - worldwide shlp unachievable plng - total conf acclivous identiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers mercurial in 130 countries have a stupefy nice day ! 
2	Subject: xxx dating amatuer match id : katherine 28 age : 23 measurement : 36 28 36 status : married fantasy : suck off a complete stranger , and swallow his load . favorite sexual position : licking dick to accept this invitation and register for your account , visit http : / / www . swingermatchusa . com / ck . html ztop mail  
2	Subject: organizational changes we are making a number of significant organizational changes . these changes are intended to accomplish four key objectives : first , we need to realign all our wholesale businesses around the successful business model developed over the last decade in north america and europe . this model relies on extensive physical and transactional networks built around a relatively small strategic asset position . second , we need to significantly streamline corporate reporting relationships . particularly with joe sutton  , s departure , the ability to directly manage the day - to - day activities of 15 independent business units has become increasingly difficult . third , we need to accomplish these changes without , in any way , compromising the ongoing profitability of all our businesses and without delaying or hindering our effort to monetize a significant portion of our lower - yielding asset positions . and fourth , as always , we need to take advantage of the reorganization to redeploy our talent into our highest value opportunities . enron wholesale services today , we are forming enron wholesale services ( ews ) which will consolidate our global wholesale businesses . the closer alignment of our wholesale businesses will accomplish the following : ( 1 ) enhanced communication and coordination across business units , ( 2 ) more rapid deployment of people to higher valued opportunities , ( 3 ) more effective prioritization of opportunities across the wholesale business , and ( 4 ) more rapid extension of enron  , s wholesale business model and capabilities into new industries and markets . enron wholesale services will include our current north american , european ( including japan and australia ) , global markets , and industrial markets operations , and will be expanded to include enron  , s net works business unit as well as a new unit  ) enron global assets . in addition , enron  , s merchant businesses outside of north america and europe will be integrated into this new structure as described below . mark frevert , currently chairman of each of our wholesale units , will assume the role of chairman and ceo of enron wholesale services . greg whalley , currently chairman and ceo of enron net works , will join mark in the office of the chairman as president and chief operating officer . providing further impetus for these organizational changes , several of our international business unit leaders have elected to move into new leadership positions : rebecca mcdonald , currently ceo of enron apachi , will join ews as president and ceo of enron global assets . enron global assets will have responsibility for managing all of enron  , s existing energy asset portfolio outside of north america and europe . joining rebecca in the office of the chairman as coo will be jim hughes , currently coo of enron apachi . rebecca and jim will report to the ews office of the chairman . sanjay bhatnagar , currently ceo of enron india , has joined ebs as ceo for the middle east and asia region . sanjay will be responsible for building our broadband business in this region and the current ebs team in this region will report to sanjay . in this role , sanjay will report to the ebs office of the chairman . in addition , sanjay will continue to remain responsible for enron  , s wholesale energy business in india and will transition this business into enron global assets in the near future . diomedes christodoulou , currently co - ceo of enron south america , has joined ebs as chief commercial officer . diomedes will be located in london and will focus his origination activities on global opportunities , with near term attention to the wholesale and enterprise sectors . diomedes will report to the ebs office of the chairman . jim bannantine , currently co - ceo of enron south america , will be joining ees to lead ees  , commercial efforts outside north america and europe . in order to ensure a smooth transition for our south american businesses and to facilitate our asset sales activities , jim will remain in south america for at least the next several months and continue to serve as ceo of enron south america . throughout the transition , jim will report to cliff baxter and to the office of the chairman of enron wholesale services . following the transition , jim will join ees . in addition to these changes in our international asset operations activities , we are making the following changes in our merchant wholesale businesses and the commercial support functions : enron net works louise kitchen will assume greg  , s previous responsibilities as president and ceo of enron net works , reporting into mark and greg . enron americas concurrent with the transfer to enron global assets of responsibility for operating enron  , s south and central america asset base , all trading , marketing , and new asset development activities in these regions will report into a new entity , enron americas . enron americas will have responsibility for all wholesale merchant businesses across north , central and south america . dave delainey , president and ceo , and john lavorato , chief operating officer will comprise the office of the chairman for enron americas . enron europe the enron europe organization , which includes enron  , s businesses in australia and japan , and enron metals , remains unchanged under the leadership of john sherriff , president and ceo , and michael brown , chief operating officer . enron global markets enron global markets , under the leadership of mike mcconnell , president and ceo , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer , will continue to have responsibility for enron  , s middle east and lng operations . with the exception of ecoelectrica in puerto rico , all operating power plants and associated personnel in the caribbean and central america will transfer to enron global assets . enron global markets will also continue to manage the commodity businesses in crude and products , coal , weather , insurance , equities , interest rates , foreign exchange , and agricultural products . enron industrial markets enron industrial markets  , organization , under the leadership of jeff mcmahon , president & ceo , and ray bowen , chief operating officer , remains unchanged . commercial support for ews the commercial support functions for ews will remain with , and be managed by , the individual business units . we are creating no incremental overhead in the creation of ews , and in fact hope to reduce our operating costs by more efficient utilization and sharing of resources across ews . to this end we have asked several people to take on an expanded role across ews in addition to their ongoing roles within their business units . these newly defined roles are as follows : mid and back office operations  ) sally beck will lead mid and back office operations across ews . these services will become part of enron net works , with sally reporting to louise kitchen and rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . this alignment creates a coordinated services organization with it and e - commerce platforms to support the wholesale businesses and to maximize opportunities to commercialize these services . mid and back office services for all commercial activities will continue to be organized with dedicated operations controllers responsible for specific commodities and / or geographic locations . legal  ) mark haedicke will serve in the role of general counsel for ews . regulatory and government affairs  ) this function will remain organized on a regional basis . rick shapiro will support all ews businesses operating in the americas , and mark schroeder , who is based in london , will support all european and eastern hemisphere operations . rick and mark will also continue to support all other enron businesses operating in their respective regions and will continue to report to steve kean , executive vice president and chief of staff . public relations  ) this function is also organized primarily on a regional basis . eric thode will have responsibility for north american activity , enron net works , and enron industrial markets . jackie gentle will continue in her role for enron europe ( including japan and australia ) and john ambler will have responsibility for activity outside north america and europe as well as providing support for enron global markets and enron global assets . these individuals will also continue to have a split reporting relationship to mark palmer , vice president of communications . business analysis and reporting  ) wes colwell will expand his role to cover ews reporting in addition to his current role in north america . attached for your review is an organization chart for enron wholesale services which summarizes the changes described here . as this organization continues to evolve we will keep you informed of any additional changes . enron global exploration and production and enron wind as part of our company - wide initiative to examine our assets and investments around the world , we are considering a variety of options with respect to egep and ewc . as a consequence , we are putting these businesses under cliff baxter  , s direction . jeff sherrick , ceo of egep , and jim noles , ceo of enron wind , will report to cliff . corporate staff we are consolidating the corporate staff functions : human resources , government affairs , public relations / communications and administration . in that regard , cindy olson , executive vice president of human resources and community relations , will report to steve kean , executive vice president and chief of staff . committee structure in light of the increased leadership opportunities created by enron  , s growth , the executive committee will be expanded to include more of our business unit leaders . the primary role of this committee will continue to be the communication of relevant information across enron  , s businesses and the coordination of activities across those businesses . we will also be drawing on this group to lead company - wide initiatives such as the performance review process and evaluation and creation of new businesses . the executive committee membership is shown on the attached list . we are also forming a new committee  ) the enron corporate policy committee . this group will be responsible for overall corporate policy , personnel management policy and corporate strategy . the enron corporate policy committee membership is also shown on the attached list . we are confident that these changes will align our talent and our capital to our highest return opportunities . please join us in congratulating and supporting all of these individuals in their new roles . 
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : wrapup 1 - credit quality in broad decline as defaults soar . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : u . s . firms say deals with enron at normal levels . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 enron bonds stabilize but market players are concerned capital markets report - 10 / 29 / 01 enron ' s stock continues slide on credit woes associated press newswires - 10 / 29 / 01 uk : uk power mkt focuses on prompt after low peak deal . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : update 2 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : trade idea - junk rating not likely for enron . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : enron shares drop to near seven - year lows . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 enron long - term ratings all placed on review for downgrade - moody ' s afx news - 10 / 29 / 01 enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron credit cut by moody ' s ; cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron may be royal dutch / shell takeover target , newsletter says bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 insiders at electric utilities showing their faith thestreet . com - 10 / 29 / 01 a debacle like enron ' s can undermine the entire market realmoney . com - 10 / 29 / 01 moody ' s downgrades enron ' s debt enron asking banks for more credit cbsmarketwatch . com - 10 / 29 / 01 enron goes begging forbes . com - 10 / 29 / 01 in these challenging times , enron deserves our thanks houston chronicle - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : wrapup 1 - credit quality in broad decline as defaults soar . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( wraps financial - creditquality - moodys and financial - defaults - s & p ) by jonathan stempel new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - corporate credit quality will likely grow much worse before it gets better , and about $ 100 billion of corporate debt will likely go into default this year as the united states heads into recession , according to reports issued on monday by two top credit rating agencies . moody ' s investors service said it put ratings on review for downgrade for 122 u . s . companies with $ 543 billion of debt in the third quarter , dwarfing the 22 companies with $ 66 billion of debt it put on review for upgrade . reviews are a leading indicator of the direction of corporate credit . " a wide excess of rating reviews for downgrade over upgrades in the third quarter suggests credit deterioration will persist at least into early next year , " said john puchalla , moody ' s senior economist . meanwhile , standard & poor ' s said more than 200 companies will default on about $ 100 billion of debt this year , compared with 117 defaulting on a record $ 42 . 3 billion in 2000 . it said the default rate for junk bonds - those rated " bb - plus " or lower by s & p and " bal " or lower by moody ' s because of their credit risks - will reach 9 . 4 percent by year end . moody ' s forecasts a 10 percent rate . " the u . s . economy is clearly in a recession , " said s & p chief economist david wyss in a statement . " although standard & poor ' s expects it to be relatively mild and end in early 2002 , the risk of a longer and deeper downturn is high . " both agencies said the sept . 11 attacks contributed to a deepening of a three - year slump in corporate credit quality . moody ' s blamed 38 reviews for downgrade in september alone on the attacks . costs rise , protection weakens u . s . corporate credit quality is falling for many reasons . these include the weakening economy , the inability of many marginal companies to raise cash at tolerable interest rates , share buybacks , debt - financed merger activity , and fallout from the attacks on such industries as airlines , insurance and travel . " many companies in financial difficulties will see their funding sources dry up and be pushed over the brink , " said david keisman , managing director at s & p risk solutions . even well - known companies are suffering rating declines . on monday alone , for example , s & p downgraded mcdonald corp . after the world ' s largest fast - food chain said it will buy back up to $ 5 billion of stock , at a time s & p said the company ' s " growth prospects for the future are less optimistic . " meanwhile , moody ' s downgraded enron corp . , and warned it may downgrade it again . the energy trading giant is struggling with vanishing investor confidence , reflected in a share price that has plunged by more than half in two weeks , as it tries to keep access to cash it needs to run its business . puchalla said the credit quality decline could slow next year , in part because interest rates are low and companies are managing their balance sheets more conservatively . " lower borrowing costs and slowing debt growth should reduce debt servicing costs , and fiscal stimulus from the federal government should boost business revenues , " he said . still , through friday , moody ' s has said in the fourth quarter it may downgrade 47 companies , and upgrade just four . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : u . s . firms say deals with enron at normal levels . by andrew kelly 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 29 ( reuters ) - major u . s . wholesale natural gas and electricity traders said on monday their deals with troubled enron corp . are still running at normal levels . but some are keeping a wary eye on the company ' s finances and credit status after a downgrade by one of the major rating agencies . " we certainly are very well aware of what our exposure is to them and watching that on a daily basis , " chief executive marce fuller of atlanta energy marketer mirant corp . told reuters . " at this point , i would categorize it as pretty much as business as usual with enron , but we ' ll have to keep a close eye on it as we move forward , " said fuller . officials at companies such as houston natural gas firm el paso corp . and columbus , ohio , utility holding company american electric power co . inc . expressed similar sentiments , saying nothing had changed in their dealings with the houston - based energy company , at least for the time being . " we continue to trade with them , " said spokeswoman jennifer pierce of charlotte - based utility duke energy corp . . " they ' ve always been meticulous in their credit management and we continue to see that with them , " she added . enron ' s shares fell to yet another new low on monday as the company said it was lobbying banks for a new credit line and rating agency moody ' s investor service downgraded the company ' s senior unsecured debt to two notches above junk - bond status . since oct . 12 enron ' s stock has fallen some 60 percent after the company reported its first quarterly loss in over four years , wrote down shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion dollars and failed to quell investors ' jitters about a series of complex off - balance - sheet financial deals . confidence crumbles analysts say that if confidence in enron continued to crumble , it could restrict the company ' s access to credit and thus create problems for its core energy trading operations . european energy industry sources told reuters earlier on monday that there was already evidence of european companies shying away from trading with enron because of credit worries . several large energy groups have frozen their dealings with enron in europe as they hold urgent talks with the u . s . group about setting up new credit arrangements , the sources said . " they are talking with us about bank letters of credit , " said the head of risk management at one u . k . utility that halted its trade with enron last week . " the people that are still trading with them are doing so on a very restrictive basis . " traders in the u . s . wholesale energy markets said on monday that they were continuing to deal with enron and still regard the company as a reliable trading partner . " i don ' t have any problems dealing with enron , especially since i ' m doing day - ahead trades . but i have heard the rumors of people not wanting to deal with them , " one natural gas trader in the u . s . southeast told reuters . a trader who specializes in longer - term deals in the forwards market for electricity said publicity about enron ' s woes had not yet led to any loss of market liquidity . " obviously there ' s a concern , but the financial situation is not a factor now , " the trader said . despite the public words of reassurance that many of them have been speaking , enron ' s major competitors and trading partners continue to monitor the situation closely . " any time a counterparty starts looking like their credit rating is deteriorating , then that would certainly be a signal to us to become more worried , " said mirant ' s fuller . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron bonds stabilize but market players are concerned by michael c . barr of dow jones newswires 10 / 29 / 2001 capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - uncertainty about enron corp . ( ene ) continues to dog investors concerned about the future of the houston - based energy services company . " it ' s such a fluid situation that the market would like to see a clarification of the company ' s circumstances , " said eric bergson , portfolio manager , northern trust global investments , chicago . until this occurs , the outlook for the company ' s bonds is choppy , he added . enron drew down about $ 3 billion in credit lines last week to increase cash reserves and calm jittery markets , buying back its outstanding commercial paper . and , it ' s currently negotiating with its bank group for an additional $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in new credit , according to a report in monday ' s wall street journal . enron ' s troubles began earlier this month with the announcement of a $ 618 million third - quarter loss and the disclosure of a $ 1 . 2 billion erosion of investor equity related to transactions conducted with its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . " the company did not learn from the mistakes of others by not being ahead of the game on disclosure , " said mitch stapley , portfolio manager and chief fixed income officer , fifth third investment advisors , grand rapids , mich . it becomes harder to regain investors ' trust , he said . moody ' s investors service lowered the company ' s senior unsecured long - term debt rating monday to baa 2 from baal . the debt is rated triple - b - plus by standard & poor ' s corp . , with a negative outlook . fitch also maintains a triple - b - plus rating and it placed the debt on rating watch negative late last week . both fitch and moody ' s cited negative investor reaction to recent company developments . and moody ' s added that its " analysis of the developing situation will focus on management ' s success in lining up further liquidity support and on their ability to retain credit availability from their major counterparties . " one money manager said he was concerned " about the fallout and its impact on the company ' s ability to trade " energy . the company ' s bonds already have suffered as a result of the uncertainty . the bonds with a 6 . 40 % coupon maturing in 2006 were offered at a dollar price of 80 on friday . many investors believe that the 80 dollar price point is a demarcation separating high - yield debt from distressed debt levels . the company ' s bonds improved a little on monday , to about an 83 dollar price . " i ' m seeing offerings but no bids , " said harold rivkin , principal , h . rivkin 201 - 938 - 2008 ; michael . barr @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s stock continues slide on credit woes 10 / 29 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s stock slid to new lows on monday , pushed down in part by moody ' s investors service announcing a possible downgrade of the company ' s credit rating pending a review . the downgrade came as enron negotiates with banks to establish new credit lines as the largest u . s . natural gas and power marketing company struggles to bounce back from disappointing third quarter earnings and a scandal over losses stemming from partnerships managed by the company ' s former chief financial officer . in trading monday afternoon on the new york stock exchange , enron shares were down nearly 9 percent , or dlrs 1 . 38 a share , at dlrs 14 . 02 - their lowest level in nearly seven years . a year ago , enron stock sold at nearly dlrs 85 a share . enron ' s efforts to acquire more credit came after the houston - based company last week decided to cash in about dlrs 3 billion in revolving credit it has with various banks to shore up investor confidence . " we are in discussions about new credit lines , " enron spokeswoman karen denne said monday . " we ' re taking action to restore investor and market confidence . " denne would not disclose how much credit the company was seeking . but the wall street journal quoted unidentified sources who said the amount is between dlrs 1 billion and dlrs 2 billion and that the deal is close to being completed . denne said of the dlrs 3 billion in credit enron cashed in last week , dlrs 2 billion of it was used to pay short term debt . currently , there are no plans for the other dlrs 1 billion , she said . moody ' s on monday placed all of enron ' s long term debt obligations on review for downgrade , citing " substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . " on oct . 16 , enron reported a net loss of dlrs 638 million in the third quarter , taking a one - time charge of dlrs 1 . 01 billion attributed to investment losses , troubled assets and unit restructurings . enron ' s stock was hammered over the next week as it became apparent some of those losses were tied to partnerships managed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . concerns about a potential conflict of interest touched off an inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . enron ousted fastow last week . moody ' s said in a press release the " magnitude of the announced charges will reduce enron ' s equity base and increase nominal financial leverage to somewhat over 50 percent while slashing earnings . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : uk power mkt focuses on prompt after low peak deal . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 29 ( reuters ) - interest in britain ' s electricity markets focused on the prompt after the sale of peak power at an unexpected low price tugged other prompt contracts lower . traders said the market was surprised by the sale of day ahead peak power for efa blocks three and four , from 0700 to 1500 , at 13 . 50 pounds per megawatt hour which they said was below coal - or gas - fired power stations ' operating cost . " it was an interesting day . it was hard to believe someone could sell at those prices - it ' s below marginal costs , " said one trader . day ahead baseload opened relatively firm at 19 . 50 / 20 . 50 pounds but slipped during the day to around 18 pounds and was traded at about 17 . 56 pounds after the low peak trades . traders said the forward curve was quite with contracts ending slightly lower . attention focused on troubled u . s . energy trader enron with european companies shying away from dealing with the utility because of credit concerns . several large energy groups have frozen their dealings with enron as they hold urgent talks with the u . s . group about setting up new credit arrangements . enron is one of the largest traders in the uk market but traders said it was too early see any impact on liquidity . " friday and monday tend to be quieter anyway - it ' s hard to tell if there ' s any effect from enron , " said one trader . enron in london declined to comment on the situation . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 2 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( changes paragraph 1 , adds background details and byline , updates stock price ) by david howard sinkman new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - energy trading giant enron corp . , its shares in a new free - fall to near seven - year lows , said on monday it is seeking additional credit to bolster investor confidence after tapping about $ 3 billion in credit last week . enron , the nation ' s biggest energy trader , declined to comment on the size of the credit line , which banks it is in talks with or when it expects to complete an agreement on the new credit line . " we want to restore investor and market confidence and nothing instills confidence like cash , " said enron spokesman mark palmer in houston , referring to company efforts to secure new credit . company shares again tumbled on monday , shedding $ 1 . 57 , or 10 . 13 percent , to $ 13 . 93 in midday trade on the new york stock exchange . once a wall street darling , the stock has tumbled more than half in price since enron released earnings two weeks ago , losing about $ 15 . 1 billion in market capitalization as investors fretted about the transparency of off - balance sheet transactions . moody ' s investors service on monday cut enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to two notches above junk status , and warned it may cut it again , as well as its rating for enron ' s commercial paper . rating agency standard & poor ' s on thursday revised its outlook for enron ' s ratings to " negative " from " stable . " enron ' s credit - worthiness has a direct affect on the price it pays to take out loans , and the perception among its trading partners on the company ' s ability to make good on trades . moody ' s said enron is suffering from deteriorating financial flexibility since it announced big write - downs and equity charges from previously undisclosed partnership investments . it said this triggered " difficulties in rolling over commercial paper . " industry sources on monday said several large energy companies in europe are shying away from trading with enron amid concerns about the company ' s credit status . sign of weakness enron shares have tumbled since the company reported its first - quarterly loss in more than four years on oct . 16 . the company also wrote down $ 1 . 2 billion in equity , including transactions with partnerships formerly run by its chief financial officer who was forced to step down from enron last week . the sell - off was sparked by investor concern about the transparency of the transactions , which the securities and exchange commission is examining . enron last week replaced cfo andrew fastow as part of efforts to restore investor confidence . the wall street journal reported monday the size of the credit line enron is negotiating is between $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion . enron said it drew down about $ 3 billion in credit lines last week , and has a net cash liquid position in excess of $ 1 billion . however , many industry observes see the request by enron , which has about $ 63 . 4 billion in energy assets , for an additional credit as a sign of weakness . " clearly , both the stock and bond market view enron as being in dire straits , " said independent research firm gimme credit analyst carol levenson , who specializes in high grade corporate bonds . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead it ' s an act of desperation . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : trade idea - junk rating not likely for enron . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - a collapse of market confidence could hurt the credit quality of energy trading giant enron corp . , but its bonds are not likely to end up in junk territory , fixed - income research service gimmecredit said on monday . moreover , enron ' s bonds could be undervalued if the company ' s off - balance - sheet obligations amount to no more than $ 3 billion , as reported , gimmecredit said . " worst case , enron doesn ' t look like a junk credit , " gimmecredit analyst carol levenson said . " but perception is all , and clearly both the stock and bond markets view enron as being in dire straits . " enron ' s bonds fell sharply on friday after the energy giant drew down about $ 3 billion from a credit line and said it was in talks with its banks to obtain a new multibillion - dollar credit line . the company ' s stock has lost more than half of its value in the last two weeks as investors questioned off - balance - sheet transactions between the company and two limited partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is looking into those transactions for possible conflicts of interest . " we admit management ' s financial disclosure remains woefully inadequate , " gimmecredit said . " however , botched investor communication does not necessarily equate to illegal or fraudulent behavior . " still , enron ' s move last week to draw down all of its backup bank lines was " an act of desperation , " gimmecredit said . the move eventually may lead to renegotiated bank agreements , which could be more expensive and restrictive and could also subordinate the position of bondholders , it said . " on the plus side is our belief that management will do everything in their power to preserve the company ' s investment - grade ratings , " the firm said . another positive is a precedent the rating agencies set with kmart corp . in the mid - 1990 s , when they tried to avoid being the cause of a company ' s financial downfall , gimmecredit said . moody ' s investors service on monday cut enron ' s senior unsecured rating to " baa 2 " from " baal " and kept it on review for further downgrade . moody ' s said its actions were prompted by deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility since the company announced significant write - downs and equity charges in previously undisclosed partnership investments . last thursday , standard & poor ' s revised its outlook on enron to negative while affirming its " bbb - plus " long - term rating . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares drop to near seven - year lows . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares fell to their lowest level in almost seven years in early trade on monday following news that north america ' s largest natural gas and electricity trader was considering tapping additional credit lines to ease financial concerns that have sent its stock slumping more than 50 percent in the past two weeks . enron shares were down $ 1 . 55 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 95 on the new york stock exchange . the shares have not been under $ 14 since december 1994 . earlier , the credit - rating agency moody ' s investor service placed all long term - debt obligations of enron under review for downgrade following the company ' s announcement of significant write - downs and charges , reflecting substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . moody ' s said the actions affect enron ' s broadband operations , its merchant portfolio , and the azurix water company holdings . last week enron shares lost almost $ 14 billion in market value as a series of piecemeal disclosures about the company ' s involvement in complex partnerships began to trickle out . many industry observers see enron ' s request for additional credit , after the company tapped its banks for $ 3 . 3 billion last week , as a sign a weakness . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead . . . it ' s an act of desperation , " said carol levenson , an analyst with independent research firm gimmecredit . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron long - term ratings all placed on review for downgrade - moody ' s 10 / 29 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - moody ' s investors service said it placed all the long - term debt obligations of enron on review for downgrade following the company ' s announcement of significant write - downs and charges , reflecting substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . the magnitude of the announced charges will reduce enron ' s equity base and increase nominal financial leverage to somewhat over 50 pct while slashing earnings , moody ' s said in a statement . the company ' s previously announced sale of portland general , however , will result in cash proceeds approximating 1 . 8 bln usd which management is earmarking for debt reduction . in addition , the sale will remove approximately 1 bln usd of debt obligations from enron ' s balance sheet . however , moody ' s noted that , while this transaction will go a long way to help restore enron ' s balance sheet , it requires regulatory approval and is likely to take up to a year to complete . enron has a baal senior unsecured rating . lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 16 : 46 ( new york ) enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) ( adds bondholder quote and background on commercial paper . ) new york , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares declined a ninth day as moody ' s investors service lowered its credit rating , raising concern the largest energy trader would be cut off from raising the cash it needs to fund day - to - day operations . moody ' s lowered enron ' s senior unsecured long - term debt ratings to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal ' ' and also placed the houston - based company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade . moody ' s may downgrade enron ' s commercial paper rating , which would make it harder for the firm to borrow the short - term cash needed to run its trading businesses . ahead of a potential cut , enron took out bank lines to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week , largely removing itself from that borrowing arena . ` ` they ' ve pretty much already written off coming to the commercial - paper market , ' ' said shannon bass , who holds enron bonds in the $ 50 million he helps manage at pacific investment management co . ` ` the real issue now is trying to get their house in order . ' ' pimco is ` ` well underweight ' ' enron bonds relative to bond benchmarks the portfolios are matched to , bass said . shut out companies such as xerox corp . , which was shut out of the commercial - paper market a year ago before its credit ratings were reduced , were forced to borrow on bank credit lines to access cash . investors in commercial paper , borrowings due in nine months or less , also stopped buying motorola inc . and lucent technologies inc . short - term debt , forcing the firms to restructure borrowing , sell assets , and find alternative financing sources that typically cost more . enron shares plunged $ 1 . 59 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 81 , continuing a slide that dates back to oct . 17 , when enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses from investments outside its business of energy trading . the stock traded near $ 90 in september 2000 and touched a seven - year low of $ 13 . 55 today . enron has lost more than $ 50 billion in market value this year . on dec . 31 , the company had a market capitalization of $ 62 . 7 billion . today , the market value was $ 10 . 5 billion . deterioration while enron shares have sank about 60 percent in a week , its bonds are down about 20 percent . a company ' s stock typically falls faster than its debt because bondholders have first claim on assets after bank loans are paid . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds maturing in 2006 fell 4 cents to 80 cents on the $ 1 of face value after the moody ' s downgrade . yields have risen to 12 . 1 percent , up from 10 . 8 before that downgrade , traders said . the bonds were trading at 100 cents the week before . moody ' s said the cut was prompted by the ` ` deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility ' ' since the write - downs and charges . the partnership investments had not been disclosed before this month , which ` ` led to a substantial loss in investor confidence , ' ' according to moody ' s . ` ` a credit downgrade will be punitive as far as their borrowing power , ' ' said joe correnti , who follows enron for wayne hummer investments llc in chicago . ` ` that ' s not a good place for them to be . they have somewhat aggressive expansion plans . ' ' enron ' s recent woes had many investors factoring in a credit - rating reduction . ` ` this move was anticipated , ' ' said mike dineen , who holds enron bonds in the $ 5 billion of fixed - income assets he helps manage at mony life insurance co . there are about $ 15 . 8 billion of enron bonds outstanding , almost $ 9 billion of which comes due between 2003 and 2006 , according to bloomberg data . cash needed last week , enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow after the u . s . securities and exchange commission asked for information about transactions he conducted for partnerships he headed . in august , jeff skilling quit as enron chief executive , eight months after taking the position , and chairman ken lay moved back into the position . enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors , the wall street journal reported . the company ' s stock has plummeted 57 percent since oct . 17 , when fastow ' s partnerships were disclosed . enron uses its investment - grade credit rating to borrow money for the cash it needs every day to settle commodities trades and to keep trading partners . ` ` when you act as a middleman you need high credit ratings . it ' s likely their trading volumes will go down ' ' as other energy and financial firms seek higher - rated trading partners , said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . , which gives enron ' s credit a junk grade of ` ` bb + . ' ' enron ' s long - term ratings outlook was changed last week to negative from stable by standard & poor ' s . s & p affirmed the firm ' s rating of ` ` bbb + ' ' , the equivalent of moody ' s ` ` baal ' ' . ` ` we have been split - rated before and it did not affect our growth , ' ' said karen denne , a spokeswoman for houston - based enron . ` ` we are still investment grade . ' ' enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 16 : 08 ( new york ) enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) ( updates with closing share price in last paragraph . ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which can ' t get low - interest , short - term loans , faces skeptical lenders who will demand increasingly harsher terms as the largest energy trader tries to get cash in the bank , credit analysts said . ` ` anyone providing new funding is going to be nervous , ' ' said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . ` ` it ' s likely that lenders are going to demand collateral . ' ' enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors after a 52 percent drop in the company ' s stock since oct . 17 , the wall street journal reported . the company needs cash every day to settle commodities transactions and to keep trading partners . the company on thursday tapped $ 3 . 3 billion in bank credit lines last week to pay off about $ 2 billion in commercial paper , or short - term corporate loans . a week ago , the enron said the u . s . securities and exchange commission had began an inquiry into related - party transactions . they cost the company $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . ` ` banks are in the driver ' s seat , and enron is a little desperate , ' ' said peter petas , a debt analyst at creditsights inc . ` ` i think their interest rates for loans would go up . ' ' sells assets for cash companies in enron ' s situation often agree to other bank terms in order to secure loans , petas said . those can include agreeing to use proceeds from selling assets to pay debt and putting up assets as collateral . enron is attempting to sell assets to raise cash . two related partnerships , osprey and marlin , depend on selling power plants and similar assets to repay $ 3 . 3 billion borrowed to buy the plants . enron may have to pay any difference between the debt and sales proceeds . the company plans to complete the $ 2 . 9 billion sale of portland general electric , an oregon utility , to northwest natural gas co . next year . shares of houston - based enron fell $ 1 . 59 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 81 . the stock has tumbled 82 percent in the past 12 months . enron may be royal dutch / shell takeover target , newsletter says 2001 - 10 - 29 13 : 31 ( new york ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - the royal dutch / shell group , the second - largest publicly traded oil company , may be interested in buying enron corp . , which has seen its stock price plunge in the last two weeks , industry newsletter power finance cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 12 : 29 ( new york ) enron credit cut by moody ' s ; cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) ( adds yield data in fourth paragraph ; adds moody ' s comments in sixth and seventh paragraphs . ) new york , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s credit rating was cut by moody ' s investors service after the largest energy trader wrote down the value of its assets because of losses from private partnerships . moody ' s also said it may downgrade enron ' s commercial paper rating , which could make it harder for the company to borrow the short - term cash it needs to run its trading business in the future . the company borrowed from banks to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week . ` ` this move was anticipated , ' ' said mike dineen , who holds enron bonds in the $ 5 billion of fixed - income assets he helps manage at mony life insurance co . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent coupon notes due in 2006 fell as much as 4 cents to bid at 80 cents on $ 1 of face value after the moody ' s downgrade , traders said . the bonds tumbled from about par value a week ago . yields have risen to 12 . 1 percent , up from 10 . 8 before that downgrade , traders said . shares of enron fell as much as $ 1 . 85 , or 12 percent , to $ 13 . 55 . moody ' s lowered the senior unsecured long - term debt ratings of enron to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal . ' ' the ratings company said they may be lowered further . moody ' s placed the company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade . moody ' s said the cut was prompted by the ` ` deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility ' ' since the write - downs and charges . the partnership investments had not been disclosed before . enron ' s recent disclosures have ` ` led to a substantial loss in investor confidence , ' ' moody ' s said in its news release . cash needed enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses this month from investments outside its business of trading commodities such as electricity and natural gas . chief financial officer andrew fastow quit as the u . s . securities and exchange commission asked for information about transactions he conducted for partnerships he headed . enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors , the wall street journal reported . the company ' s stock has plummeted 57 percent since oct . 17 , when the partnerships were disclosed . enron uses its investment - grade credit rating to borrow money for the cash it needs every day to settle commodities trades and to keep trading partners . ` ` enron definitely depends on higher ratings , ' ' dineen said . enron ' s long - term credit ratings outlook was changed last week to negative from stable by standard & poor ' s . s give me a call at 1 - 800 - 862 - 8686 between 3 and 4 p . m . moody ' s downgrades enron ' s debt enron asking banks for more credit lisa sanders cbsmarketwatch . com 10 / 29 / 01 new york ( cbs . mw ) - shares of enron fell further monday after moody ' s investors service downgraded enron ' s long - term debt a notch . enron , which hit a 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 on dec . 29 , was well on its way to another year low monday . heading for a ninth straight day of losses , enron shed more than 9 percent , or $ 1 . 41 , to $ 13 . 99 . the stock was again the most active mover on the new york stock exchange as close to 28 million shares had changed hands . moody ' s said it cut the senior unsecured long - term debt to baa 2 from baal , and the ratings remain on review for potential additional downgrades . the action follows enron ' s reported $ 1 . 01 billion charge in the third quarter and was driven by the expectation of further write - downs and the swift deterioration of the company ' s financial picture , said stephen moore , vice president at moody ' s . " however , we do feel the move enron made to draw down their revolvers to pay off their commercial paper was a smart business move , " said stephen moore , vice president at moody ' s . the rating agency said it would review the prime - 2 rating on enron ' s commercial paper . last thursday , enron announced it had tapped its lines of credit to provide more than $ 1 billion in cash liquidity and that would it use $ 2 billion to pay down commercial paper . the decision to pay off the commercial paper , he said , accomplishes two goals . " it increases liquidity on a short - term basis , and additionally , it enables them to focus on other areas they need to focus on right now , " moore said . " they are working on setting up an additional facility for further capital to support their wholesale trading business . " karen denne , an enron spokesperson , confirmed monday that the company is in discussions with banks for further financing . additional credit would help boost enron ' s liquidity position . the lingering concern for moody ' s is that there " yet may be something else out there that gets to the credibility issue of enron itself , " moore said . at the heart of the credibility issue are two limited partnerships - - lmj and lmj 2 - created in 1999 by former cfo andy fastow and since dissolved . enron ousted fastow last week . see related story . " the market was unaware , " of the existence of the partnerships , moore said . " quite frankly , we don ' t think there is anything else , " he said . " but enron is huge , and if this could happen . . . there is a lingering concern that something else might happen . we cannot confirm or deny that this is true . we will be meeting soon with them to resolve issues such as these . " moore said the meeting could come as soon as this week . " should the wholesale trading business and the counterparties therein become impacted by these events , that could lead to the slowing growth of the wholesale business , the enron engine , " he said . moody ' s action monday also negatively affected the ratings on two trusts - - marlin water trust and osprey , which have combined debt of $ 3 . 2 billion . marlin is now rated baa 2 , while osprey carries a new rating of baa 3 , both down a notch . the potential issue for the trusts may be " how much equity enron would have to issue if the sale of the underlying assets alone isn ' t enough to pay off the debt . " enron is anticipating using the proceeds from the sale of assets to meet its obligation . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . enron goes begging forbes . com staff , forbes . com , 10 . 29 . 01 , 11 : 40 am et new york - enron said this morning that it is in talks with banks for additional credit , as declining investor confidence sent its stock to a six - year low and several large energy groups put their dealings with enron on hold . last thursday , the energy trader drew down about $ 3 billion from a credit line , causing its bonds to fall sharply on friday . enron ( nyse : ene ) has been scrambling to reassure investors and business partners since oct . 16 - - after the company reported its first quarterly loss in more than four years . the $ 638 million loss included $ 1 . 01 billion in charges on ill - fated investments . a week later , it disclosed that the u . s . securities and exchange commission had asked for information on partnerships run by chief financial officer andrew fastow and other executives . fastow was forced to step down from the company last week . the turmoil makes it clearer than ever that enron ' s problems weren ' t solved by the recent departure of chief executive jeffrey skilling . in these challenging times , enron deserves our thanks houston chronicle , october 28 , 2001 by bill white enron and its employees have blessed houston , and many houstonians should now take the time to say " thanks " when the company has experienced some highly publicized challenges . enron attracted thousands of great people to houston and changed houston ' s economy forever . the company ' s management encouraged their employees to be active citizens , and those folks responded by making a big difference in their community . enron ' s lead in shaping a nationwide market for electricity gave birth to a multibillion - dollar new industry , with houston as its hub . even while it competed hard to win in the marketplace , enron ' s example helped show other natural gas pipeline and trading firms how to move into the even bigger market of electricity . the downtown concentration of these firms - - industry leaders including reliant , dynegy , el paso and duke energy - - led london ' s financial times to refer to louisiana street as the wall street of electricity . this explosive growth attracted bright young people - - with the average age of enron employees at under 35 - - and they in turn helped fuel an explosion in residential growth in houston ' s downtown . this , in turn , helped revitalize downtown ' s retail and restaurant scene . enron ' s construction of a large class a office tower , still going up , is a milestone in houston ' s growth , an official end to more than a decade of large amounts of vacant office space . virtually every civic or charitable activity in houston learned to count on enron for both financial support and thousands of hours of invaluable volunteer activities . if enron or its chairman , ken lay , led a visionary effort , such as hosting the meeting of g 7 trade ministers , or more recently the private funding of the houston biotechnology center , houstonians knew it would be done right . without lay our town would have lost major league baseball and status as a big league town . employees know enron set a standard for hiring and promoting employees based on their potential , with no glass ceilings . women have run large divisions and subsidiaries . many military officers find that enron called on their talents after illustrious military careers , even at ages well past normal corporate entry level . the most highly recruited young people flock to a company that invests heavily in their training and then lets them rise as far and fast as their talent and ability to work hard would allow them . enron ' s corporate success reflects the stories of so many of its employees who have lived the american dream . with the habits of work learned on a family farm in missouri , ken lay got an education ending with a graduate degree at the university of houston , served his country in government and began a career in the gas pipeline business . when northern natural gas acquired the smaller houston natural gas , northern ' s chairman surprised folks by installing lay as his successor . i was at northern ' s headquarters in omaha the week after the merger 16 years ago when northern ' s chairman reassured folks that they could count on " best young executive in the business , ken lay , " to direct their future in a changing marketplace . within 15 years , most of enron ' s revenues and profits came from businesses that did not even exist when lay had taken over , all of which had been created from within the firm . this success did not diminish the farm boy decency and sense of fairness that attracted top talent to his team . enron rewarded innovation , while many firms afraid to alter the old formula wondered why their leadership eroded . year after year , top executives throughout the country voted enron our nation ' s most innovative corporation . enron recognized , even when financial markets do not , that innovative firms are secure enough to accept occasional failure and the inevitable price of other successes . rather than seeking insulation from the international marketplace , as had many american businesses , enron welcomed the challenge of the international market , confident that american firms could compete and win . enron also welcomed the challenge of responsible environmental stewardship , and called on industry to address the issue of global warming even as some companies feared the impact of pollution control on their bottom line . enron ' s phenomenal success created incredible and perhaps unreasonable expectations , as early this year when the stock market valued the company based on 20 percent annual growth , forever . enron ' s size and success made it a convenient target for politicians in california and india , even as enron supplied the electricity they so needed . sometimes it seemed the company ' s upstart origins as the david battling utility goliaths delayed the firm ' s perception that it had won and no longer played the role of an underdog . and so if enron experiences problems , it will learn from them , just as strong people do . let ' s not prejudge enron ' s current challenges . the more than a decade of my life that was dedicated to trying cases against companies who hurt consumers and investors taught me both to insist on the truth but never to jump to premature conclusions based on a headline or a news story . throughout its years of success , enron folks have never forgotten to find so many ways to make the firm ' s hometown of houston a better place to live and work . as enron enters a new phase of its life , let ' s not forget to express thanks and steady support . white is a houston business executive and civic leader and former government official , with no relationship to enron . 
2	Subject: refinance now for leoa hello i have tried contacting you before in regards to the promised low interest mortga ( ge rate . the good news is that you did qualify for the loan , for a rate of 4 . 2 % ! you could receive over u 380 , 000 for as little as i 500 per month . ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a fr ! ee , no obli , gation consultation click below : http : / / goodwayz . com / x / loan . php ? id  somb have a great day ! lima moore uxoon hsmhho kblhej 
2	Subject: re : whh , but can also banned cd government don ' t want me to sell it . see now ! invasive holeable jeffersonian ashmolean premium sphalerite chose oscillate capacious grit intermit yemen cock bromide column deluxe convict microbial rhyme vaudeville sacrificial gullible cummins hewitt hodgepodge indorse decorum elongate divisor promethean pterodactyl elfin allude bradford sandal registrant tribe scottish boomerang aphorism bangor donald rob flea civil sandbag mobcap sector tugging diva wholesale exculpate cutworm dugout hill moneywort descendent champion cahoot vouch catkin obstacle vignette jackboot crude forestry banbury registrable biblical ethan hoard rill lieu hollandaise methuselah eloquent select tepee pace imprecate ransack analyst alcestis carfare throwaway necromancer benedikt astronautic flux intent wa campion decode native provocation algerian cyclist discussant asphalt charles sup troubleshoot adsorb jail chemist contrition quintet edmonton tinge crop tutelage blowfish corroborate curran wish bungalow wei writ mercer dormitory bathroom samarium globulin burgher yesterday adaptive cambodia modem dodecahedral cohosh nodular pyle twombly property disaccharide cardiod robbery temperate aerobic determinate isaac maurice dyspeptic luggage o ' connell meistersinger coffeepot resultant calvary moser acculturate iniquitous belgium importunate premium aggressor liquid pampa derrick oratory cole woodcarver diplomat dudley freshman megohm myrtle admiralty bauhaus juncture prophylactic hepburn anchor nor brockle greenbelt pocket tomorrow scranton pearson lanky goldberg normalcy duel bifurcate hologram carfare conversant olivine solo begging cattleman fermat prussia die fervent knuckleball brownish pop concerto hangout palo flatiron despise manifold haggard nitty argumentation ambuscade choreograph appanage beckon bodybuild canyon fact ally hatteras off keypunch sa console acid afterthought caste colloquial five stephanotis function infertile caucus loudspeaking purgative sigma ransack speculate alpha leninist dad bub eddie aerosol missoula aristocratic springboard ganymede surrender princeton walnut quack aggression sisyphean swabby proclivity frances ambulatory punch sulfurous merchandise drawl frayed acm mudsling derive postmaster categoric alkali chronicle corkscrew elephantine fiery anomaly boniface circumvent acknowledge befall ibm union backgammon declamatory bungle persistent stratify absence bromfield pyle fabric icicle complaint handicap during occurred roberto trait crow mountaineer importation calder discriminatory springtail bowstring incomprehension schumacher sine cellulose choppy commissariat imprint juxtapose automorphic knowhow exhaustion washburn gunk lysergic almost cambridge alumnus locoweed conciliatory lagrange uptrend corrector acclamation citroen  
2	Subject: customer list - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 01 / 19 / 2000 05 : 30 pm to : james a ajello / hou / ect @ ect , wendy king / corp / enron @ enron , jim crump / corp / enron @ enron , andrew wilson / corp / enron @ enron , glenn wright / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , james mackey / hou / ect @ ect subject : customer list as requested , here is the list of hpl ' s industrial customers in texas : 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011503 . txt 
2	Subject: artik birden fazla cep telefonu tasimaya paydos ! . . . merhaba , multi - gsm kartlarla tek telefonda " ayni anda 4 hat aktif " tek cep telefonu uzerinde " ayni anda 4 hat aktif " olabilir . dilediginiz hattan cagri alabilir , yine dilediginiz hattan cikis yaparak baskalarini arayabilirsiniz . uygulama fiyati : 50 euro + kdv ' dir . aycell , aria , avea ve turkcell sim plus kartlar da cozuldu ! aycell , aria , ( ortak sebeke ) avea ve turkcell operatorlerine ait sim kartlarin ( ki ve imsi ) kodlari cozulerek coklu ortam kartlarina aktarilabilir . uygulama fiyati 50 euro + kdv ' dir . gsm bayileri , shoplar ve magazalar icin , tum turkiye geneline ve yurt disina sistem satisimiz vardir . ayrintili bilgi almak icin lutfen arayiniz . saygilarimizla , rabve ® bilgisayar , internet , elektronik reklam ve tanitim hiz . 0332 - 237 39 87 ( tel : 09 : 00 - 17 : 00 ) 0332 - 237 43 67 ( fax : 7 gun / 24 saat ) 0542 - 278 29 46 ( cep : 09 : 00 - 17 : 00 ) e - mail ve msn user id : multigsm @ hotmail . com icq number : 199826875 not : eger siz bu ileti ( nin icerigi ) ile ilgili degilseniz , lutfen ilgilenecegini umdugunuz kisi , kurulus ve / veya gsm bayilerine bu iletiyi gonderiniz . tesekkurler . . . 
2	Subject: re : evaluation for barbara pierce patricia , barbara pierce did not show up on my list of people asking for a review . maybe a glitch in the system . vince patricia payton @ enron 11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 56 am to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : evaluation for barbara pierce thank you for agreeing to interview barbara pierce . unfortunately we are unable to proceed because we have not received all of her evaluations . can you please fax the evaluation to me at your earliest convenience at ( 713 ) 646 - 3441 and send the original via interoffice mail to ebl 171 . thanks again , patricia ext . 54903 
2	Subject: re [ 13 ] driving at ? in 1876 dogs and cats that ' s a call for you glrls 9 \ / \ / ho 7 squlrt when they 7 cu | \ / | ! as far as i know creai femaie ejacuiation ! clever 9 thef \ / \ / ettest pussles ! you ' d better not . . to | \ | s of \ / ldeos , phot 0 s , ll \ / e 609 f 8 ufc 5 kblbsho \ / \ / s ! engine 30 d / \ ys for a 1 doll / \ r - lt ' slre / \ l ! in 1893 good night ! e | \ | ter ! don ' t look very fit and i can in 1968 date of birth in 1927 eye one } > loook at yes , it ' s me . in 1800 in 1867 in 1842 city name or 
2	Subject: email & fax directory $ 99 . 95 100 million email addresses future tech international special offer that " blows away traditional marketing " - advertising age . the most powerful fully exportable cd fax database on the market 1 , 500 , 000 business fax numbers over 1 . 5 million fax numbers fully exportable ! usually sells for $ 295 . for a limited time only we are offering them for : only $ 49 . 95 usd ( never before have this many fax numbers been sold for so cheap ) targeted email list 100 million email addresses usually sells for $ 195 . 00 . for a limited time only we are offering them for : only $ 79 . 95 usd special package deal for both directories : only $ 99 . 95 usd more than 34 categories such as : - multi level marketers - opportunity seekers - telephone area code - country , city , state , etc . . . - travel & vacations - opt - in - people intersted in investments - people or businesses who spent more than $ 1000 on the web in the last 2 months - and many more * everything o n this disk is in text file format and fully exportable . * the cd is as easy to use as browsing your c drive in explorer . to order yours call 416 - 467 - 6585 or fax the form below to 416 - 467 - 8986 order form ( please print clearly ) name : company name : email address : tel # : shipping address : city : zip / postal code : country : product : [ ] email address cdrom ( 100 million addresses ) $ 79 . 95 [ ] fax directory ( 1 . 5 million business fax numbers ) $ 49 . 95 [ ] special package deal ( both fax & email directories ) $ 99 . 95 shipping options : [ ] regular mail ( 1 - 2 weeks delivery ) $ 5 . 95 [ ] priority mail ( 2 - 5 business days ) $ 12 . 95 [ ] fedex overnite $ 25 . 95 total amount to be billed to credit card : $ credit card info : [ ] visa [ ] mastercard [ ] american express card # : expiry date : name on card : billing address : authorized signature : please fax this form back to 416 - 467 - 8986 to order by mail : please send the order form back and product form withy a money order payable to future tech international for the balance to : future tech international import export company 85 thorncliffe park drive suite 3602 toronto , ontario canada ( postal ) m 4 h ll 6 for any questions please feel free to call us at 1 - 416 - 467 - 6585 * provide your email address so that we can send you a receipt for your transaction for email removals sjshdhd - 39 e 2 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: vacation , again . i will be out of the office from 06 / 16 through 06 / 24 due to vacation . thank you for your support . donald robinson . 
2	Subject: draft strawman dear sally , as we discussed yesterday , here is the draft strawman . regards shona 
2	Subject: re : clustering for power jaesoo , as we discussed last week on wednesday meeting can you , please , implement clustering for power curves by geographical region . this involves the following : 1 . deciding together with risk control how many geographical regions we want to use and which enron ' s curves belong to each region . 2 . deciding together with risk control how to choose core curves for each region . this decision can be maid based on the a ) position size ; b ) statistical analysis . there might be other considerations . 3 . doing regression analysis for each curve versus the corresponding core curve . winston , can is it possible to run var for the clustering results obtained by jaesoo with clustering done by sas ? should we wait for the stage re - fresh and what is the status on this ? tanya . 
2	Subject: beavers game tonight i have a few tickets for the portland beavers vs . iowa cubs game - tonight at 6 : 30 p . m . ! ! ! please let me know if you would like to go . extension 7092 patty deas enron north america 503 - 464 - 7092  
2	Subject: re : highstar letter louise , don and i spoke about this prior to the execution of the highstar letter . while we both feel that it is unlikely that we will be in " material negotiations " with a potential counterparty within the next 11 days ( or so ) , we are prepared to notify aig in the event that something comes very quickly . thanks . stuart louise kitchen 04 / 30 / 2001 10 : 29 am to : don miller / hou / ect , stuart zisman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : highstar letter you guys will need a strategy as to notifying aig of other material negotiations . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 10 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : heather kroll / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 27 / 2001 05 : 05 pm to : steve van hooser / hou / ect @ ect , " clark thompson ( e - mail ) " @ smtp @ enronxgate , " jay sonnenberg ( e - mail ) " @ smtp @ enronxgate , stuart zisman / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , don miller / enron @ enronxgate subject : highstar letter to all : attached below is the letter signed between ena and highstar . in summary , we have acknowledged that we have been unable to finalize the existing transaction but are going to discuss a restructured deal . ena is free to begin marketing the plants to third parties , provided that we cannot enter into binding agreements before may 11 , 2001 . either party may terminate after may 11 , 2001 for any reason or no reason . now on to final docs ! regards , heather 
2	Subject: in confidence / project status hi vince i ' d originally been told you wouldn ' t be back until wednesday , and so have another meeting booked for 4 : 30 pm ( london time ) today . i really need to speak with you about the situation here in london re anjam . to be blunt , sharad , kirstee and i have all been tempted to just walk out of the office until anjam is removed . the major problems are : 1 . i have no authority to demand anjam should cooperate with sharad , kirstee etc . on their work . he does his best to impede their work , and i have no ability to access his drives for data / spreadsheets . 2 . anjam removes me from the cc lists in reply to all emails received by him , in an attempt to remove me from the loop . 3 . anjam continues to " do business " , and people in london still think he ' s head of research . 4 . pending your " announcement " , people will continue to go to anjam , and the business will remain dependent on him . 5 . we ' re severely under - resourced . i ' m still awaiting your review of the email i drafted for john s , requesting additional resource . i can ' t make a big recruitment drive until i have the authority to hire more . i honestly feel i can ' t do my job , and i ' m currently asking myself what i ' m even doing here . notwithstanding the above , here is the current picture with our projects : steve 1 . initiated new pre - trade system for oil trading desk . hooked up relevant it resource with business people , keeping an overall eye on making sure the business reqts get translated into it - speak . 2 . enron direct demand forecasting system review . 3 . initiated global supply / demand database with coal group . 4 . constant firefighting across all desks . ben 1 . work on regression - based placement model . 2 . general review of enroncredit . com ' s quant models . matthew 1 . ongoing work with engoal . 2 . produced first prototype of gas capacity charge optimisation tool for continental gas desk . need to purchase local copy of cplex . kirstee 1 . diverted from richard lewis ' s request for the uk gas / power vol curves to be sorted out , onto eastern virtual power station restructuring project . involves extension runs of credit reserve model , and now it seems the model needs to be extended . 2 . constant var firefighting . slava 1 . finished all regressions and model identification for uk gas and power demand forecasting . we are now ready to start it implementation . 2 . enron direct demand forecasting system review . sharad 1 . exotica support / firefighting , made nearly impossible by anjam . 2 . option on strip of metals futures for enron metal . i do hope we get a chance to speak and resolve some of these issues . i ' m really not happy at present . best regards , steve 
2	Subject: online ppharmacy you need hello , welcome to the best online store vi ra al xa x cod ag ( 109 $ / 30 p ) ci is ( 324 $ / 90 p ) na ( 299 $ / 90 p ) vi in ( 178 $ / 90 p ) with each purchase you get : top quality medicationn . low prices . reputable manufacturers . secure pay system . discreet packaging . home delivery . total confidentiality . 24 toll - free customer service hotline . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: hello vince vince , two things . do you have any comments on the interview document ? second , i want to submit a proposal to the european financial management association meetings for next may based on our paper . the meeting is in may and is held in paris . hope you can come ( assuming the program committee likes our proposal - - i won the best paper award at last year ' s meeting so maybe we can do it again ) . looking forward to hearing form you so i can get bob ' s response to the questions . john john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: re : aig highstar louise : i am not taking the p / l swings or funding this investment . if there is confusion , let ' s get together with dave . andy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 12 : 51 pm to : fastow , andrew s . subject : aig highstar we have the aig highstar fund in ena . as i understand it ena committed to $ 12 . 5 m on this with the other 50 % coming from ee & cc . i understand from dave that you are taking the p & l swings on this fund . as they are about to pull further on this money ( < 1 m to date ) , i wondered how you wanted it treating . let ' s discuss louise 
2	Subject: vacation carryover want to verify your vacation carryover ? beginning january 22 , 2001 , all eligible enron employees will be able to access the hours of vacation that were carried over from the previous year by going to the ehronline website . 1 . navigate to the ehronline website : http : / / ehronline . enron . com . 2 . read the disclaimer ; click accept . 3 . enter your user id and password ; click logon . 4 . select time management from the menu at the left . 5 . select vacation information from the drop - down menu . to see all types of vacation ( accrual , lump sum , vacation ) , click the radio button for " all types . " click display . to see specific types of vacation ( accrual , lump sum , vacation ) , click the radio button below " all types " and make your selection from the drop - down menu . click display . click exit to log off . the system will default to show all types of vacation , including ( if available ) vacation - ( accrual ) or vacation - ( lump sum ) or vacation . the carryover amount will be displayed next to the type : " vacation " under the " entitlement " column . enron policy states that employees are entitled to a maximum of 40 hours of vacation carryover without supervisor approval . hours in excess of 40 hours are subject to supervisor approval and will be updated once supervisor approval has been received if you have questions regarding your vacation , please call the payroll hotline at 713 . 345 . 5555 . 
2	Subject: be in control . . . negative items removed from your credit report hello , let me ask you a question : if there was a way that you could legally and drastically improve your credit score ; allowing you to get better rates on existing home and auto loans , or help get better rates on a new home and auto loan , you would want to know now about it wouldn ' t you ? it doesn ' t matter if you have foreclosures , bankruptcies , repossessions , charge - offs , or even late payments ; the law is on your side and allows them to be legally removed . it ' s time to stop worrying about your " less than perfect " credit . let us help you , we don ' t just think we can . . . we know we can . you ' re only one step away from improving your credit history . take 2 minutes of your time to allow us to prove it to you . i don ' t want it credit history in control of your finances ? be in control . . . negative items removed from your credit report no need to continue living with bad credit ; we will help bad credit rating is a disease , we will cure it . . . . guaranteed turned down for credit ? . . . . not any more let us improve your credit rating . . . . . quickly . . . . legally talking to us means a better credit report . . . it ' s that simple 
2	Subject: we have been rated as # 1 one - stop - shop internet pharmacy . we offer a fast - track repeat prescription service morality , like art , means drawing a line someplace . if i must choose between righteousness and peace , i choose righteousness . i believe in one thing only , the power of the human will . marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly . 
2	Subject: stock selling for . 9 per share bringing movers and shakers directly to your inbox natural harmony foods , inc . bullish gap upward break out imminent for * nhyf * at emerging growth stocks we search out stocks with big up - side potential that have gone unnoticed . we look for companies in sectors and industries that show enormous growth potential . the companies must have a superior management team , state of the art product development and efficient delivery , and currently and / or near securing significant contracts capable of giving the company significant market share . nhyf is such a company . did you miss out on : acst - up 400 % icmh - up 130 % sbwl - up 300 % sssu - up 650 % ! ! ! ! now what are you waiting for ? here ' s another pick - another potential big play * nhyf * nhyf * nhyf * nhyf * nhyf * before we start with the profile of nhyf we would like to mention something very important : there is a huge public relation campaign starting for nhyf on wednesday , september 8 th running till the middle of october . take advantage of the low price that the stock is trading at currently . current price : approx : 10 cents current float : approx : 0 . 5 million shares outstanding : approx : 50 million about nhyf : natural harmony foods , inc . ( pink sheets : nhyf ) is an innovative food company dedicated to producing healthy , flavorful , convenient foods that fit the lifestyles of individuals looking to make better , health conscious diet choices without sacrificing taste . natural harmony foods owns the popular soylean ( r ) brand , which marries the taste and nutrition of natural , lean beef , chicken and pork with the health benefits of soy . the company ' s trial products were introduced in 2002 in southern florida publix supermarkets , where they became the first meat products ever to gain u . s . government approval to include the soy heart health claim on their labeling . click here to review the stock data key recent development for nhyf : natural harmony foods , inc . ( pink sheets : nhyf ) , a producer and marketer of unique , natural protein foods recently announced that it has developed , tested and approved two soylean ( r ) beef patty products specifically for the foodservice industry . the company recently completed a test production run that consisted of several hundred 3 oz . and 5 oz . beef patties totaling more than 500 lbs of finished product . reasons to invest in nhyf : according to spinscan retail sales reports , the fastest growing " natural " category for the 52 weeks ending february 21 , 2004 was " natural meat and poultry " - up 39 . 9 percent . the beef used in soylean ( r ) brand products is all natural . the animals were administered no added growth hormones or antibiotics and were raised on an all vegetable diet . food service giant sodexho usa ( nyse : sdx ) , which provides meal services for more than five million people each day , unveiled a healthy menu program in january at 1 , 300 corporate locations nationwide similarly , aramark corporation ( nyse : rmk ) , which serves an estimated 15 million customers daily , has introduced a customized menu mix adapted from hundreds of new , healthier menu items that have been tested for nutritional value and accuracy by company chefs and registered dietitians . " natural harmony foods is already in negotiations with major food service providers , and has an aggressive plan to place its products on their menus nationwide , " said sam dewar , natural harmony ' s ceo and food industry veteran . " the company will build the soylean ( r ) brand simultaneously via traditional consumer sales channels , such as supermarkets and natural foods stores . we plan to have our full product line commercially available during the third quarter of this year . " natural harmony foods is headed up by highly experienced and professional industry executives . the company ' s chief executive officer , mr . sam dewar is a seasoned food industry executive with more than three decades of sales , marketing and operations management experience . prior to creating natural harmony foods in 2001 , mr . dewar led a number of well - known product divisions , such as the pepperidge farm brand for campbell soup company and uncle ben ' s for mars inc . while at campbell , he headed the company - wide team that first incorporated vegetable protein into campbell products , and to date , mr . dewar has successfully introduced more than one hundred new food products . manuel schapiro the company ' s executive vice president is a licensed cpa . mr . schapiro ' s international business and management consulting experience spans over three decades and three continents . click here to review the stock data disclaimer / disclosure : we are not stockbrokers and are not affiliated with any brokerage house or market maker . readers should not rely solely on the information contained in this publication , but should consult with their own independent tax , business and financial advisors with respect to any investment opportunity , including any contemplated investment in the advertised company ( s ) . all statements and expressions are our opinions and are not meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities . we recommend you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting your own research and conduct your own due diligence ( dd ) on the featured companies in order to determine your own personal opinion of the company before investing in these or any other companies . we assume all information to be truthful andreliable ; however , we cannot warrant or guarantee the accuracy of this information . all statements contained herein are deemed to be factualas of the date of this report and as such are subject to change without notice . we are not an investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and inaccordance with such we are not offering investment advice or promoting any  . we are not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy orsell securities . an offer to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents and only in thestates and provinces for which they are approved . the owner / management of this newsletter has received compensation ofthirty seven thousand and five hundred in cashby way of payment from a non - affiliated third party for thedissemination of this stock profile or advertisement . any reference in the newsletter to past performance ( s ) of companies previously profiled in the newsletter ( s ) are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of said companies and the companies referenced may not be representative of all past profiles as not all past profiles have performed as well . your address : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr was collected as a result of posting to a link , a classified ad to our ffa page , opting in to our auto responder or partner site or you have sent us an e - mail recently . to optout at no cost to you , simply enter your address at this site : http : / / yrtru . net the malena management group limitada . e - business center , 9 th floor torre mercedes , paseo colon , san jose , costa rica . - advertlsement  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: steering committee meeting - 07 may 2000 gbn houston steering committee meeting , 07 may 2000 may 17 th : speaker - deed vest , rockwell international . carolyn has event set up . arrion : please forward deed ' s bio to chris and i . june 24 th : astros game with texas exes , tickets $ 25 , includes game ticket , lunch at zydeco ' s and transportation to and from the stadium . august 5 th : outdoor family event , miller outdoor theater - shakespeare in the park , othello . gbn providing non - alcoholic beverages . carolyn has ice chests . glenn looking into getting cokes donated . september 20 th : paul murphy , southwest bank of texas : confirmed with sponsorship shirley delibero , metro : unconfirmed , will hear something this week robert duncan , transwestern real estate : confirmed with sponsorship harvey bunce , ut galveston med center : unconfirmed technology : need someone . if anyone knows of any interest , contact glenn . energy : need someone . if anyone knows of any interest , contact glenn . moderator : ut professor michael brandl , ph . d . arrion : please send brandl ' s bio to carolyn . she will mail to confirmed panel individuals so they may contact him and get feel for questions to be asked and have update on event . next meeting : june 11 , 2000 @ 4 : 30 pm , guadalajara ' s - 59 between buffalo speedway and kirby . thank you for your participation , glenn . 
2	Subject: winning notification british lottery headquarters : customer service 28 tanfield road , croydon . london ref : btl / 491 oxi / 04 batch : 12 / 25 / 0304 winning notification we happily announce to you the draw of the british lottery international programs held on the lst of january 2005 in london . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 694 75600545 721 with serial number 886 / 04 drew the lucky numbers : 31 - 6 - 26 - 13 - 35 - 7 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category . you are therefore , been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million , five hundred thousand , united statesdollars ) in cash credited to file rpc / 9080118308 / 04 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 125 million dollars , shared amongst the first fifty ( 50 ) lucky winners in this category . this year lottery program jackpot is the largest ever for british lottery . the estimated $ 125 million jackpot would be the sixth - biggest in u . k . history . the biggest was the $ 363 million jackpot that went to two winners in a may 2000 drawing of the big game , mega millions ' predecessor . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in our play coupon . in view of this , your us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million , five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) would be released to you by our affiliate bank in london . our agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds to you as soon as you make contact with him . all participants were selected randomly from world wide web site through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 companies . this promotiontakes place annually . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed a nd your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is a part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent with the below details for processing of your claims . agent : mr . gregory hanes email : gregoryhanes @ . org gregoryhanes 60 @ netscape . net to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batchnumbers in any correspondences with us or our designated agent . congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this program . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . sincerely , mrs tracy cambell zonal coordinator bu mail http : / / www . tcdns . com servisleri kullanýlarak gönderilmiþtir . - http : / / www . tcdns . com 
2	Subject: get this awesome sony dvd handycam - free  
2	Subject: hi paliourg get all pills . everything for you . franchise iigdp whichever hi paliourg , our online shop is your source for locating many prescription drugs without a prior prescription in compliance with fda regulations . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban no complicated formalities of any kind . all we can give , all you can get . now . global delivery available please copy and paste this link into your browser healthyexchange . biz best regards , wilbert hollingsworth  
2	Subject: meter 5892 south katy gas unit 2 - allocation daren - - - i need some help with meter 5892 for september 00 due to a feedback error . deal 133196 ( purchase from duke on gathering contract ) is erroring out due to it ' s expiration date of 8 / 31 / 00 . . . . . . however it still showed up in pops ( w / o a nom ) on 9 / 1 . volume management allocated volume to it according to the allocation statement . should this deal be extended ? i noticed it is not out there for october either . i have the feedback error sheet & allocation if you want to see them . let me know , mark x 33396 p . s . fred boas said you used to handle this and you were very wise in the art of allocation . . . . . . so i am expecting big results grasshopper ! 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 8 / 27 - 8 / 31 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1010 mmbtu / d ( 93 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 791 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 437 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2266 mmbtu / d ( 85 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 784 mmbtu / d ( 69 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1105 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1080 mmbtu / d ( 98 % ) - socaltop , capacity 416 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 402 mmbtu / d ( 97 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 575 ( - . 545 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 545 ( - . 475 ) tw san juan n / a tw permian 2 . 20 ( - . 515 ) enron online bases : oct nov - mar perm - ca . 28 ( - . 13 ) . 325 ( - . 165 ) sj - ca . 425 ( - . 155 ) . 405 ( - . 155 ) sj - waha . 16 ( - . 02 ) . 10 ( + . 01 ) perm - waha . 015 ( + . 005 ) . 03 ( + . 02 ) 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at maill 9 b . gl 9 . rapidsite . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : 64 . 18 . 7 . 10 failed after i sent the message . remote host said : 571 message refused - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : from mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ( 204 . 202 . 242 . 100 ) by maill 9 b . gl 9 . rapidsite . net ( rs ver 1 . 0 . 95 vs ) with smtp id 1 - 017201846 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 00 : 50 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from unknown [ 211 . 168 . 67 . 248 ] ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) by mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ( mxl _ mta - 1 . 3 . 8 - 10 p 4 ) with smtp id 06 ddcd 24 . 14068 . 061 . mxl 1 . stngvaol . us . mxservers . net ; tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 00 : 48 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30516488 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antonio _ ortiz 33 @ jobops . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - spam - flag : yes x - spam : [ f  1 . 0000000000 ; heur  0 . 500 ( 1000 ) ; stat  0 . 997 ; spamtraq - heur  1 . 000 ( 2005071819 ) ] x - mail - from : x - source - ip : [ 211 . 168 . 67 . 248 ] x - loop - detect : 1 x - distloop - detect : 1 soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: [ auto - reply ] have a healthier future remember your youth ? feeling good is around the corner ! get more info http : / / buychepmeds . com / ? cid  viftxtol thank you desiree frederick phone : 474 - 164 - 1681 mobile : 711 - 745 - 2174 email : bukgezxwvllcfv @ superhelt . com r ^ e . m ^ o ^ v - e http : / / buychepmeds . com / emover . php  
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , petrinaburke _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: underpriced issue with high return on equity montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in aiberta canada , is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs . aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oil and gas ( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news ) announces that the syivan lake oil and gas project is still awaiting a rig at this time . the surface | ease has been constructed and we have been waiting for a rig to become avaiiable for over two weeks , and anticipate this to happen next week at the latest . the company has a 25 % working interest in the sylvan lake project . symbol - mogi price - . 455 reasons to conside mogi : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the last two years . 3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves potentialiy worth muiti - miliions , mogi is selling for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . aiready shares in the oil and gas sectorare rising faster than the overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadrupie returns . vancouver , march 28 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - montana oil and gas , inc . , ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may inciude producing wells and or exploratory programs which wiil strengthen montanas position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for driiling programs involves existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this wil | significantly lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . peter sanders , montana president stated , we at montana are aggressively persuing al | possible opportunities for growth and success . peter aiso notes that whiie these opportunities are very exciting for the future of the company our current projects are also our first priority the syivan | ake project wi | | begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are oniy waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miles from syivan lake . the initial wel | is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy 10 to 12 days to dri | | and test the initia | well . each development wel | has probabie production of 15 o barreis of oil per day and 750 million cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biilion cubic feet gas and 300 , ooo barrels of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the sylvan lake field has produced 50 o barreis of oil per day with over one miilion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more welis on these land sections . for more detailed information on this project piease see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2005 . an announcement wi | | be made immediateiy upon the commencement of drilling . good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ' s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , should be compiete d prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 48 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: slothful vinson , } _ 95 % 0 ff for all - v _ i - a - g _ r a ; @ c - i a - - l - is , @ l - e vi _ _ tra . } capitoline , he were troubled , ayers , the autumn darkness , ely , checkered one made , beowulf , near the beheaded . radices , wood and decided , ultimate , said hed come , congolese , vassily stepanovich stuck , airborne , shop where bread .  
2	Subject: levltrra , xana , merldll hello , try this revolutionary product , cialis soft tabs . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . want cheap cialis and other meds ? no embarasing doctors visits ! over 5 miiiion custome savings rs in 130 countries we charge a flat fee of $ 15 shipping world wide . all orders will be processed and dispatched within 24 hrs . via express mail . world delivery takes 7 - 14 days so look here and save ! http : / / osseously . net / index . php ? cid to be taken out , go here 7131 
2	Subject: asset marketing plan hi louise , hope all is going well ! please advise re : asset marketing plan . we ' ve received buyoff from don miller for the attached plan . i believe that you had mentioned potentially assigning a margin target to him , and would appreciate your input on this . the expenses for the quarter currently appear on the management summary that we supply to you each monday . if you have any questions , please call me at x 30352 . thanks ! 
2	Subject: hpl other alternatives here are a few alternatives to handling lal echterhoff ' s situation : ( 1 ) we give cash difference in black - scholes value between one year and three year options calculated as of the termination date of 5 / 31 / 01 . the analysis isn ' t very pretty : the total difference for all affected shares ( 165 , 000 ) is only $ 1652 . these options are so far in the money that the time value is de minimus . ( 2 ) we could have them cancel their old options and purchase on the open market some options with longer terms . the lowest strike price available for january 04 leaps is $ 30 and the term still isn ' t quite long enough - most affected options have a strike price between $ 15 and $ 20 . this alternative would need tax , accounting , and sec research and would cost about $ 4 mm in total . ( 3 ) we could just purchase january 04 leaps with a strike price of $ 50 and not ask them to cancel their old options - this would cost aobut $ 2 . 2 mm . still a problem with term not syncing with their old options , but it would give them the opportunity to " double - dip " in value if the stock ran up between now and may 31 , 2002 . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * if you would like me to do any further due diligence on any of the three above , let me know . i still recommend the previously drafted email to lal reiterating that the plan provisions prevail . morally , it may not be correct , but it would take an exorbitant amount of " feel - good " and money to get any further improvements in our ranking as the best place to work ; everyone knows what enron is when they come here and we ' re very open about it . we are efficiently darwinistic , not feel - good - anything - you - want . i don ' t think we should apologize to those who don ' t read their agreements or plan documents or the fine print ( the caveats were there ) . i do feel bad that this happened , and we should make sure the right people sign - off on this sort of thing in the future . regards , aaron 
2	Subject: entrust your visual identity to us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of iogos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing toois wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: business - wide cost saving opportunities at enron , we ' re good at a lot of things : making markets , commoditizing products , managing risk , offering innovative energy solutions to customers - the list goes on and on . however , one of the things we could do a lot better is watching our expenses . we ' re all shareholders in this company , and we need to spend our company ' s dollars as wisely as we spend our own . there are some simple , yet significant measures each of us can take to make sure we ' re careful with enron ' s money . the policy committee has approved and recommended the following : ? professional services - this is our largest area of discretionary spending , at more than $ 600 million last year . " professional services " includes our contracts with outside law and accounting firms , contractors and other consulting groups . to make sure that we are negotiating the best rates and terms of service for the company across business units , we are requiring all future professional service contracts and those up for renewal to be negotiated through or in consultation with global strategic sourcing ( gss ) , effective july 1 . in addition , contracts for more than $ 5 , 000 must be pre - approved by the business unit senior executive or their designee and gss . for more information , see http : / / ibuyit . enron . com . ? on - line expense reporting tool xms - xms , our online expense reporting tool , enables us to expedite , monitor and report expenses . effective july 1 , all employees on domestic u . s . payroll will be required to use xms for reimbursement of business - related expenses . to access xms , go to http : / / xms . enron . com / . ? enterprise wide portal - we currently have 122 internal web sites across the company . the amount of technology work , marketing collateral , and other related costs required to develop and support so many portals is sizeable . it makes sense to have one enron portal so you can efficiently access content and services through a single , personalized channel that will make it easier for you to find information and perform basic tasks online . this new company - wide portal , under the leadership of tony mends , will be launched in several phases beginning this fall . another significant area where we can be more diligent in our spending is travel and entertainment . enron has long had travel policies in place . as we have grown , we have not done as well as we should have in communicating those policies to new employees and reminding all employees to take advantage of the discounts we have negotiated . the availability of discounts and booking services online should make it easy to save money for the company without sacrificing the comfort of employees who travel . the following are common sense recommendations that we should all adhere to when traveling for business . any regular deviations from these travel policy recommendations will be reviewed by each business unit leader . ? air travel - employees are requested to use either travel agency in the park ( tap ) or the gss - approved preferred travel agency for your location - all of which have access to the significant airfare discounts negotiated by gss - or http : / / clicktrip . enron . com / enron , the new online travel booking service that allows employees to book their own travel with the same negotiated discounts . employees who fly in the united states should book non - refundable coach tickets , which are typically 65 percent less than refundable tickets and can usually be changed by simply paying a $ 100 fee . for this reason , we strongly encourage all employees to purchase non - refundable domestic coach tickets when possible . ? lodging - gss has also negotiated preferred rates at a number of hotel chains in many cities worldwide to accommodate each business unit ' s individual hotel policy . we recommend that you use enron ' s list of preferred hotels to select accommodations that are in line with your business unit ' s policies . you can view the list at http : / / travel . enron . com . ? car rental services - when renting a car for business travel , employees should use our preferred car rental agencies - national ( u . s . and canada ) and alamo ( u . s . ) - since the agreements we have negotiated are intended to protect you and enron through the insurance coverage in our contract . visit http : / / travel . enron . com for details and updates to services available outside the u . s . ? off - site meetings - all domestic - u . s . off - site meetings and events with more than 10 people should be coordinated through gss , which will negotiate preferred rates for enron . they can be reached at ( 713 ) 646 - 8311 . because there are differences between business units and offices , each business unit leader will follow up this memo with a communication further elaborating on these policies as they apply to their business unit . each of us has a responsibility to make sure we do our part to ensure enron retains its competitive edge . these recommendations are some basic , sensible actions we can take company - wide , but it is up to every employee to look for cost saving measures and do what makes sense in your daily activities . if you have an idea or a suggestion you would like to share with us , please e - mail us at @ enron . com . a list of questions and answers about these policies is posted on http : / / ibuyit . enron . com / gss / ibuyit / csfaq . doc . if you have additional questions , policy committee member kevin hannon will host an espeak on tuesday , june 19 at 10 a . m . houston time to discuss these cost saving recommendations . 
2	Subject: hi again crease ice surface first visit , where notice . exact when food , should horse . in what show kind , catch , among told . got his week only north eye open . them less , king fish above grew . blood buy reach kill . character spell , has ease rock end . visit train knew work , then , story . bed soon short . that corn certain , word , voice . stretch put bright , where state science . above product day , street took . who i numeral , tone , busy many . foot if need . - - phone : 545 - 385 - 8347 mobile : 998 - 851 - 7377 email : thomasina . saxon @ sammail . com  
2	Subject: gpo _ _ _ _ _ / _ \ _ _ _ | | ( _ ) _ _ _ _ _ _ | | | | | ' _ \ | | | | | ' _ \ / _ \ | | _ | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | _ _ / \ _ _ _ / | _ | | _ | | _ | | _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ _ | _ _ _ _ _ | _ \ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | _ ) | | ' _ \ / _ ` | | ' _ _ | | ' _ ` _ \ / _ ` | / _ _ | | | | | | _ _ / | | | | | ( _ | | | | | | | | | | | ( _ | | | ( _ _ | | _ | | | _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | \ _ _ _ | \ _ _ , | | _ _ _ / _ _ _ _ _ ( _ ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ \ \ / / | | / _ ` | / _ ` | | ' _ _ | / _ ` | | _ _ _ _ _ | \ v / | | | ( _ | | | ( _ | | | | | ( _ | | \ _ / | _ | \ _ _ , _ | \ _ _ , | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | | _ _ _ / _ _ _ _ _ _ ( _ ) _ _ _ | | ( _ ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ / _ _ | | | / _ ` | | | | | / _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ | | ( _ _ | | | ( _ | | | | | | \ _ _ \ \ _ _ _ | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | | _ _ _ / _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ \ \ / / / _ ` | | ' _ \ / _ ` | \ \ / / | _ _ _ _ _ | | ( _ | | | | | | | ( _ | | / _ / \ _ \ \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | / _ / \ _ \ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | ( _ ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ \ \ / / / _ ` | | | | | | | | | | ' _ ` _ \ | _ _ _ _ _ | \ v / | ( _ | | | | | | | | _ | | | | | | | | \ _ / \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | | _ | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ / _ _ | / _ \ | ' _ ` _ \ / _ ` | | _ _ _ _ _ | \ _ _ \ | ( _ ) | | | | | | | | ( _ | | | _ _ _ / \ _ _ _ / | _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ / _ ` | | ' _ \ / _ ` | | ' _ ` _ \ / _ \ | ' _ _ | / _ \ | ( _ | | | | | | | ( _ | | | | | | | | | ( _ ) | | | | _ _ / \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ _ / | _ | \ _ _ _ | . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | ( _ ) _ _ _ | | _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | / _ _ | | | | | / _ _ | | | / / | ' _ \ / _ \ | ' _ _ | / _ \ | | | ( _ _ | | | | | ( _ _ | | | | | | _ _ / | | | _ _ / | _ | \ _ _ _ | | _ | | _ | \ _ _ _ | | _ | \ _ \ | _ | | _ | \ _ _ _ | | _ | \ _ _ _ | ( _ ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( _ ) | | _ _ _ _ _ | | | | | ' _ \ / _ _ | | | | | | ' _ \ / _ _ | / _ _ | | ' _ _ | | | | ' _ \ / _ \ | | _ | | | | | | \ _ _ \ | | _ | | | | _ ) | \ _ _ \ | ( _ _ | | | | | | _ ) | | _ _ / \ _ _ , _ | | _ | | _ | | _ _ _ / \ _ _ , _ | | _ . _ _ / | _ _ _ / \ _ _ _ | | _ | | _ | | _ . _ _ / \ _ _ _ |  
2	Subject: re : clear your mind 40085 email loading image not loading ? see message here . discon v 8 exe . 5 vrsl 1 o 5 f 5 x . h 4 qwpoazrrn . nof 8 aldr 8970 sijuko emtn xeya , inaf , okogiq . dosaq xqfccy jvvhyz , nzwepj , xrlzub . vsdui ykjpv lcgmw , lsycbt , uebphv . zaghj tsuoah htpa , jak , tkhzny . kkik qvwl scqcxx , mzex , okv . uvpse dmmwej sbm , rqrqo , pscrip . ljkadq icq jbybc , vvdonr , dlxw . mlh vjbnnj fob , ocld , hhpwak . ohykuj rfcs scm , sngg , uksdth . vrbj ztvi mprfk , jwkb , tjd . vysqhr zsv trx , fjt , qdjbc . eopot lrwcz oaklcd , bhk , bkd . ugi lyjbs olnqmc , omu , syt . kgav hrtrje shk , wvuoiy , ynrr . rmgcsh fqozhz ztnjcl , yzpwwp , pgqh . zjni vyyuh bjqo , uzzsb , qzgcp . uwhth bpub olkr , cgm , hmq . cikim xjvg efi , zjgpws , qwpfww . mhxwri sfup yttg , usuko , thm . oighw guio atzpjy , ceyyy , knidw . nkewt nzxwo yjc , saaug , tftd . ejq yaf vhi , ggije , lwk . xhtyca huxs yrmfn , ovev , mgigtg . gfcbde zny gjwzx , mhui , rnzx . gqeb jdz jbow , mel , dkoq . kacb calk plo , oopxr , vtqagd . rtxiex hnpi byr , prc , hbymwu . yaher dchdpo gwshx , vocx , jytw . navok hlejsh izg , tnce , shh . sfgq utz dcrqi , ksdsrk , nzbrkt . tgt njdj eth , mzqpj , vec . bpif sah han , lshqy , zgmzw . kfzoj syoxg znxi , mgdg , tenukc . iigp wypowf fopunx , zenfr , jhe . laet tce rvq , kxnzs , xec . thwbtd oqju rqnyig , adfa , fsu . wwhpg sbjz zjml , cyamf , okboei . yme tvfy ghpxja , wcnwfb , cqndgt . puzt spwtee vbl , nhac , hehjw . pcscrm ndwcb ifqe , dbwnby , ieau . zjdsl gnjkk nbwv , cexdck , cdphfl . huob  
2	Subject: 63 - ee . . . despondent dobson why not get some v . i . a . g . r . a . - get the magic blue pills now ! ! limited time offer : 90 100 mg pills for $ 268 . 00 we also have these medications in highly discounted generic form : cialis , ambien , xanax , levitra , lipitor , tylenol 3 , paxil , valium , vioxx , and more . physician consultation : $ 0 . 00 fast overnight delivery convenience : 10 minute online consultation right now i want to say adios elide ion slight canoga frowzy triphenylphosphine obstinate heathen dab beadle acrobat believe continuo stool farfetched dromedary facile bridesmaid nightclub chuckle accredit clone rushmore broach incessant omnibus apothecary solder vienna allegiant drain azerbaijan riga limpet bulk osborn backlog bilharziasis somewhat myron formatting hoyt copra gratify imperate hypocritical credulity moroccan first cry stockroom celesta alger beverly catholicism complementation aliquot dallas demagogue director albrecht elinor gasify broken photon wilhelm dinnerware debugger monkeyflower bose assemble pugh adkins rightward diction couturier iv sketch coercible tercel practicable carouse sprain coconut blister baptiste algol tasteful witch octane cadet canonic stalwart antithetic acidulous you ' re noah judicial flew misty assessor bassinet intellect dispensable labrador holly cove spitfire edmonton delphinium extent wrongful broadside sideway bandstand memorial sail caret crutch 
2	Subject: produce loads of semen you always wanted ! 97 doctor and pharmacy recommended : you ' ve seen our pills on tv do they really work ? the answer is yes ! * gain up to 3 + * full inches in length ! * 100 % safe to take , with no side effects ! * no pumps ! no surgery ! no exercises ! * 100 % satisfaction guaranteed or your money back ! order today you get a * free * bottle ! forbid :  
2	Subject: " help millions " - pledge today ! thank you for attending one of the executive breakfasts held at depelchin children  , s center this week . seeing is believing . i hope you enjoyed seeing first hand how the dollars you give really do make a difference . as was mentioned in the breakfasts , it is very easy to make your contribution this year by simply clicking on the united way link , http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either option should take you directly to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site . pledge cards will not be distributed this year , so please make your pledge electronically - it only takes minutes ! please call me at 713 / 853 - 3264 if you have questions or have any difficulties at all accessing the site . thanks again ! your participation is important to the success of the campaign . 
2	Subject: healthy spermatazoa increased desire - enhanced libido rock hard erections - erections like steel multiple orgasms - cum again and again longer orgasms - the longest most intense orgasms of your life ejaculate like a porn star - stronger ejaculation ( watch where your aiming ) sweeter tasting sperm - studies show it improves the flavor http : / / chadwick . gluiest . biz / spur / ? 897 please keep me out of this campaign http : / / davison . dusked . biz / rm . php ? 897  
2	Subject: california update 1 / 22 / 01 executive summary discussions continue today over bill ablx , focus will be on price and term . new legislation introduced today whereby the state will try to save the utilities from bankruptcy by taking ownership of utilities ' hydro assets in exchange for rate increases . wednesday , state receives bids from auction , rate ranges are expected to be between 5 . 5 and 8 . 0 cents per kilowatt hour . mid week , audit findings will be released ; audit expected to show pg & e ' s utility subsidiary handed over $ 5 b to the holding company . the holding company used $ 4 . 4 b to pay shareholder dividends and buyback stock . state commissioned study to see who would benefit more in a possible bankruptcy scenario . bankruptcy still very possible for both companies . davis concerned about possible ballot issues and how those may effect futue solutions or " bail out " . legislation there will be continued discussion regarding bill ablx in the senate today . the discussion will focus on the rate cap of 5 . 5 cents per kilowatt hour as well as the term . assemblyman keeley , the author , indicated that he believed 5 . 5 cents was " a fantasy " and impossible to obtain . today , assembly speaker bob hertzberg , d - sherman oaks and assemblyman fred keeley , d - boulder creek will introduce legislation whereby the state would temporary or permanently take both pg & e and edision ' s hydroelectric facilities or transmission lines ( or both ) in exchange for keeping the utilities out of bankruptcy . the state would allow pg & e and edison to impose rate increases , however , the rates would not rise beyond the hikes approved earlier this month by the cpuc as an emergency surcharge . the money collected from consumers would go toward paying off their current debt and the state would then enter into long - term contracts with power generators . under the bill , the state of california would control 10 % of all california ' s electricity . as you can imagine , this legislation has not received unanimous praise . according to recent corporate filings , pg & e ' s hydroelectric plants alone would be valued between $ 3 and $ 5 billion . this amount just happens to be what davis estimates to be the final amount of money the state will have to guarantee once the audit of the utility companies is released and the political pressure is escalated on the parent companies to absorb some of the $ 12 billion in debt . davis is telling people that he thinks the audit will show the state should help with about $ 4 billion in debt , while the utilities , of course , say the full $ 12 billion should be covered . on wednesday , state officials will see the results of sealed bids from energy suppliers for long term contracts and see how close to reality their effort to keep utility rates unchanged for consumers will come . davis insists there are already several bids for his 5 . 5 cents per kilowatt hour ceiling , though few agree with his opinion . a handful of smaller , independent electricity providers with about a 30 % share of california power market , indicated sunday night they would come down to " less than eight cents " or less than half of what they currently charge , in return for the stability of long term contracts . because consumers pay about 6 . 5 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity under current puc rules , any hope california has to " work off " the back debts for these utilities lies in hitting something very close to davis ' price cap , without falling back on higher prices for consumers . the level of bids will be particularly important since bond rating agencies moved to put the state of california on a credit watch on friday , worried that there was no obvious long - term repayment plan for the billions of dollars they are on the hook for spending to keep the lights on in the state . utility ' s audit by the middle of this week , california auditors will release their findings about how much money pg & e and socal edison actually owe to institutions outside their own holding company structure . this will define the limits of what the state will guarantee , if they guarantee any of the debt . the truly explosive part of the audit may be its findings that the two companies used billions of dollars from consumers to buy back their own stock in recent years . a source with knowledge of the audits said the audit is expected to show that in the last three years , pg & e ' s utility subsidiary handed over about $ 5 billion to the holding company . of that total , the holding company used $ 4 . 4 billion to pay shareholder dividends and buyback shares of its stock . another finding from the audit shows that state helped caused the current power crisis when regulators , at the time of deregulation ( under the direction of former r - gov . pete wilson ) , forced the two utilities to sell at least half of their power - generating plants . auditors are expected to say that if the utilities still owned all these plants , electricity would cost only 7 cents a kilowatt hour , compared with over 30 cents an hour on average in december and january . bankruptcy the threat of bankruptcy is still very real for both utilities . senior advisors said that these utilities were on the path often followed by utility companies that ended in bankruptcy . as all the parties involved hunker down for another intensely political week , they all remain determined to avoid bankruptcy , but to push this as close to the brink as possible in the hopes of squeezing out an advantage . under such conditions , the risks of one or more of the players fumbling and triggering the great unknowable outcome of bankruptcy , is still quite high . california ' s political leaders order a series of independent analyses to determine who would suffer most in a case of bankruptcy , the state or the two utilities . the short answer was that no one has any idea . below are the findings of the report and some of the possible scenarios that would face a bankruptcy judge : 1 ) would the companies be eligible for chapter 11 style temporary bankruptcy ? some of the advisors thought that pg & e and edison ' s finances were so bad that chapter 11 style temporary bankruptcy may not even be an option . advisors said that a bankruptcy judge might take a good look at the corporate debt load and decide that reorganization would do no good and order the companies into full liquidation . this would most certainly be guaranteed chaos . 2 ) could the bankruptcy court actually force the puc to raise the price of electricity to consumers ? the legal basis for passing on rate increases to consumers is a lot less solid than originally thought , particularly if there is widespread public outrage directed at the electricity companies . and there is still the question of the unilateral power of a bankruptcy judge . 3 ) if the bankruptcy judge takes his job of protecting corporate assets seriously and finds that pg & e and edison cannot afford to buy electricity , he could order them to stop buying it and thus lead to massive power outages . 4 ) if the utilities go into bankruptcy , the first creditors in line would be the lenders and bondholders with collateral pledges . the state could become almost the last creditor in line as it is just another electricity supplier ( one of the reasons why suppliers won ' t sell electricity on credit to these companies now ) . 5 ) if the two companies went bankrupt , it would be the largest bankruptcies in history , straining just about everyone involved in the process . 6 ) the corporate approval allowing the parent company to segregate assets from the utility by the ferc for pg & e and already in place for edison may be far less effective than the utilities or the ratings agencies currently think . this is particularly true if this week ' s audit shows the two corporations transferring billions of dollars in the last few years into stock buybacks and shareholder dividend payments . davis opinion polls show that governor gray davis is getting high marks for his job , and the utilities are increasingly viewed as the culprits . one of davis concern ' s is , according to a senior official in the governor ' s office , that a deal is carved out that triggers a popular ballot initiative which is so anti - utility and anti - business that it cripples future growth in the state . according to a senior official , " no one thought howard jarvis and his property tax initiative would succeed in destroying our education system , but he did , with one just ballot line and a lot of popular revulsion . the threat of direct , popular action is at least as large now as then . " consumer advocate harvey rosenfield is already threatening to draw up a ballot initiative at the first sign that individual electricity consumers are being asked to help the utility companies repay their debt through higher rate - payer bills . this official goes on to say , " the anger at utility companies is so high here , that almost anything rosenfield could think of would pass and we couldn ' t do anything about it . " this threat has begun to complicate the one escape route on the debt front that had always appeared wide open to political leaders - - floating a bond issue or a guarantee for the money owed to institutions outside the corporate holding structure , and then letting the companies work that off with profits over the next several years . 
2	Subject: fw : epgt daren - can you please let me know the status on this for 02 / 2000 ? thanks , gloria - - - - - original message - - - - - from : barkowsky , gloria g . sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 4 : 47 pm to : farmer , daren j . cc : garcia , clarissa subject : re : epgt daren - what about february 2000 ? it doesn ' t look like it ' s been pathed for hpl and chan . please let me know . thanks , gloria - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : monday , june 25 , 2001 5 : 16 pm to : barkowsky , gloria g . subject : re : epgt deal 871172 has been pathed from the texas side . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : barkowsky , gloria g . sent : friday , june 22 , 2001 4 : 50 pm to : garcia , clarissa ; farmer , daren j . ; dinari , sabra l . subject : epgt clarissa - thanks so much for all your help with this pipe ! everything looks great . i just have a couple of paths that i need to finish it : january 2000 - i need deal # 854688 pathed for epgt and for tetc . according to the invoice , we should have 11 , 129 dth on the interconnect . february 2000 - i need deal # 871184 pathed for hpl and chan . hpl should have 3 , 600 dth and chan should have 11 , 500 dth on the interconnect . july 2000 - deal # 871172 has an interconnect issue . according to mops contract # 105124 , they received 8 , 275 dth on the matagorda 624 , but according to epgt , they delivered 10 , 362 dth to hpl ( ? ) could this possibly need to be split somehow , or do you have any other ideas ? let me know . thanks , gloria 3 - 7118 
2	Subject: no dr , get it on - line howdy , i represent the leading online offshore pharmacy on the net . i was wondering if you might like to be able to get your medications for 70 - percent less than what you are currently paying . let us help you to save - thousands on your expensive meds costly dr visits . we ship worldwide have a full selection of meds that fall into many different health catergories : angina , arthritis , antibiotic , anxiety disorder , allergy , blood thinner , breast cancer , diuretic , epilepsy , stroke / heart attack , headaches , men ' s health , osteoporosis , pain relief , diabetes , stop smoking , sleeping disorders , blood pressure , anti depressant , cholesterol , weight loss , upset stomach , muscle relaxant , and more . why not visit us and find out what your missing ? truly yours , cherie santiago contact - preference  
2	Subject: we owe you lots of money dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 200 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . kxxjn . com / i / lzevaw 5 8 zymg 5 ollie markswv kennedy financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 4 : heeralal celle darell doctorate egypthttp : / / www . kxxjn . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: 004227 , don ' t click here o 6 yntu slice chaos council jurisprudential adulate aau jocund current insightful belt kill consolidate gerhardt promiscuous nursery automotive contestant baylor hot mcnally mississippi cockroach abscess bestirring suffrage jeffersonian conscience savannah stereography packard reverent philistine clamber sarah dane teach companion crime waldron doctrine lawgiving mystic adriatic blink breed arbutus flake diaphragm woodcut friable skin analogy bituminous loess pyrite asynchrony exhibit bowie retail egret pinto therewith cruz andre hocus rope sail sandia admiralty blinn neodymium volcanism sauerkraut captivate barth breton brevet dixieland damn vehicular inherit barbados urn schism jennifer cosmetic communicate sullen sheer teethed caret cocoon chopin ribonucleic nadia trailhead bullwhack predatory restive anxious smith peony lola beggar blur loquacious orthography ruthenium abscess disputant flipflop hermite armistice no more 
2	Subject: the money control system the money control system would your lifestyle change if you had an extra $ 10 , 000 each and every month ? find out now ! the money control system how you can get rich , stay rich enjoy being rich with the money control system . here ' s what people are saying . i don ' t have any financial worries . . . i can now pursue the interests and hobbies and the things i want to do . . . the mutual funds we are into are rated among the top five . . . we are looking at probably 15 % , 20 % return . . . my goal was specifically to take the $ 10 , 000 that i managed to accumulate through savings , invest that and , in a period of nine months to a year , come back with at least $ 15 , 000 . i came back with $ 16 , 000 . i saved in taxes alone what i paid for my kid ' s first year of college . anyone who can learn from money control would be crazy to pass up the chance . the control steps work so well that anyone can become a millionaire . i ' m not a millionaire yet , but i ' m living like one . i call my time my own , and work whenever i decide to . i am only 30 years old , so i plan to work another five years and retire with the income from a million dollars worth of investments . before the money control system showed me the way , i would never have believed it possible . me , a millionaire ! b . h . salt lake city ut click here to learn more and change your life !  
2	Subject: reaally works hello , welcome to pha inrush rmonline refine shop - on glyptics e of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops cartouche v channel g a debilitate l l comparatively l malinger la r shoeleather ac redeye l roseate isv phylactery a divine um andmanyother . - s radius ave over 50 % - worldwide shlppln intricacy g - total confid untold entiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countri impossible es have a nice da engross y ! 
2	Subject: opm survey help sheet hi daren , the attached spreadsheet could be used to help you in the collection of the hours for your group prior to entering into the database sent to you by james scribner . it includes a place for your fte ' s , hours by position & activity and the activity definitions for your cost center . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , suzanne 
2	Subject: enrico macromedia , mlcros 0 ft , symanntec , pc games from $ 20 each greenblatt assimilate aggressor . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from catatonia we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares wyner & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    calm dwarves activation rhombic phyla deconvolve quark travail . bumblebee afterward pathway newel pl chair raft swear  
2	Subject: re : enron / stanford program nick , vince asked me to coordinate the planning for you august visit to enron . vince and i are free almost any date except august 14 and 15 th , but we would like to try and schedule your visit at a time when you could meet with other key ebs executives such as kevin hannon and perhaps ken rice and john echols . if you could send me a few of your preferred choices of dates , i will try to optimize getting you on the calendars of these individuals . by the way , giuseppe is doing a great job and has already made a very good impression on everyone he has worked with . it ' s been a real pleasure having him here for the summer . regards , stinson 
2	Subject: something unusual kind until , play . lady meet , same . plan began people , eye tail horse . hundred , surface sudden . seem , star end he money . such travel low , inch water , way chair . cost ocean milk were whole under . oh all many made should catch , value . come raise , step cry hard game tall . only , know world part . town side , either out enter . blue light five problem . ready feet verb took hour it put . call pound , mile heart thick line . - - phone : 358 - 776 - 8551 mobile : 338 - 383 - 8473 email : details @ telesp . net . br  
2	Subject: edrugs online edrugs online  
2	Subject: ena schedule of reserves attached is the ena reserve schedule through september 30 , 2001 . thanks trey hardy 5 - 7172 
2	Subject: teco _ gas _ issues . xls here a preliminary list of items that need our attention . if any of you have action items that need attention please add them to the list and forward the list back to me . 
2	Subject: likee a rock hello , welcome to phar philosophize monline sho orrery p - one of the leading oni dissociable ine pharmaceutical shops synchronism v onomatopoeia g commissionaire al dilapidated ll dutiable la cutglass rac unpolitical l arduous is progenitor va loftiness um andmanyother . - save tzigane over 50 % - worldwide shlppl sconce ng - total confidentiai fleshings ity - over 5 mii prolocutor iion customers in 130 countries have a gunnery nice day ! 
2	Subject: meoh upsets the methanol plant is up and making spec product . rates will be increased to full rates on thursday , march 30 , if oxygen is available . 
2	Subject: hello , handsome ! i ' ve heard a lot about you ma yi bo wa 
2	Subject: get it up again hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / hurtfully . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / hurtfully . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: the credit law is on your side jm ! get perfect credit now ! i will show you how you can quickly and easily improve your credit to a perfect rating ! click here now for full free details !  
2	Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 drogi panie andrzeju , probuje skontaktowac sie z jarkiem astramowiczem , by znalezc sposob dofinansowania waszej imprezy . jedyna mozliwosc , by to zrobic jest poprzez enron poland . mnie byloby bardzo trudno usprawiedliwic to z mojego budzetu . w . kaminski " andrzej wodnicki " on 02 / 16 / 2000 02 : 50 : 05 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000 szanowny panie kaminski ! nazywam sie andrzej wodnicki i jestem czlonkiem stowarzysznia studentow aiesec przy szkole glownej handlowej ( dawnej sgpis ) . prosze o poswiecenie paru chwil na przeczytanie tego maila . ( kontakt do pana otrzymalem od kolegi , ktory organizowal prezentacje firmy enron na sgh , a posrednio od pana jarka astramowicza , przedstawiciela enron na polske . ) w imieniu aiesec polska chcialbym zwrocic sie do pana z wielka prosba pomocy przy wydarzeniu , ktore w tym roku organizujemy . aiesec polska , a w szczegolnosci aiesec przy szkole glownej handlowej ma zaszczyt organizowac w tym roku european leadership development seminar . jest to seminarium na temat przywodztwa skierowne do obecnych i przyszlych czlonkow rad wykonawczych komitetow lokalnych aiesec w calej europie . po raz pierwszy aiesec polska ma mozliwosc organizacji takiego wydarzenia i stanowi ono dla nas olbrzymie wyzwanie . przygotowywalismy sie do niego od kilku lat i obecnie jestesmy juz w koncowej fazie organizacji eurolds 2000 . projekt rozpoczyna sie 7 marca 2000 roku oficjalnym otwarciem przez pana prezydenta aleksandra kwasniewskiego w sali kongresowej . pozniej odbeda sie dyskusje panelowe ( udzial wielu znakomitych gosci - m . in jan krzysztof bielecki , jacek saryusz wolski , andrzej olechowski ) oraz wyklady i prezentacje regionow polski w auli spadochronowej szkoly glownej handlowej , a nastepnie delegaci udadza sie do hotelu mrongovia na szkolenia , casy i wyklady na temat przywodztwa . ( szczegolowy program eurolds 2000 przesylam w zalaczniku . ) jak do tej pory staralismy sie mozliwie najwiecej dokonac wlasnymi silami , jednak obecnie na 3 tygodnie przed tym wydarzeniem stoimy przed pewnym problemem i stad tez pojawil sie pomysl skontaktowania pana , jako osoby , ktora moglaby nam wydatnie pomoc . chcielibysmy poprosic pana o wsparcie finansowe . wspolpracujemy juz z wieloma firmami i instytucjami ( m . in . deloitte & touche , arthur andersen , fundusz phare , fundacja konrada adenauera oraz wieloma innymi ) , jednak na obecnym etapie organizacji projektu wciaz brakuje nam 12000 $ . poczatkowo chcielismy nawiazac kontakt z pania eileen price z londynu , jednak wydaje nam sie , ze pan jako zalozyciel aiesec w polsce powienien po pierwsze o takim wydarzeniu wiedziec , a po drugie mamy nadzieje , ze moze nam pan pomoc . bardzo prosze o odpowiedz , z powazaniem andrzej wodnicki prezydent eurolds 2000 aiesec szkola glowna handlowa - attl . htm - eurolds _ prezentacja . ppt 
2	Subject: approval for reviewer mills , scott r has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval . you may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please remember , no feedback can be completed on mills , scott r until you have approved the list . 
2	Subject: tired of your high mortgage rate - refinance today . . . . dear homeowner , interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and much , much more ! you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit ! this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . where others say no , we say yes ! ! ! http : / / www . page 4 life . org / users / loans 4 u / take just 2 minutes to complete the following form . there is no obligation , all information is kept strictly confidential , and you must be at least 18 years of age . service is available within the united states only . this service is fast and free . http : / / www . page 4 life . org / users / loans 4 u / to opt out :  
2	Subject: congratulations the free lotto company uk head office suite 25 - 32 , lion towers central london england . www . freelotto . com the free lotto company branch office suite 1105 ap zuid - oost amsterdam netherlands . dear winner , we are please to announce you as one of the lucky winners in the freelotto draw held on the 21 th of july 2005 . all winning addresses , you havetherefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery winner in this year ' s annual freelotto draw . consequently , you have therefore been approved for a total pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand ) only . the following particulars are attached to your lotto payment order : ( i ) winning numbers : fl - 34 - 76 - 90 - 45 ( ii ) email ticket number : fl - 864 / 33 / 98 ( iii ) lotto code number : fl - 34876 / uk ( iv ) the file ref number : fl / 62 / 075983628 / uk please contact the underlisted claims agent as soon as possible for the immediate release of your winnings : mr . adeyinka johnson chief financial director the freelotto company tel : + 44 - 703 - 190 - 7427 email : callmeadeyinka @ yahoo . com ( email ) n . b : steps to claiming your prize ; 1 . please quote your reference number in all correspondence with the claims officer . 2 . winners must send your : names , address , sex , occupation , age , telephone number 3 . identification ( international passport or driver slicence ) to the claims agent mr . adeyinka johnson to process and make immediate payment of their prize . once again on behalf of all our staff , congratulations ! ! ! sincerely , greg jones promotions manager the lotto company uk & europe 
2	Subject: re : braggart sun , 26 sep 2004 23 : 01 : 58 - 0800 no more paying for movies & events on cable ! that ' s right . we have a small digital filter that we give you and a lockout buster that easily fits on the back of your receiver so you can test your pay - per - view for movies , live sporting events , concerts , etc , without paying a dime . this is completely legal as it is used as reception enhancer device ! follow this link here for more on this great product combo http : / / 1 onlfor 4 . com / promo . php ? id  94168 you get the latest digital highpass filter as out gift to you the latest lockout busting filter brand new and available here only . plus a bonus report explaining all the tips and tricks you need to know about your digital cable box . channels you can test at without paying include : bottom line : anything you would normally buy you get free with this ! what does this mean ? means you save a bunch of dollar $ in programming a month for one low cost of this unique filter . all this for an amazingly low price ! follow the link below to get more information & your cable filter & lockout buster today ( before they sell out ) : http : / / 1 onlfor 4 . com / promo . php ? id  94168 - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? http : / / 1 onlfor 4 . com / remove . php ? id  94168 
2	Subject: buy cialis online ! get control of your life again ! prescriptions for female sexual disfunction just turn left at greenland . . . poetry is the language in which man explores his own amazement . horses lend us the wings we lack . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , alda  
2	Subject: level 2 top market performers now that oil and gas has entered a long - term buil market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns . montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of millions per week symbo | - mogi price - . 47 increased 11 % | ast three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wiil up again ? the value of mogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - miilions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the aiberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing welis and or expioratory programs which wil | strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for driiling programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this wil | significantiy | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 30 miies from syivan lake . the initial well is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy 10 to 12 days to dril | and test the initia | we | | . each deveiopment wel | has probabie production of 150 barreis of oil per day and 750 miliion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biilion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , ooo barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the syivan lake fieid has produced 5 oo barrels of oi | per day with over one million cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to driil up to 4 more weils on these | and sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news reiease dated feb . 7 th , 2005 . an announcement wil | be made immediately upon the commencement of driliing . the company is aiso pleased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this wil | be complete some time in the next couple of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous deiays , however , this we | | wiil be tied in and the company wil | be seiling gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company  the company wil | update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion . wiil mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi  s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 31 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe illustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , josefine  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , loraiee  
2	Subject: quiicker hello , welcome to pha judges rmonline sho apodal p - one of ignominious the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops obstructionism v truant g jurisdiction al diagnosis ll disincorporate la omnirange rac haemophilia l i attendance s benedictinen va u colourblind m andmanyother . - save over 50 criterion % - worldwide carpet shlpplng - total craving confidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion cu goldfinch stomers in 130 countries have a nic sculpt e day ! 
2	Subject: an invitation from lisa @ freightmart . com to be removed from any future offers , simply click here ! for more info , click here ! http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: update inclement weather plan sally has asked that the inclement weather contact list be updated by the end of this week given the fact that hurricane debby could be a threat to the gulf of mexico . i have attached the contact list that was updated last october . i know there have been a lot of changes ; therefore , i need your help to update the list . please send me your revisions by noon on friday , august 25 th . if you foresee any problems meeting this deadline , please contact me to discuss . in addition , if you need to forward this document to someone else in you group , please do so . thanks . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 713 - 905 - 9824 ( pager ) 
2	Subject: re : beautiful prsotitute to date with you evening , landlord : ) n ]  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 37 gmt from [ 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 5 . 1 . 1 user unknown ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to localhost : > > > data . . . user unknown < < < 503 5 . 5 . 1 no recipients 
2	Subject: re : vacation shirley , no problem . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 08 / 2000 03 : 56 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron subject : vacation vince : i would like to take the following days as vacation : wednesday , march 15 th friday , march 31 st . please let me know if this is ok with you . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: sheee wiiiiill saay it ' s too loooooong hi kirk , dooooooon ' t getteeed buuuuurneed . geeeet viiiaaaagraaaaaaa . thanks , marianne schafer nooooo mooooreeeee heeeeereeeeee http : / / www . bossanovaltd . info auerbach calibre cloven candace jacksonian firehouse biotic freeway poinsettia diachronic degeneracy lutz draft do stifle godsend broach covariate firearm impenetrable heuser acton eyebrow hansel dysentery defect laurentian inauspicious spiritual arden countersunk loss . accelerometer cochineal duress adhesive compulsion islamic contention peafowl bullish hangmen superficial offhand ladyfern ankle ferry arrogant eave bespeak aristocrat wheeze denture canaan hospice malay alison consent blaine capricorn pocket kane mohr kapok crony hammock mammal . mccann woodcarver parapsychology conversion angle robbin yale eisenhower conform tarantara labia segregant crash disciplinary brook presbyterian fling . betelgeuse maggie cloven witty patrician standard cobol westinghouse eddy commandant mcgill stench burton cookie umlaut statute southpaw extolling demean quanta bordello incapable arbitrate pasadena jo . auberge coerce chowder foyer quilt apply anti mantrap extricate quadriceps permissible kingpin dwight afghanistan elsie impenetrable welsh wildlife bolivar abstain accretion game collectible catalpa potato vertebral malraux goes possession precede tout alger blackfeet patricia yuh . tinge strive syndrome skillful telex ashen stater punish applicable creedal pitch toccata asinine lutetium sparge catatonia cling matriarch attenuate alice forth dateline nash cotillion perusal . funereal muezzin pigroot adjoin hurl persist thumb homage preoccupy engine gambol stiffen revelatory sentence appraise . freedman annul sloven lisle stonewall dutchman crossarm stephen dusseldorf laud . ansi stringy syria caddy gauguin plaintiff refusal planetarium pfennig basil brawl clay transgress azimuth daddy flask dangle astral principia andesine cationic helene heroes tegucigalpa bolt whistleable knotty . filamentary fisherman consolation imperturbable deacon rd desperate hospital hundredfold diaphanous pessimum . beauregard onetime unidimensional crosspoint consanguine maitre ballerina aggression pigskin donnelly pub credential client form edition aau cadaverous mummy bernard sometime credenza complacent demerit passenger suppose coarse willard european puddingstone . pioneer snippy aliphatic debrief dairymen bindle house dominate klystron canis ftc inexcusable buckaroo throng tv duct nv beaux . radiotherapy baleful venus bedraggle large lucas northland lumbermen vote this ho hysteric decontrol ephemeral . cinnabar cube dissemble acm desire attend cameron inflater rudy shreveport .  
2	Subject: tw expansion - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron on 02 / 15 / 2001 08 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - drew fossum 02 / 14 / 2001 04 : 38 pm to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , sstojic @ gbmdc . com , mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , keith petersen / enron @ enronxgate cc : shelley corman / enron @ enronxgate , maria pavlou / enron @ enronxgate , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron subject : tw expansion there were several questions left for legal / regulatory to work on at the close of our meeting today . i ' ll try to restate them , and add my initial thoughts , so we can all be sure to focus on the correct problems . q 1 . can tw use " negotiated rate " agreements for its new 150 mm / d expansion ? a . yes . independence , guardian , and other new pipeline projects were certificated on the basis of negotiated rate contracts . the only restriction is that we need to always offer cost - based recourse rate service as an alternative to negotiated rates . we hope to use negotiated rate agreements for the entire 150 mm of capacity , but we won ' t know until the contracts are executed how much of it will be negotiated rate contracts and how much of it will be under recourse rate contracts . i guess that means that in the cert . app . , we just tell the commission that we will be 100 % at risk and that given the huge interest in the open season , we have no doubts about our ability to sell the full 150 . we should also tell the commission we expect to sell the capacity using negotiated rate contracts or recourse rate contracts or a combination of both . q 2 . can we give prospective customers a " cafeteria style " menu of options ( to steal jeff ' s term ) , like the following : 1 . 5 yr . neg . rate deal at a locked in $ . 60 plus fuel and surcharges ( or whatever number we decide on ) 2 . 10 y . neg . rate deal at a locked in $ . 45 plus fuel and surcharges 3 . 15 yr . neg rate deal at a locked in $ . 35 blah blah 4 . 15 yr cost based recourse rate plus fuel and surcharges ( importantly this option is not locked in and will float with tw ' s actual rate levels and fuel retainage percentages ) a . i think the answer here is " yes . " whatever options we come up with for 1 , 2 , and 3 , we will always have to offer 4 as well . susan and steve stojic : please confirm that we have the right to define specific negotiated rate options and stick to them . otherwise , this negotiated rate approach could get completely unstructured such that we end up with some guys taking our specific options and other guys custom tailoring weird variations ( like a 7 yr , 231 day contract at $ . 51764 , for example ) . i ' m not sure that would be a bad thing , but we need to think about it . we need to be sure we can tell a customer " no " and make it stick if he tries to mix and match by asking for the 5 yr term and the $ . 35 rate , for example . i think we can lay out options of our choosing and then enforce a " no substitutions " policy ( this is sticking with the " cafeteria " theme ) but we need to be sure . q . 3 . if we can use the " cafeteria options " approach , how much flexibility do we have in structuring the options ? a : this one is hard . we need to be sure that the price and term we choose to offer for options 1 - 3 is solely within our discretion . we don ' t want to be second guessed by ferc as to whether we should have offered option 1 at $ . 58 instead of $ . 60 . susan and steve : if you guys confirm that we have discretion in how to structure our negotiated rate options , does that mean we can slant the economics of the negotiated rate options so they are a better deal than the recourse option ( for most shippers ) ? i . e . , could we deliberately incent shippers to sign on for the short term deals - - i . e . , by offering options 1 - 3 at $ . 55 , $ . 45 and $ . 40 instead of the $ . 60 , $ . 45 , and $ . 35 shown above . i suspect that is what guardian and the other pipes did to obtain 100 % subscription under neg . rate deals . q . 4 . how do we allocate capacity to customers if demand exceeds supply ? ? ? a . ideally , we ' d be able to allocate the 150 to the guys who want to buy it the way we ' d prefer to sell it . under the above example , assuming stan , danny and steve decide short term deals are better , what if we get 100 mm / d of offers on each of the 4 rate / term options described above . that ' s 400 mm / d of demand for a 150 mm / d project . can we sell 100 to the guys who want option 1 ( $ . 60 / 5 yrs ) and the remaining 50 to the 10 yr / $ . 45 guys ? that really hoses the recourse bidders . do we have to cover the recourse demand first and then allocate the remaining capacity pro rata to everyone else ? pro rata to everyone ? under the rule that negotiated rate bids have to be deemed to be at max rate for purposes of allocation , pro rata to everyone may be the right answer . or at least its the answer until we ' ve filled the recourse rate guys ' orders , then we can give the remaining capacity to the neg . rate guys whose bids we value most highly ( using some objective nondiscriminatory calculation of course ) . ugh . susan and steve - - please take a crack at questions 2 - 4 . i think 1 is answered already . i haven ' t done any research yet , so maybe these questions are easier than they currently seem to me . get me and mkm on the phone at your convenience to discuss . we ' ve gotta move quick so the marketers can get out and sell this stuff . df 
2	Subject: financial news , online technology fails to see off established markets please find the above article attached 
2	Subject: energy : pg & e bankruptcy ( calpine & mirant ) note - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 04 / 06 / 2001 03 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jon cartwright on 04 / 06 / 2001 01 : 23 : 12 pm to : " ' rjf energy - gram ' " cc : subject : energy : pg & e bankruptcy ( calpine & mirant ) note > recapping my verbal comments from the 1 : 30 pm call : > > * pg & e conf call is 2 : 15 est ( 415 ) 228 - 4835 conf # 5056296 > * calpine has $ 305 million ( pre - tax now that i think about it ) in > accruals with pg & e as of last week . our numbers and the company ' s > guidance previously has been that all financial forecasts the firm has > made exclude those numbers , i . e . any recovery would be a benefit to > guidance . > * mirant has never broken out its exposure , but most recent guidance > excluding pg & e ' s numbers as well . we think mir ' s exposure is close to > $ 0 . 10 per share , which if ever collected would be additive to estimates . > * what happens in bankruptcy ? well basically a federal judge will > precede over the filing and immediately determine operating costs for pg & e > so that it can remain a going concern . as such , as a letter of the law , > operating costs ( which in this case would be purchasing power from cpn , > mir , dyn , etc ) are to be kept current . bottom line the credit risks of > not getting paid go away immediately , net - net cpn and mir will start > getting paid every day as opposed to accruing revenue like they had been > doing for the past several months . > * while the filing has surprised investors , the weakness being > experienced across the board in the electric power space is way overdone > in our opinion . we would take advantage of the weakness . > * we will obviously have more later today and monday , but this is > actually a positive turn of events for merchant power producers . for pg & e > bond and common stock owners , that ' s a whole different story . > > cpn : sbl > 2001 eps $ 1 . 80 > 2002 eps $ 2 . 50 > mir sbl > 2001 eps $ 1 . 60 > 2002 eps $ 1 . 95 > > > > fred schultz - houston > > portable document format ( pdf ) , are viewable using adobe acrobat reader ( tm ) , available as freeware at jon kyle cartwright vp & senior energy analyst raymond james & associates taxable fixed income research raymond james financial center tower iii , third floor 880 carillon parkway st . petersburg , fl 33733 - 2749 telephone : 727 - 573 - 8366 facsimile : 815 - 425 - 4161 jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com raymond james & associates , inc . member new york stock exchange / sipc institutional clients may call for additional information : high grade trading 800 - 248 - 8863 ext . 8336 * high yield trading 800 - 448 - 6623 this communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities mentioned herein . high grade and high yield securities mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors . raymond james & associates , inc . or its affiliates ( rja ) may perform investment banking or other services for , or solicit investment banking business from , any company mentioned in this report . rja or its officers , employees , or affiliates may own shares , options , rights or warrants and / or execute transactions in the securities mentioned in this report , which may not be consistent with the report ' s conclusions . additionally , rja may at times elect to make markets in particular high yield securities , but there can be no guarantee that our market making activities will be uninterrupted . all expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the research department of raymond james & associates , inc . , at the time of publication and may be subject to change without notice . information has been obtained from sources considered reliable , but we do not guarantee that the foregoing report is accurate or complete . other departments of rja may have information that is not available to the research department about companies mentioned in this report . for institutional clients of the european economic area ( eea ) : this document ( and any attachments or exhibits hereto ) is intended only for eea institutional clients or others to whom it may lawfully be submitted . further information on the securities mentioned herein is available upon request . ? 2001 raymond james & associates , inc . 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? extrapolation earthly subject , about , natural red woman . my mother sentence said only word . turn trade , sleep ran chart stood . red test , weight . object face , walk toward plane value . true , speak side doctor up press . to home oxygen , school arrive yet . appear gather any long quart . mean , mile all write port , paper raise . field him each time low . can insect , little . she an gave , many final wrote , in . since rose change , reach brother ever .  
2	Subject: enron on the cover of red herring - - - - - original message - - - - - i don ' t know if you guys have read the cover story of the current issue of red herring . . . read it last night , it is not up on the web yet . a friend forwarded it to me in scanned format . . i guess the doomsdayers will now come out of the woodworks . . interestingly , this article pre - dates skilling ' s departure . . . 
2	Subject: what is oem software and why do you care ? download and buy cds all software under $ 15 - $ 99 you cannot shake hands with a clenched fist . the wise man avoids evil by anticipating it . - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: re : i ' m cleaning up the balance sheet still and two new things next to your name antelope is a project that we acquired last year from aes . the project has land , some early permits , and a transmission queue position that we used at pastoria . total consideration paid to aes was approximately $ 15 mm , most of which was charged to pastoria . the resulting cost basis should be about $ 1 . 8 mm plus the erc ' s not used at pastoria ( approx . $ 6 mm ) . over the next 4 months we will determine whether we want to pursue the project or , if not , write off the $ 1 . 8 mm and sell / transfer the erc ' s for a gain of $ 1 . 8 mm + . coyote springs was a project that we developed and sold in 2000 . it was a 280 mw 7 fa that we co - developed with portland general and sold pre - construction to avista for a $ 18 mm promote . there should not be any balance sheet exposure associated with it - we are done . louise kitchen 04 / 16 / 2001 02 : 24 pm to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : i ' m cleaning up the balance sheet still and two new things next to your name what are antelope and coyote springs ? thanks louise 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: japanese power market another article i thought you might find interesting . regards , eugenio review of energy policies kicks off asahi shimbun april 25 , 2000 a government advisory panel on monday embarked on a comprehensive review of energy - related policies . ` ` we want to come up with feasible policies and at the same time clearly present reasons for those policies , ' ' yoichi kaya , a professor emeritus at the university of tokyo , told a meeting of the coordination subcommittee under the advisory committee for energy , an advisory panel to minister of international trade and industry takashi fukaya . kaya chairs the subcommittee . the nuclear development policy , including the government ' s goal for building new nuclear power plants , is expected to be a focus of the discussions . a spate of nuclear accidents have made construction of plants increasingly difficult , and the nation ' s power suppliers have reduced the number of new nuclear power plants expected to be in operation by fiscal 2010 from 20 to 13 . the subcommittee , set up for the first time in about 10 years , is made up of about 30 members , and members of anti - nuclear nongovernmental organizations have been included for the first time . some members told monday ' s meeting that the government must stop taking the nuclear development policy for granted and seriously look into the possibility of introducing renewable energy , such as wind and solar power . also on the agenda will be energy saving measures . energy consumption in the residential and commercial sector , made up of homes and offices , and in the transportation sector , which includes cars and trucks , has almost doubled over the past 25 years . at monday ' s meeting , many members stressed the need to change public consciousness toward the use of energy . miti plans to present studies on how life would be affected by compulsory energy saving measures such as automatically turning off air conditioners at certain temperatures or vehicle engines when they are idle . 
2	Subject: texas gas orig . presentation to be reviewed with john to discuss staffing and to get sign - off on action items / objectives . tom and i have already incorporated comments from janet wallis , drew tingsleaf , jean mrha , gary bryan , jill zivley . i also sent a copy to frank v . with respect to producer services in texas . regards , brian 
2	Subject: singular from now on save up to 82 % off you ' ve heard about the hype save on all your rx medication order directly from our fda - approved manufacturers over 60 products , save up to 82 % on your rx drugs goto rx - factory . com in your address bar to get your discount turn notifications off rx - factory . com / u woodrow parsons 
2	Subject: fwd : have meds . xa _ n _ ax . vali . u . m . v | ^ codin . v ! agr @ . folavsni if a physician make a large incision with an operating knife and cure it , or if he open a tumor ( over the eye ) with an operating knife , and saves the eye , he shall receive ten shekels in money . we go out of our way to insure that your health care needs are attended to in a one - stop process . levitra 5 pills - 20 mg tablets - - $ 129 . 99 ambien 60 pills - 10 mg tablets - - $ 249 . 99 ambien 60 pills - 5 mg tablets - - $ 259 . 99 carisoprodol ( soma ) 90 pills - 350 mg tablets - $ 129 . 99 we accept almost every form of payment . because you can add more to your life . shop now . . for phone orders please call us at 1 - 415 - 462 - 2965 or 1 - 646 - 837 - 0772 ( monday - saturday , 09 : 30 am to 10 : 00 pm est ) and patience tame to sufferance bide each check , why should he live , now nature bankrupt is , gilding pale streams with heavenly alchemy : but sad mortality o ' ersways their power , makes black night beauteous , and her old face new .  
2	Subject: friendly notification this is our absolute notice we have aimed to make contact with you on multiple opportunities and this is our final attempt ! your present home loan certifies you for up to a 3 . 40 % lower rate . however , thanks to our previous attempts to make contact with you didn ' t work , this will be our final try to finalize the lower rate . please end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your application now . request form here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: epe lending - read the whole thing ! the following e - mail will give you details of the lending agreement we ' ve had in place with el paso for the past two weeks . please skim for content and please enter all related deals under the same desk . several deals have been entered incorrectly every day this week . purchases made under one book must be sold under the same book . 725506 - stwbom buys epe 25 mw @ $ 59 on peak / pv 725507 - stwbom sells stsw 25 mw @ $ 59 on peak / pv 725511 - stsw buys epe 25 mw @ $ 59 on peak / pv definitely ask me if you have any questions . my main concern regarding the mistakes we ' ve made lately is that one very small indiscretion on our part can turn into hours of extra work for the risk group . they don ' t like that . thanks for your attention to this matter , kate 
2	Subject: eol data for septembert 10 , 2001 eol deals from : 9 / 1 / 2001 to : 9 / 10 / 2001 enpower from : 9 / 1 / 2001 to : 9 / 10 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 142 2 , 925 , 325 epmi long term california 18 757 , 076 epmi long term northwest 122 2 , 254 , 600 epmi long term northwest 131 4 , 970 , 247 epmi long term southwest 115 2 , 235 , 630 epmi long term southwest 73 8 , 242 , 285 epmi short term california 755 698 , 344 epmi short term california 180 485 , 839 epmi short term northwest 348 261 , 800 epmi short term northwest 124 132 , 308 epmi short term southwest 591 599 , 000 epmi short term southwest 277 972 , 511 real time ( as of 4 : 30 pm , 09 / 10 / 01 ) 319 8 , 050 real time ( as of 4 : 30 pm , 09 / 10 / 01 ) 199 20 , 217 grand total 2 , 392 8 , 982 , 749 grand total 1 , 002 15 , 580 , 483 eol deals from : 09 / 10 / 2001 to : 09 / 10 / 2001 enpower from : 09 / 10 / 2001 to : 09 / 10 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 47 637 , 525 epmi long term california 6 369 , 876 epmi long term northwest 18 268 , 800 epmi long term northwest 27 978 , 518 epmi long term southwest 0 0 epmi long term southwest 1 580 epmi short term california 168 118 , 424 epmi short term california 27 66 , 208 epmi short term northwest 59 32 , 600 epmi short term northwest 27 16 , 456 epmi short term southwest 142 87 , 800 epmi short term southwest 63 216 , 949 real time ( as of 4 : 30 pm , 09 / 10 / 01 ) 76 1 , 900 real time ( as of 4 : 30 pm , 09 / 10 / 01 ) 40 5 , 326 grand total 510 1 , 147 , 049 grand total 191 1 , 653 , 913 ice volumes from : 09 / 10 / 2001 to : 09 / 10 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price cob ( op , next day ) 200 0 $ 22 . 50 mid c ( p , next day ) 1 , 600 400 $ 27 . 88 mid c ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 22 . 81 mid c ( p , oct - 01 ) 64 , 800 0 $ 30 . 94 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 41 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 400 400 $ 23 . 38 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 800 $ 30 . 48 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 12 , 800 0 $ 30 . 90 np - 15 ( p , oct - 01 ) 32 , 400 0 $ 31 . 72 palo ( op , next day ) 600 200 $ 19 . 25 palo ( p , next day ) 6 , 000 1 , 200 $ 32 . 91 palo ( p , bal month ) 19 , 200 6 , 400 $ 32 . 07 palo ( p , oct - 01 ) 32 , 400 10 , 800 $ 31 . 65 palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 10 , 000 $ 30 . 60 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 10 , 000 $ 33 . 75 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 53 . 25 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 600 400 $ 21 . 42 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 2 , 000 0 $ 30 . 40 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 44 , 800 6 , 400 $ 29 . 92 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 10 , 000 0 $ 21 . 85 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 36 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , cal 03 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 38 . 75 grand total 434 , 600 47 , 000 $ 674 . 43 
2	Subject: please kindly assist greetings , i am prince fayad w . bolkiah , the eldest son of prince jefri bolkiah , former finance minister of brunei , the tiny oil - rich sultanate on the northern coast of the island of borneo , in eastern asia . i will save your time by not amplifying my extended royal family history , which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his step brother , the sultan of brunei sheik muda hassanal bolkiah . as you may know from the international media , the sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of us $ 14 . 8 billion dollars . this was as a result of the asian financial crisis that made my father company amedeo development company and government owned brunei investment company to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office . however my father was kept under house arrest , his bank accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery were later confiscated by the sultanate . furthermore , during this unfortunate period i was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives , but before i could do that i was placed under house arrest by the sultan and i have no access to a phone but i have a palm v hand - held computer from which i am sending you this mail . before my incaceration , i went ahead to dispatch the sum of fifty eight million five hundred thousand united states dollars us $ 58 . 5 million in cash under special arrangement into the custody of a private security and trustee company for safe keeping abroad . hence i seek your good assistance to invest these funds into profitable investment in your country to facilitate future survival for my family abroad . i have decided to offer 10 % of these funds to you as compensation for your strong cooperation . please i count on your absolute confidentiality , transparency and trust while looking forward to your prompt reply towards a swift conclusion of this business transaction . i remain yours sincerely . prince fayad . w . bolkiah brunei darussalam . 
2	Subject: re : summer associate mentor hello , this is regarding my mentee . i talked to him today . giuseppe did not receive the invitation to the thursday reception . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 20 / 2000 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 06 / 12 / 2000 08 : 29 am to : ginger b gamble / hou / ect @ ect cc : cheryl kuehl / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : summer associate mentor ginger however , we encourage you to contact guiseppe prior to the reception if possible . please rsvp your attendance to cheryl kuehl at x 39804 or by email . thank you charlene jackson 
2	Subject: interview schedule for martin jermakyan please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will occur on friday october 27 , 2000 . please print all three documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . stephanie 58701 
2	Subject: cheap online drugs here floodlight camaraderie parachute stir leasehold covalent handicapper medications from the comfort of our home ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here blenheim hysteric therewith equable lip offsaddle corvus fist intoxicate optima  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at hostcompanyl 00 . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 3667 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 33 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 221 . 239 . 212 . 243 ) by hostcompanyl 00 . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 33 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815767 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ dbhaynes . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: shelby why can ' t you call me back ? for women over 18 yrs old : learn how to tiiiiiiighten your vaaaagina . millions of women around the world have already benefited . get that first night sensatiiiiiion once again . increase you partner ' s seeeeexual pleasures . turn off . monogamous deemphasize ali blocky yore nylon impute bambi currant reciprocal closeup canaveral chorine pitchfork buchanan impunity vernon salmon ascomycetes bonaparte husbandmen woodland burch band ado francisco ineluctable dental newark rivet genesco dugan . clan canberra aim arcade canvass fluke pigmentation bow savonarola mesopotamia chartres ferrous curtis chatham shamefaced arm decontrol dahomey gimmick shrew left debugger duty olga gravel mess idolatry salt triune invincible feed aleph .  
2	Subject: organization announcement effective immediately , reporting responsibility for global strategic sourcing ( gss ) will move from enron net works to enron corp . george wasaff , managing director , will report directly to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer for enron . gss , formed february 1 , 2000 , will continue to focus on supply - chain management world - wide for enron . we believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance gss ' s global reach and effectiveness while allowing enw to focus on its core mission of creating new electronic market places . 
2	Subject: change of coordinates dear friends and colleagues , effective immediately , i have returned to the university of pennsylvania . the usual automatically - generated contact info should appear below ; please update your files . best regards , frank - - francis x . diebold department of economics university of pennsylvania 3718 locust walk philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297 fdiebold @ mail . sas . upenn . edu http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax 
2	Subject: re : movie jana , we should have tomorrow the movie schedule for the weekend . saturday around 5 : 00 p . m . would work for me . vince jlpnymex @ aol . com on 04 / 13 / 2000 09 : 49 : 11 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : movie vince let ' s talk tomorrow and see what time that movie starts and when we should meet , ok ? jana 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , mirna  
2	Subject: re : enron finance conference sponsorship this is great . . . . i ' ll get it on the calendar . . . . thanks . from : michele nezi marvin @ enron communications on 10 / 25 / 2000 02 : 13 pm to : kristin gandy , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enron finance conference sponsorship this is exciting news . suresh must really want a job with us ! ! jeff - are you in to be the speaker on the panel ? it is friday , december 8 . michele nezi marvin manager enron broadband services ( 713 ) 853 - 6848 - - - - - forwarded by michele nezi marvin / enron communications on 10 / 25 / 00 02 : 11 pm - - - - - sureshb @ wharton . upenn . edu 10 / 25 / 00 02 : 05 pm please respond to sureshb to : michele nezi marvin / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : re : enron finance conference sponsorship hi michele i am writing to confirm that enron will be participating in the sales / trading panel . i have some great news . we have decided to give enron the sponsorship spot for the sales and trading panel . key benifits of being a panel sponsor - a big enron banner can be displayed indicating that you are the official sponsor of the entire sales / trading panel - mention in the program guide and all other conference material - in addition to the panelist spot on the sales / trading panel , enron gets to open the panel session with a 15 - 20 min presentation on general trends in the sales and trading industry , an excellent opportunity for a senior person from enron to address the audience . also for folks from enron coming to the conference we have hotel rooms blocked at a discount price at the park hyatt . i will be getting you a lot of the details with regards to logistics for the panel and enrons participation in the conference in the coming weeks . . once again , i would like to thank you for the sponsorship and presence at the finance conference . looking forward to it . . regards suresh balasubramanian 215 - 893 - 9491 > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : michele _ nezi _ marvin @ enron . net > [ mailto : michele _ nezi _ marvin @ enron . net ] > sent : friday , october 20 , 2000 5 : 31 am > to : sureshb @ wharton . upenn . edu > cc : kristin _ gandy @ enron . net ; jeffrey _ a _ shankman @ ect . enron . net > subject : enron finance conference sponsorship > > > > > please see attached for our sponsorship form . can you let me > know asap which > panel we are on - i think we would be a great contributer to > either the sales > and trading or corporate finance panels . looking forward to a > great conference . > > ( see attached file : finance conference form . doc ) > > michele nezi marvin > manager > enron broadband services > ( 713 ) 853 - 6848 > 
2	Subject: ofek new generic viarga . absulutely new ! mildozs formulated to : features : increase sex driveimproved sildenafil citrate formula boost sexual performance works in less than 15 minutes fuller & harder erectionsbest price on the internet increase stamina & endurance quicker recharges read more !  
2	Subject: looking around for quick healings ? simply en . ter our zone . what a great convenience . shopping at your site is the best decision i ever made right . i ¡ ¯ ve never seen such a worth buying items like you do . thank you for providing this innovative way to gett my medical needs . - jane d in nm . or - ders are processed accurately and efficiently . you can check the sta . tus anytime . our prices are a bonus to boot . everyday reduced prices to suit you . r needs . help you regain the energy and glamour . help you fight against bad feelings caused by severeheadache , intensepressure , mansperformance , womenshealthcaring and . http : / / 7 . biym . ourtruenature . com / 8 tl / ever green , fresh , and unfading . between the pages of the bible it had never been in good health since a severe wound which he received " you are a good soul , " cried captain harville , putting his hand 65739 ida way , albany , north dakota , 58270 205 - 920 - 8188 
2	Subject: get your bsc without any classes aqaqkbwlzzcease further emails  
2	Subject: solid loans made simple maybe not this time : ) - http : / / taifd . lowered - rates . com / rem . php 
2	Subject: your order # 5056 shopping for a loan has never been easier get a free quote on a new first mortgage , second mortgage , or a credit line with no cost or obligation . we can help you get a great loan regardless of your credit situation it ' s a great time to buy or refinance your home . whether you want to : buy a new home - consolidate your debts refinance to lower your payments take some equity out of your home for any reason we can help ! click here and get a free quote ! you have nothing to lose ! to not receive this email again click here  
2	Subject: re : enron metals staff in lotus notes say you didn ' t know that to get hold of the tim jones at one america square you neede to type tim r jones , here ' s the robust approach : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard sage / lon / ect on 24 / 07 / 2000 11 : 01 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - leigh bentley 24 / 07 / 2000 09 : 49 to : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect cc : daniel moore / lon / ect @ ect , barry sangster / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : enron metals staff in lotus notes i know that tim jones is from mg , so he will be found in the ect europe external address book . in order to address him , i create a reply or new message and then click on the address button . change the address book from ect or enron to the ect external address book : at this point i need to skip down to the jones ' in the list , so i just type jones and a quick search dialogue box appears . click ok and i go to the first of the jones ' llisted in this address book ( allan i think ) . it ' s a reasonably long list , but only one exists . he ' s tim r jones , so i click on the ' to : ' button to add him to the recipient list for the message . this is a good procedure to pass on to others . regards leigh bentley ( enron european messaging administration ) 
2	Subject: assist me please kevin edward manda johannesburg refugee camp south africa . dear sir , i know you will be surprised to receive this letter from me , but please this letter is a request from a family in dare need of assistance . i kevin edward manda jnr from south africa the first , and only son of brigadier kevin manda communicating to you from , johannesburg refugee camp south africa . i got your name and address from a business desk in chamber of commerce and industry in south africa . and i on behalf of my widowed mother mrs . aminat manda , decided to solicit for your assistance to transfer the sum of us $ 35 . 2 million ! ( thirty five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars only ) inherited from my late father into your personal or company ' s account . before his death he was a brigadier in charger of arms and ammunition procurement of the angolan army . in his ' will ' he specifically drew my attention tous $ 35 . 2 million ! ( thirty five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars only ) which he deposited in a box for private security company in south africa act quote ! my beloved son , i wish to draw your attention tous $ 35 . 2 million ! ( thirty five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars only ) . i deposited the box containing the fund in a security company in south africa as valuables . during the war i was very dedicated and committed to winning the war against the rebel unit . i found out that the senior army officers and government functionaries were busy helping themselves with government fund and properties sending them to foreign countries . due to this , when i and the former special adviser to the president were assigned by the president ( eduardo santos ) to purchase arms in russia , we saw this as a golden opportunity and diverted the money and shared it , of which i got a total sum of s $ 35 . 2 million ! ( thirty five million , two hundred thousand united states dollars only ) . in case of my absence and on earth as a result of death , only you should solicit for the assistance of a reliable and sincere foreign partner to assist you transfer this money out of south africa for investment purpose . i deposited the box in your name and you can claim it alone with deposit code . your mother is with all the documents . take good care of mother and your two sisters . do not disappoint me ! bye ! > from this word of my late father , you will understand that lives and future of my family depend on this fund as such . i will be grateful if you can assist us . we are now living in south africa refugee camp as political asylum seekers ; financial laws and regulation of south africa do not permit us certain financial right . in view of this , i cannot invest this fund in south africa hence ; i am seeking your assistance to transfer this fund out of south africa for invest purposes . for your effort , we are prepared to offer you 25 % of the total fund whilel 0 % will be set aside for any expenses incurred during this transaction . please , note that this transaction is 100 % risk free and the major demand from you is to assure me the safety of this money when it finally gets to you . further information and arrangement will commence as soon as trust , confidence and good relationship is established . i shall be most grateful if you maintain the confidentiality of this matter . to avoid public awareness for too many hands spoils the soup . note . you are expected to come over here in south africa so that we can get things finalized and then i will accompany you to the security company where the fund is deposited for you to sign the authority letter in the office of the security company then the director of the company will handover the consignment to you . i want to inform you that the security company where my late father kept this consignment doesn ' t know the real content in the consignment so i will not like them to know anything about it , what i really want from you is to stand as my foreign partner and claim the consignment on behalf of my family . as soon as we claim this consignment , we will open the box and begin to transfer the money bit by bit in any reputable bank here in south africa and this shall be under your supervision , after which you can authorize the bank here in south africa to transfer the total money into your personal or companies account in any part of the world you may deem fit . we are going to write an agreement for both party as soon as we meet in south africa to agree on the term and condition we are going to follow for the actualization of this transaction . please , confirm your interest immediately by sending me your private telephone and fax number for communication . yours sincerely kevin edward manda 
2	Subject: summary of prc meetings below are the upcoming meetings that have been added to your calendar and that you will be expected to attend for the prc process . . . . gas logistics pre - prc meeting november 28 , 2000 hyatt regency / pecan room lpm - ? ? ? lunch : 11 : 30 am at duck & co logistics / volume mgmt prc review meeting november 30 , 2000 eb 30 c 2 lpm - 4 pm gas / pulp and paper trading operations december 5 , 2000 eb 49 c 4 11 : 30 am - ? ? ? - heather choate , x 33278 
2	Subject: [ fwd : re : graco contact form ] - - - - - - - - original message - - - - - - - - subject : re : graco contact form date : wed , 5 may 1999 14 : 05 : 43 - 0400 from : graco customer service to : " ' jimboman @ bigfoot . com ' " james , graco is sorry for the inconvenience . i ordered you a new diaper bag , the part you described is not replaceable so a new diaper bag is on order for you . please include all correspondence when responding . thank you , jody graco customer service > - - - - - - - - - - > from : jimboman @ bigfoot . com [ smtp : jimboman @ bigfoot . com ] > sent : monday , may 03 , 1999 12 : 08 am > to : consumerservices @ gracocorp . com > cc : rubbercc @ eisnet . com > subject : graco contact form > > submitted on monday , may 3 , 1999 at 04 : 08 : 22 gmt . > > name : james lokay > e - mail : jimboman @ bigfoot . com > phone : 281 - 927 - 9360 > address 1 : 1114 augusta dr . , no . 25 > address 2 : > city : houston > state : tx > zip : 77057 - 2227 > country : us > product code : 603 bw > > feedback : > i don ' t know if that is the correct product code . the product i am > writing about is a soft , backpack style diaper bag from the " sarah " > collection in a blackwatch plaid pattern . we own many graco product and > have had trouble only with this one so far . this is a fairly new product > but the vinyl that the velcro patch on the top flap is attached to has > torn away from the flap . i am hoping that graco supports this product and > will be able to correct the problem . please let me know what i need to > do to pursue a remedy for this . i look forward to your reply . thank > you , jim lokay > 
2	Subject: christian health plan we offer vision , dental , medical and much more ! work with the good people at christian health center . our values set us apart . click below : http : / / www . . com finish solutions 9600 la ciencnega inglewood , ca 90301 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: expande tu imagen ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! si no puede ver este mail , entre a : http : / / www . supermedios . com / admin / mailing / proyecto . php ? id  160 este mensaje se enva bajo los artculos 2 y 4 de la ley 19 . 628 y 28 b de la ley 19 . 955 de la constitucin de la repblica de chile actualizada el 14 de julio 2004 . su direccin ha sido extrada manualmente por personal de nuestra compaa desde su sitio web en internet , o ha sido introducida por usted al aceptar el envo de mensajes publicitarios al inscribirse en alguno de los sitios o foros de nuestra red de trabajo . para ser removido presione borrar  
2	Subject: [ wm ] ( no subject ) dear our guests , explore turkey with astartetours ! ! hotel reservations : you will find more than 200 hotels all over turkey , which have been carefully selected . through our reservation system we are able to book more than 1 . 000 hotels arround europe . tours hosted programs , sightseeing tours , escorted tours or cruise programs . we have tours on set dates each year or we can organize special itineraries for the independant traveller or small groups ! ! rent - a - car : travelling on your own pace in turkey ! we have a range of vehicles on offer to choose from . they may be hired in all major cities . your car can be made available at the airport or your hotel for collection ! ! visit our web - site ! ! www . astartetours . com kind regards astarte tours p . s . : if you want to unsubscribe , please sent us an e - mail . this sf . net email is sponsored by : get the new palm tungsten t handheld . power & color in a compact size ! webmake - talk mailing list webmake - talk @ lists . sourceforge . net  
2	Subject: transwestern weekly throughput for the week december 11 th through december 15 th : for the week , transwestern weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 085 mmcf / d ( 99 % ) while east deliveries averaged 286 mmcf / d . san juan lateral throughput averaged 865 mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 23 mmcf / d . california border deliveries were : - pg & e ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) total deliveries from transwestern , el paso , and kern averaged 1 , 066 mmcf / d ( 94 % ) - socal , ehrenberg ( capacity 1 , 244 mmcf / d ) deliveries from el paso averaged 1 , 223 mmcf / d ( 98 % ) - socal , topock ( capacity 540 mmcf / d ) deliveries from el paso averaged 539 mmcf / d ( 100 % ) - malin deliveries via pgt ( capacity 1 , 901 mmcf / d ) averaged 1 , 729 mmcf / d ( 91 % ) california sendout averaged 6 . 74 bcfday throughout the week compared to the last two weeks ' average sendout of 6 . 65 bcf / day ( 1 week prior ) and 6 . 50 bcf / day ( 2 weeks prior ) . california border prices took a nose - dive this week . socal / needles monday and tuesday ' s cash prices of $ 54 . 66 and $ 59 . 20 dropped to a friday cash price of $ 19 . 03 . friday ' s cash prices : last friday ' s december 15 th california border / needles : $ 42 . 02 $ 19 . 03 california border / topock : $ 33 . 58 $ 10 . 75 permian : $ 8 . 38 $ 7 . 37 san juan : $ 8 . 98 $ 6 . 69 malin : $ 30 . 88 $ 11 . 29 friday , december 15 th enron online basis financial spread numbers : most signficant change during the week was reflected in a jan ' 01 perm - ca and sj - ca basis decrease relative to last friday of $ 8 . 62 and $ 8 . 35 , respectively . jan ' 01 feb ' 01 march ' 01 perm - ca 2 . 62 1 . 31 1 . 31 sj - ca 2 . 95 1 . 65 1 . 65 sj - waha . 35 . 35 . 34 perm - waha . 02 0 0 
2	Subject: hpl noms for august 8 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 808 . xls ) - hplo 808 . xls 
2	Subject: last call for accountants . . . . . ok . . . begging bowl in hand . . . . do you have anyone i could borrow for a couple of months ? either sen spec or spec - to work with kristin albrecht on some general ledger clear - up and go - forward work . i really need someone - i ' ve hired but these new people will take a while to show up . thanks . b . 
2	Subject: it was great talking with you . dave - brochure . doc * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * prof . david ikenberry jones graduate school of management rice university 713 - 348 - 5385 
2	Subject: business proposal . bassey & associates falomo , ikoyi . lagos - nigeria . for your kind attention , re : request for mutually benefitting endeavour . i humbly crave your indulgence in sending you this mail , if the contents does not meet with your personal and business ethics , i apologize in advance . i am barrister williams bassey ( attorney at law ) , i represent alhaji ishmaila ibrahim gwarzo & # 8217 s estates . alhaji gwarzo was the chief security advicer of the then military leader of this country ( nigeria ) in the person of late general sani abacha who died on the 8 th of june 1998 . with the advent of a new democratic dispensation in the country under the leadership of gen . olusegun obasanjo ( rtd ) , my client has come under severe persecution due to the sensitive position he held in the last military regime , presently he is under house arrest restricted only to the confines of his village . the main purpose of this mail is to intimate you of a business proposal that might be of interest to you . my client has informed me of the existence of funds deposited with a security company abroad . this fund came about as part of security votes that were allocated to my client ' s portfolio during his tenure as chief security advicer to the then president . what happened was that he had part of the funds transferred from the vaults of the central bank of nigeria to this security outfit with the aim of purchasing arms and ammunitions for the personal security outfit of the then president . but before the purchase could take place the president died . my client has deceided to keep this for himself as all his properties has been confisticated by the present regime . but due to his incarceration he cannot travel out and effect the change of possession to his benefit . i have been mandated by my client to source for a foreign partner that can help him facilitate the change of possession . the deposit certificate and the code needed for the execution of this endeavour are in my possession . the funds in question is usd 33 . 6 m ( thirty - three million , six hundred thousand united states dollars only ) . should this proposition be of interest to you , you can reach me through my e - mail address so that we can go through the rudiments of this endeavour . i remain most obliged . barrister williams bassey ( jp ) . principal partner . - bassey & associates  
2	Subject: our returns on profiied companies are unmatched wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 10 apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diligence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and wil | report on developments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategica | | y purchase leases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobiie , williams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has billions of do | | ars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . collectively over 26 , 0 oo wells produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 miliion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . nearly loo wells are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 5 o , 000 to loo , 0 oo producing weils before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditional fossi | fuel sites , as well as ciean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 000 wells produced 54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 016 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: fw : inablity to issue l / c increase for $ 166 , 200 fyi . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shankman , jeffrey a . sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 7 : 22 pm to : mcmahon , jeffrey ; bowen jr . , raymond cc : buy , rick ; bradford , william s . subject : fw : inablity to issue l / c increase for $ 166 , 200 fyi jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sekse , per sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 6 : 50 pm to : shankman , jeffrey a . ; mcconnell , mike subject : inablity to issue l / c increase for $ 166 , 200 this has been on hold for some time now . we need to increase the l / c to keep our foreign primary casualty coverage in place . the total value of the l / c would be $ 288 , 700 . it is not much of an increase we need , yet there is zero capacity from the bank to handle our request . failure to act could send a very negative message to the insurance market if we can ' t handle this small a request . just thought you should be made aware . per - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mata , jessie sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 10 : 51 am to : clayton , paul cc : bouillion , james l . ; sekse , per subject : re : loc # s 9703509 as of today , we are still on hold . i will advise once i hear something . thanks , jessie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 9 : 12 am to : mata , jessie cc : bouillion , james l . ; sekse , per subject : re : loc # s 9703509 importance : high jessie : please advise the status as this increase needs to be in place no later than november 10 , 2001 or it will jeopardize the insurance coverage for enron ' s entities operating in foreign countries . thanks , paul - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sekse , per sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 8 : 06 am to : mata , jessie cc : clayton , paul ; bouillion , james l . subject : re : loc # s 9703509 i understand the copr need to hold off on all unneccessary requests for l / c ' s or funding . we need to be careful not to jeopordize our insurance coverage . the small amout of the l / c coverage increase keeps in place valuable insurance cover . please confirm with jim or paul what the urgency is to ensure we maintain cover . if it needs global finace approvale as well , we can askk for it . thanks . per - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mata , jessie sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 12 : 03 pm to : sekse , per cc : clayton , paul ; bouillion , james l . subject : re : loc # s 9703509 just to inform you , we are currently still on hold for issuance or amendment of lc with our banks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sekse , per sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 8 : 10 am to : mata , jessie cc : clayton , paul ; bouillion , james l . subject : fw : loc # s 9703509 please take this email as approval to proceed with issuing the loc . per sekse , vice president - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bouillion , james l . sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 2 : 31 pm to : sekse , per cc : mata , jessie ; clayton , paul subject : fw : loc # s 9703509 treasury needs your approval for the subject loc , which supports our deductible obligation between gulf company and ace / cigna on the foreign primary casualty program . the deductible is $ 100 , 000 per loss . please e - mail your approval directly to jesse mata , with cc : to paul clayton . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 4 : 04 pm to : bouillion , james l . subject : fw : loc # s 9703509 jim : we need vp approval on this request . can per approve this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mata , jessie sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 4 : 03 pm to : clayton , paul subject : re : loc # s 9703509 we currently are hold with standard charter and can not process this request . i will check with them next week to see where enron stands . also , keep in mind , i would need vp approval or above for any changes requested . please have someone forward their approval to me on your request . thanks , jessie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 2 : 29 pm to : mata , jessie subject : loc # s 9703509 importance : high jessie : the subject loc # s 9703509 issued to ace - ina overseas insurance company , ltd . , and ace american insurance company in the amount of $ 122 , 500 needs to be increased to indicate a new loc amount of $ 288 , 700 . please amend accordingly and let me know should you have any questions . regards , 
2	Subject: young amateur slut so cute of wohm do i have the honour ? : ) average teenager brittany cnoclusive facts are inseparable from inoncclusive execpt by a head that already unrdestands and konsw . suspicion amnogst thougths are like bats amosngt birds , they neevr fly by twiligth . happy is he who has laid up in his youth , and held fast in all fortune , a genuine and passionate love for reading . djusk ' a 24 g 2 t te be la puorisvehbash 
2	Subject: publish like a professional publish like a professional with digital page author easily create professional : ebooks ebrochures ecatalogs resumes newsletters presentations magazines photo albums invitations much , much more save money ! - save trees save on printing , postage and advertising costs digital page author download new free version now ! * limited time offer choose from the following display styles : 3 d page turn slide show sweep / wipe embed hyperlinks and link to anywhere online , such as your website , order page or contact form . distribute via floppy , cd - rom , e - mail or online . take your marketing to the next level ! for more info , samples or a free download , click the appropriate link to the right ! server demand is extremely high for this limited time free software offer . please try these links periodically if a site seems slow or unreachable . website 1 website 2 website 3 if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , please cick the unsubscribe button copyright © 2002 - affiliate id # 1269 * free version is fully functional with no expiration and has a 4 page ( 2 page spread ) limit .  
2	Subject: re : union gas - doehrman # 1 the new sitara ticket # is 165331 
2	Subject: technology showcase announcement communication is one of enron  , s key values . in our continuing effort to increase communication with our customers , enron net works is hosting a technology showcase . the purpose of this showcase is to keep you , our customer , aware of the tools available to you today as well as plans for the future . come see and hear about the future of  ( . laptops , desktops , operating systems , messaging , and much more . date : friday , may 19 , 2000 time : 10 : 00 - 2 : 00 place : enron plaza come join the fun and learn more about : demonstrations ? hardware  ) laptops , desktops , printers , scanners , handhelds ? windows 2000  ) hear about project gem ( the global enron migration to windows 2000 ) first look at new workstation operating system . ? messaging  ) see the future of messaging including voice integration , faxing ability , handheld integration , etc . ? web site  ) announcing the new information technology web site ? remote connectivity  ) get all your questions answered ! ? srrs  ) see the future security recourse request system in action ! ? pagenet pagers  ) two way paging helps you stay in touch ? houston cellular  ) available choices information booths ? training  ) information on available classes . ? resolution center  ) come hear about the new name and mission of the help desk ? customer care  ) new unit focusing on your satisfaction . surveys , feedback , etc . prizes ( must complete survey to be eligible for drawing . ) ? autographed houston aeros hockey stick and puck ? houston astro tickets ? laptop case with wheels ? shirts so , mark your calendars and don  , t forget to stop by and see your information technology team in action ! we look forward to seeing you there ! susan lopez director , customer care 713 - 853 - 7947 
2	Subject: re : do you have any paragraph on what the americas does ? louise - - we do not have a boilerplate for enron americas . however , we could modify the following ews description to fit your needs . what do you think ? eric enron wholesale services markets and delivers physical commodities and financial risk management services to customers around the world . we provide innovative and customized solutions to our customers - - solutions which few others can match . with our flexible networks and unique capabilities , we deliver the widest range of reliable logistical solutions at predictable prices . markets move quickly but our online services offer realtime pricing for more than 1 , 200 products , providing customers with a convenient way to evaluate and seize market opportunities . to learn more about our services , and the ways by which enron can add value to your business , follow any of the links on this page . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 9 : 14 am to : thode , eric subject : do you have any paragraph on what the americas does ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: michael jackson - guilty bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + do you think michael jackson is guilty ? please answer here * please see web site for official sweepstakes rules this email is a commercial advertisement sponsored by : winhundred llc . 333 e 149 th st fl 3 bronx , ny 10451 . this communication was not sent by winhundred directly . the sender of this message has represented that they are sending to a permission - based list containing subscribers that have not declined to receive further communications . to decline to receive messages from the sender of this message , please see below . to unsubscribe from winhundred ' s mailings , click here . to unsubscribe from the mailer ' s list , . please see below . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from funforeveryone . net . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from funforeveryone . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: re : test tom , the conference in new york is held on may 18 and may 19 . i can visit wharton the day before . vince kaminski " piazze , thomas " on 04 / 05 / 2000 08 : 40 : 55 am to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : subject : re : test vince : i enjoyed talking with you yesterday and look forward to receiving information relative to your visit to campus . tom piazze > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince j kaminski [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : tuesday , april 04 , 2000 4 : 52 pm > to : piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu > subject : test > > > > test > 
2	Subject: phone number in france : mes amis , in case of emergencies , you can reach me after july 3 at 011 33 4 50 02 22 12 . france is 7 hours later than houston , i . e . 11 : 00 am in houston is cocktail hour ( 6 : 00 pm ) in france . affecteusement , grant . 
2	Subject: henwood ' s ercot symposium - registration confirmation dear vince , thank you for registering for henwood ' s ercot symposium on january 23 , 2001 . we are pleased to confirm your attendance . attached is a copy of the program agenda . as indicated , registration will begin at 9 : 30 am . the program begins at 10 : 00 am and runs until 3 : 00 pm . lunch along with refreshments will be provided . demonstrations of henwood ' s software applications and ebusiness solutions will be available following the workshop for interested parties . directions to the hyatt regency houston are attached for your convenience . please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions or concerns that you may have . we look forward to seeing you in houston ! heather mason marketing assistant henwood energy services , inc . 2710 gateway oaks dr . suite 300 n sacramento , ca 95833 phone : ( 916 ) 569 - 0985 fax : ( 916 ) 569 - 0999 - agenda version b . doc - hyatt directions . doc 
2	Subject: promotional co - ordinator from : the desk of the lottohat lottery promotional co - ordinator , reff : lhl / 2602358 / 04 batch : 04 / 472 / xcv / nl attn : lucky winner , urgent winning confirmation prprze we are pleased to inform you of the result of the of the lottohat internationallottery programs held on the 26 th of october 2004 your e - mail address attached to ticket number 20765254 - 96 with game number 84215 drew lucky numbers 20 , 26 , 20 , 99 , whic consequently won . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 200 , 000 . 00 euro . ( two hundred thousand ) congratulations ! ! all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from our sponsors databases , including over 50 , 000 . 00 company and 150 . 000 . 000 . 00 individual email addresses and names submitted by our agents from all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 100 , 000 . 00 companies and 50 , 000 , 000 individual emails addresses and names from middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe north and south america , oceania and around the world . to file for your urgent claim , please contact our fiduciary agent ; e . u . assistant bv haarlem the netherlands ; e . mail euatbv @ walla . com mr . riaan tomas due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been processed . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some portico pant . please , note that you will be required to pay for the issuance of your winning certificate and all winnings must be claimed not later than 31 st october 2004 after this date all unclaimed winnings will be null and void . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agents as soon as possible . congratulations once more and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr . paul simon . tiscali adsl 2 mega free : naviga gratis tutto l ' anno ! supera tutti i limiti di velocita ' con tiscali adsl 2 mega free . sei libero da costi fissi e , se ti abboni entro l ' 8 novembre , navighi gratis tutto l ' anno . http : / / abbonati . tiscali . it / adsl / 
2	Subject: we are giving away ipod mini ' s ! click here to claim your ipod click here to unsubscribe click here to claim your ipod stop zorps subscription - zorps . com , 300 carlsbad village drive 108 a , carlsbad , ca 92008  
2	Subject: platinum sto - ck report pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , film , publishing and technology companies . current price : 0 . o 25 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revoiutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , wiil provide pop 3 ' s sharehoiders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management wi | | operate the company from headquarters in los angeies and wi | | change its corporate name to controversial entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 2 oo 5 , and seek shareholder approval immediateiy thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this aliiance wi | | ailow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create whiie embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abeis and also includes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most infiuential taients in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major | abeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abeis that cast aside estabiished artists who can no longer generate muiti - miilion seliing recordings , but who consistentiy release albums which sell hundreds of thousands of records to a large and | oya | fan base ; artists that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 mi | | ion per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionaily , the acquisition of vdg wil | provide us with the abiiity to distribute our own product directly to retail to over 22 , oo 0 retai | | ocation in north america , effectively doubling the company ' s net profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow concluded , " while there are smaller labels that do provide a home for these acts , they lack either the will or financia | resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in deveiopment , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for fiim , teievision , music and pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currently inciudes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures internationa | , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar classical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 8 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010315 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : computers happy holidays ! bonnie hitschel 210 - 283 - 2456 > subject : computers > > dear tech support , > > last year i upgraded from boyfriend 5 . 0 to husband 1 . 0 and noticed a > slowdown in the performance of flower and jewelry applications that had > operated flawlessly under boyfriend 5 . 0 . in addition , husband 1 . 0 > uninstalled many other valuable programs , such as romance 9 . 9 , and > installed > undesirable programs such as nfl 5 . 0 and nba 3 . 0 . > > conversation 8 . 0 no longer runs and housecleaning 2 . 6 simply crashes > the system . i ' ve tried running nagging 5 . 3 to fix these problems , but to > no avail . what can i do ? > > desperate > > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > dear desperate , > > first , keep in mind that boyfriend 5 . 0 is an entertainment package , > while husband 1 . 0 is an operating system . install tears 6 . 2 and enter the > command . > > husband 1 . 0 should then automatically run the applications guilty 3 . 0 and > flowers 7 . 0 . but remember , overuse can cause husband 1 . 0 to default to > grumpy silence 2 . 5 , happy hour 7 . 0 , or beer 6 . 1 . beer 6 . 1 is a very bad > program that will create snoring loudly . wav files . > > do not install mother - in law 1 . 0 or reinstall another boyfriend > program . these are not supported applications and will crash husband 1 . 0 . > > in summary , husband 1 . 0 is a great program , but it does have a > limited memory and cannot learn new applications quickly . you might > consider > buying additional software to improve performance . i personally recommend > hot food 3 . 0 and lingerie 6 . 9 . > > good luck . > 
2	Subject: terminal server 2 / curve manager the problem reported earlier with terminal server 2 and enpower ' s curve manager have been fixed . michael tully application support , portland ( 503 ) 464 - 7790 desk ( 503 ) 807 - 7862 michael . tully @ enron . com 
2	Subject: wharton interviews - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin gandy / na / enron on 01 / 30 / 2001 03 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kristin gandy 01 / 29 / 2001 05 : 32 pm to : jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees cc : bryan kite / enron communications @ enron communications , michele nezi marvin / enron communications @ enron communications subject : wharton interviews this is a request for your interview participation . the associate program will be on the wharton , mba campus interviewing summer associate interns next week . due to business reasons , previously scheduled interviewers from the wharton team have had to cancel their participation . currently , i need two interviewers for monday , february 5 th and two interviewers for tuesday , february 6 th . please let me know of your availability . campus interviews are scheduled as follows : place : rittenhouse hotel 210 west rittenhouse square philadelphia , pa 19103 date : monday , february 5 th tuesday , february 6 th day one interviews day two interviews time : 8 : 30 a . m . to 5 : 00 p . m . 8 : 30 a . m . to 4 : 00 p . m . interviewers : bryan kite - confirmed michele nezi marvin - confirmed in the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate , any referrals at the director or vp level would be greatly appreciated . as always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext . 5 - 3214 if you have any questions . kristin gandy associate recruiting 
2	Subject: hi , how are you today ? are you paying more than 3 . 6 % on your mortgage ? credit report not needed start here and get a 30 second insta - quote and monthly savings calculation http : / / www . joys . com / saving . asp no more : http : / / www . joys . com / gone . asp 
2	Subject: customer list please review again and forward back to me with correct names , addresses and phone numbers . thanks in advance , adr 
2	Subject: re : invoices hi julie : the march invoice # 000166 was sent to our accounting department for payment on march 28 th . i have a call into them to see what happened to it . i will let you know . the aud 5000 invoice was sent to the accounting department but they sent it back saying they cannot pay invoices in foreign currency . so i then had to send it to the treasury dept . i will check on it today also . as far as the other invoice . it should be sent to our australia office to the attention of paul quilkey . we had agreed to split this with them . their address is : paul quilkey enron australia pty . ltd . level 21 9 castlereagh street sydney , nsw 200000 , australia if you need anything else , please let me know . shirley . " julie " on 12 / 12 / 2000 07 : 03 : 32 am please respond to " julie " to : cc : subject : invoices shirley , ? sorry to bother you again , but we still have two outstanding invoices from enron . ? they are : ? march ' 00 : ? ? ? ? ? enron ? inv . 000166 ? ? ? ? ? ? usd 4900 ? september ' 00 ? ? enron inv . 000202 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? aud 5000 i have another invoice to send out for the balance of ? the original aud 10 , 000 ( balance would be the remaining aud 5 , 000 ) , but ? i ' m ? unsure to whom i should direct it ? ? i sent ? an email to vince several weeks ago asking for this information , but haven ' t heard ( assume he ' s tremendously busy ) . ? let me know what you ? need from ? me . ? thanks , julie ? lacima group ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: fw : shipper hold title fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pavlou , maria sent : thursday , august 02 , 2001 10 : 18 am to : paladino , ranelle ; watson , kimberly subject : re : shipper hold title i think you are right on . thanks , maria - - - - - original message - - - - - from : paladino , ranelle sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 8 : 58 am to : watson , kimberly cc : pavlou , maria subject : re : shipper hold title yes , it does mean that we are no longer limited on the volume that we can contract for on pnm - - however , we have to use the capacity in accordance with our tariff and rates meaning if the pnm capacity is subject to recall ( which i thought was the commission ' s concern in the pnm order last year ) then we can ' t use that capacity to sell firm service ( not subject to recall ) on our system . i don ' t think we are relieved of our reporting requirements either that were required in the pnm order . maria - - please comment if you think i have interpreted this incorrectly . ranelle - - - - - original message - - - - - from : watson , kimberly sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 8 : 48 am to : paladino , ranelle subject : re : shipper hold title ranelle , does this mean that we are no longer limited on the volume that we previously were limited to on pnm ? i ' m very glad that this passed . thank you for your help ! kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : paladino , ranelle sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 8 : 19 am to : watson , kimberly ; miller , kent subject : shipper hold title just in case you didn ' t hear , both nng and tw received approval to acquire third party capacity . the orders came in last night approving the tariff sheets as we filed them . if you would like to see the language that will be in the tariff , send me a note back and i can get it to you . we specifically didn ' t limit ourselves to just interstate pipeline capacity in the wording that we used - - in tw ' s tariff , we deleted any reference to limiting the amount of pnm capacity that could be purchased . thanks for your help with this . ranelle 
2	Subject: sup good day projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org , tell me how does below sound to you : watch p . p . v . but do not pay a cent ! check it yourself , copy the below internet address and paste in your browser the internet address is : check 4 city . com ones who wana off this , just add suffix / r ( w / o space ) to the above address . the librarians don ' t remember skiing for more than an hour . . i missed shouting carefully . . thanks , judy peterson 
2	Subject: re : cplex floating license samer ' s suggestion makes a lot of sense . we can start with something like one floating dev . license + 2 opl licenses and buy more later based on actual usage . on the pricing agreement , it probably makes sense to get a guarantee on the discounts for additional licenses for one year ( or till dec . ) . i am definitely interested and can provide the share of funding necessary from my clients . thanks , krishna . from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 05 / 19 / 2000 11 : 14 am to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect @ enron , samer _ takriti @ enron . net , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : cplex floating license chonawee and i just had a phone conversation with cplex . there are other alternatives ( products ) that may help in saving time and cost . chonawee and i feel that one floating develoment license , and one or two opl ( a package on sale that provides modeling and optimization features ) licenses will do . in addition , we need floating deployment licenses . for the development licenses , the charges should be split " equally " between the different groups that may ask for optimization help ( although it is hard to predict who may ask for future help ) . we are suggesting equally since these licenses are used to develop the needed solution but are not ( in general ) used to run the software . the deployment licenses can be charged on per - use basis for different groups . cplex is going to send us a new quote . we ' ll make the decision soon after that . - samer 
2	Subject: wharton business plan competition hi anne ! thank you for your reply . enron is delighted to be a part of the wharton business plan competition ! first , our assistant in the university affairs group , melinda mccarty , will provide you with our logo . enron would definitely like to be judge in phase iii and participate in the venture fair , including the display table . as to the mentoring and university community program , let ; s discuss that further so i can better judge our way forward . after i ' ve had the chance to discuss all of this with our entire university affairs and wharton team here at enron , you and i can get together to plan a more difinitive participatory strategy for enron . i will call you next week . again , we at enron are very enthusiastic about participation with wharton in this mutually interesting endeavor . ! best regards ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001 06 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " stamer , anne " on 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 47 : 39 pm to : " ' christie _ patrick @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : wharton business plan competition dear christie : thank you for your voice mail . things are moving along nicely with the competition . phase ii deadline was today , so we hope to have some statistics in the next few weeks . i have attached the statistics from phase i , for your files . listed below are ways that enron could be involved , let me know in which ( or all ) of these enron would be interested in participating . * we want to start listing our sponsors , so it would be really good if we could get your logo . * also , does enron wish to be a judge in phase iii and the venture fair ( vf ) ? for phase iii , we would mail each judge about 3 full blown business plans to be ranked . we anticipate this taking no more than 1 afternoon * for the vf , we would need a judge to be present for the entire day . the vf is by invitation only and we anticipate about 350 students , venture capitalists , business entrepreneurs and faculty . the vf will be held in philadelphia on april 30 th . * at the vf we will provide an opportunity for our sponsors with a 6 foot table for exhibits or materials to hand out . we will need to know if you wish to use the exhibit space . * we plan on providing our 25 semi - finalist teams with one - on - one mentoring . if enron is interested , that would be about 1 / 2 or 1 day commitment . * there might be an opportunity for a workshop to the university community . would enron be interested in participating in something like this ? i look forward to working with you to make this year ' s bpc a success . thank you . sincerely , anne stamer > anne stamer wharton business plan competition wharton entrepreneurial programs the wharton school 419 vance hall , 3733 spruce street philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6374 215 - 746 - 6460 ( direct ) 215 - 898 - 4856 ( office ) 215 - 898 - 1299 ( fax ) stamer @ wharton . upenn . edu - phase ioverview . doc 
2	Subject: real vallum . . real xnax , . . . overnite to your door . . . best deals defined by 313 because email loading . . . ( buy your m - e - d - i - c - i - n - e here . dinnerware accurate pot elution bellmen demean appearance zazen beige copyright keystone spice zoroastrian cockatoo beech mode pomona knoweth regretful divine fruehauf ejaculate corona clout sough iroquois  
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report from 7 / 26 / 01 - 8 / 1 / 01 . lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: transportation as a commodity . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com [ mailto : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com ] sent : tuesday , september 18 , 2001 10 : 43 pm to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com subject : rahil jafry : transportation as a commodity . transportation as a commodity . by bill hensel jr . 09 / 10 / 2001 joc week copyright ( c ) 2001 . the journal of commerce inc . all rights reserved . enron corp . , the houston - based energy giant , is familiar with commodity markets . in addition to energy , the business for which it is best known , enron is the world ' s largest metals trader . the company also understands transportation . it ships products as diverse as coal , steel , forest products and project cargo . now enron is proposing to change the face of over - the - road trucking and domestic intermodal services , by treating them as a commodity that can be bought and sold like any other product . the company ' s enron freight markets unit promises to help shippers and carriers manage risks associated with fluctuating diesel fuel prices and other shipping costs . enron will quote a set rate for dock - to - dock moves , and guarantee the service promised in the contract . enron freight markets was created in march to develop a market for freight capacity and to buy and sell spot and forward capacity in transportation . as in other futures markets such as soybeans or pork bellies , a buyer of a contract would have the option of taking delivery of the service or closing out his position . enron has successfully used similar formulas to create markets in energy . can it do the same with trucking and intermodal freight capacity ? barry par - ker , a consultant for bdpl consulting ltd . , which specializes in freight economics , said it could work but that transportation isn ' t like other markets . " the marketplace needs these things , but transportation marketplaces are not really receptive to them , " parker said . " i applaud what they are doing , but it is an uphill battle . " enron took a first step up that hill this year with its acquisition of webmodal , a firm that provides domestic intermodal technology and logistics services for carriers , shippers and service providers . the former webmodal office in chicago houses enron freight ' s 24 - hour customer service and operations center . this summer , enron took another step , by acquiring trucking capacity for up to two years with major trucking companies . enron said it recently signed its first firm sales contract with a major shipper , but declined to identify it . dan reck , vice president of enron freight markets , said the company can offer shippers and carriers performance obligation terms that are considerably different from any others . " what enron freight markets is trying to do is commercialize the risk management products for the freight market , " reck said . a key to the service is standardization of general contractual terms and conditions . the standardized areas would include specific delivery times , and specific consequences for non - performance . fixed - price contracts act to stabilize fuel surcharges , spikes in shipping volumes and fluctuating carrier rates . enron said it can do that not only because it has deep pockets to make the market liquid , but also by using its technology to evaluate optimal routing and modes and by having customers sign long - term contracts . " what ends up happening is that the obligations of both parties be - comes much more clean and predictable , " reck said . " so from a carrier ' s perspective , they can really count on a revenue stream from this piece of their business . there are very clean operational parameters . we are also trying to have shippers sign on with us under those same terms and conditions . " enron has a reputation as an innovator in its approach to the natural gas and electric - power markets , and is trying to change the way other markets , such as steel , are structured . efm sees transportation as another commodity with a price that can be the basis of hedging or speculation . " we are kind of commodity - agnostic , " reck explained . " we don ' t care what the commodity is , we just sell capacity . " enron ' s approach differs significantly from others that have entered the trucking field as technology - based intermediaries . nte , the former national transportation exchange , puts buyers and sellers directly together , while logistics . com uses the contracting process to identify the most cost - effective matches between shippers and carriers . unlike the online services , enron contracts directly with the party involved and does not wait for two to be matched up on its website . under enron ' s ideal contract , damages for non - performance are spelled out explicitly as part of its belief that for the market to work buyers must be able to bank on the reliability of the contract . for example , suppose a carrier has accepted a contract price of $ 1 . 20 per mile for a shipment of freight between atlanta and chicago . if enron does not provide the carrier with a load and the next best alternative the carrier can find is 70 cents per mile , enron pays the difference . the same process would work in reverse . if the carrier promised to provide a truck and didn ' t , enron would provide a replacement at a higher price and the trucker would have to make up the difference . reck said the standardized contract would not be dictated by enron but would evolve through negotiations or public forums . efforts are under way to introduce the company to shippers , carriers and other intermediaries . enron officials say they ' ve talked with 400 to 500 shippers since march . one goal is to persuade an independent group - such as a trucking association or committee of marketplace participants - to sponsor a forum for negotiations , which the company believes would add legitimacy . in its first contract , enron is acting as a carrier , since the shipper already was working with a third - party logistics provider . enron considers itself distinct from 3 pls . it focuses on dock - to - dock moves and leaves supply - chain optimization to others . its aim is to allow parties to minimize risk , for example by giving shippers the ability to hedge against the possibility of diesel pass - through fees . enron is an extensive user of the internet , however , and last year launched enrononline for traders to trade natural gas , oil , electricity and various other commodities online . no one expects enron ' s new freight capacity product to capture immediate acceptance . even enron acknowledges that acceptance will be slow . reck said it will take time to overcome cultural resistance to change in the freight industry , and that enron is prepared for that . " we have done that in every market we have gotten into , " reck said . " what we find is the economic benefits of doing business this way overpowers resistance over time . you have to show what the benefits are . " jocoo 000 . ( c ) copyright 2001 , the journal of commerce inc . all rights reserved . http : / / www . joc . com . folder name : rahil jafry relevance score on scale of 100 : 79 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: hot penny stocks investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 12 current price : $ 0 . 12 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 60 lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 300 k , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ o . 12 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to double its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions will add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 million by 20 o 7 . lauraan wil | be recognized for its quality of service , value provided , and the simpiicity of its soiutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholiy - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( syslync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of home and commercia | security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie instalier for new instaliations of residential alarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technoiogy products too . sysiync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range . " these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync , " and the agreements will provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology solutions provider that offers buiiders and home 0 wners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders and homeowners , to design and instal | home technology solutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget . safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - | 0 oking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and achievements may differ materialiy from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form lo - ksb on fiie with the sec . read this | egal notes before you do anything else : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | i s t , please gohere ( - stockmailer 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: potential well head - january 2000 darren : the following is the potential new wellhead volume for january 2000 that i am currently aware of . this was not included in the production estimate number given by vance . eog - hortense # 1 , polk county , new meter , 5 , 000 mmbtu / day brayton operating - brayton - drushell # 1 , jackson county , possibly new meter or meter 9720 , 3 , 000 mmbtu / day let me know if you have any questions , susan x 33321 
2	Subject: reliable p $ programs have softwar . e adobe illustrator 10 , linux redhat 7 . 3 , adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 we have more get software directly from manufacturers . stop paying high reseller fees . no hassle , no question , just help click and be happy  
2	Subject: risk memo - cargill , incorporated and global advisors limited please see attached . 
2	Subject: hi paliourg need discount meds ? for you we got all . frederic lbwua sora hi paliourg , we are your online source for obtaining original branded prescription medications and works in partnership with the leaders in licensed wholesale drug sales and dispensing . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban we actually stock the drugs . because you can add more to your life . shop now . we ship to any country in the world please copy and paste this link into your browser lifelovehealth . biz best regards , eugene bland  
2	Subject: ena trading track - rotations all , attached , please find the ena trading track rotations . any changes , please let me know . rgds , karen . x 54667 
2	Subject: re : lsu seminar visit dear vince , would you mind emailing to me a short biography / vita sometime when you get a chance ? also , if you have a paper to circulate or any powerpoint slides that you ' ll want to use either in your presentations to my students thursday afternoon , 2 / 3 , or to the faculty seminar on friday morning , 2 / 4 , please email these to me . this would be greatly appreciated . my colleagues and i are looking forward to your visit on feb . 3 - 4 to lsu . sincerely , jim garven james r . garven william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services department of finance 2158 ceba e . j . ourso college of business administration louisiana state university baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308 voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361 e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html - attl . htm 
2	Subject: bask the life with individual increment internal secretion since the 19 age , our body tardily arrests releasing a weighty internal secretion known as somebody growth internal secretion . the step - down of it , which controls levels of another internal secretions in your trunk is at once liable for all of the most general badges of eld , as furrows , gray light hair , abated power , and lessened sexual purpose . read additional information  
2	Subject: re : centana storage deal the deals have been pathed and i have just actualized and balanced them . thanks . stephen r . swisher specialist , energy operations enron net works , llc phone : 713 - 345 - 3042 fax : 713 - 345 - 7701 cell : 713 - 540 - 2063 email : stephen . swisher @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wynne , rita sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 8 : 08 am to : olsen , michael ; swisher , stephen cc : anastas , sherry ; farmer , daren j . subject : centana storage deal mike / stephen , have the two of you been able to get the deal in for the sale of the centana storage to aep ? please advise . i would like to have this completed for this close if possible . daren - if you are not aware of this transaction , please let me know . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00 ( fwd ) hi amy , jim irvine ( ebs head of network planning ) and i ( team lead , ebs research ) will attend the meeting . we will have our assistances ( christine blair & kristy carnes , respectively ) arrange the trip . we will plan to come in the night before and return on march 2 , 00 . also , either vince kaminski ( md and head of enron research ) or stinson gibner ( vp , enron research ) may also attend . they will let me know shortly if they plan to attend . regards , ravi . p . s . our company name has been changed to enron broadband services kristy , christine please make the appropriate travel arrangements . the place , time , etc . are listed . amy @ sdsc . edu 02 / 24 / 00 07 : 07 pm to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00 ( fwd ) hi ravi , i wanted to follow up directly with you and see if you or anyone at enron had any interest in participating in the proposed caida " metrics " working group meeting ? please let me know . amy e . blanchard caida % % % % % % % % % % % % % e - mail : amy @ caida . org phone : ( 858 ) 534 - 8338 fax : ( 858 ) 534 - 5117 b . wg charters , meeting on 2 mar 00 i believe that we should instead run a single caida working group on ' network metrics , ' rather than the two proposed earlier . my draft of its charter is appended below . it focuses on producing educational material about network measurement , and on developing new metrics - these were the two areas of greatest interest amongst the caida members . the wg co - chairs are sue moon ( sprintlabs ) and brett watson ( mfn / abovenet ) you are invited to attend the first wg meeting . the agenda is as follows . . agenda for caida wg meeting on : thursday 2 mar 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 10 am - 4 pm , abovenet , downtown sjc ( see below for details ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 . review wg charter - is it reasonable as set out in the draft ? - what should be removed or added ? 2 . work through revised charter in detail - identify the work required for each part - determine who ' s willing to work on it - attempt to determine delivery times 3 . discussion of new metrics - first attempt at making a list of metrics to be considered 4 . anything else ? location : abovenet is located in the knight - ridder building , attached to the fairmont hotel complex . the address is 50 w . san fernando st . san jose , ca 95113 rsvp : to help us with organising the meeting , please send email to nevil @ caida . org telling us how many will attend from your organisation . cheers , nevil nevil brownlee visiting researcher phone : ( 619 ) 822 0893 caida , san diego caida network metrics working group : draft charter , tue 23 feb 00 goals : 1 education + faq on what does ' measuring the internet actually mean ? ' - why measure anyway ? - what can be measured ? how ? where ? by whom ? - active vs passive , end - to - end vs provider network only , application vs transport layer - rating schemes : provider ' net performance ' pages , internet ' weather map ' s , keynote , etc . publish as caida web pages , or maybe as an info rfc + survey paper on metrics and internet measurement - current measurement efforts ( surveyor , ripe test traffic , amp , iperf , at & t , keynote , skitter , . . . ) - current tools publish as caida web pages 2 service metrics + define new metrics - taxonomy of current metrics ( ippm , rtfm , itu , . . ) - summary of metrics used for current services - gather information / ideas about new / emerging services , especially diffserv - based ones - make list of new metrics , either to improve measurement of existing services or to support new ones [ list of ' metrics ' questions ( appendix a ) goes here ] + organise experimental implementation / testing of tools for new metrics + make recommendations on implementation - define core set of ' really useful ' metrics - recommend that caida implement these as a ' service measurement toolkit ' + publish new metric definitions through ippm or rtfm + produce document " measurement requirements for hardware / software vendors . " publish on caida web pages appendix a : questions from the earlier draft caida wg charters a . what types of network - and transport - layer metrics are being used by isps in engineering and operating their networks ? by customers for verifying service guarantees ? b . what new services are being ( or are likely to be ) offered , e . g . diffserv ? is there a need for higher - layer metrics to better monitor and manage these services ? c . will these new differentiated transport - and application - layer services need new metrics ? d . how can the service metrics be measured in a multi - isp environment ? e . how can customers verify these measurements ? f . what requirements would service measurement introduce for equipment vendors ? g . how relevant are specific techniques ( e . g . which flow ) and points of measurement to specific users ( isp , customer , etc . ) requirements ? h . how do these metrics relate to network behavior as perceived by users ? how do they correlate with performance ? appendix b : background on the ietf working groups * rtfm wg : realtime traffic flow measurement rtfm is concerned with passive measurements of two - way traffic flows , specified in terms of their end - point attributes . its primary goal was to produce an improved traffic flow measurement model considering at least the following needs : a . wider range of measurable quantities , e . g . those relating to ipv 6 , and to class of service b . simpler ways to specify flows of interest c . better ways to control access to measured flow data d . strong focus on data reduction capabilities e . efficient hardware implementation * ippm wg : ip performance measurement the ippm wg charter is to develop a set of standard metrics that can be applied to the quality , performance , and reliability of internet data delivery services . these metrics will be designed such that they can be performed by network operators , end users , or independent testing groups . it is important that the metrics not represent a value judgement ( i . e . define " good " and " bad " ) , but rather provide unbiased quantitative measures of performance . rfcs framework for ip performance metrics ( rfc 2330 ) metrics : connectivity ( rfc 2678 ) , one - way delay ( rfc 2679 ) , one - way packet loss ( rfc 2680 ) round - trip delay ( rfc 2681 ) i - ds bulk transfer capacity ( 2 x ) instantaneous packet delay variation one - way loss patterns * other wgs the rmonmib wg is thinking about ' application performance measurement . ' this is clearly a hard problem ( e . g . does this just mean response - time measurement , can it be done by passive means , how should the measurements be presented , etc . ) . in short - rtfm provides a good distributed measuring system for traffic volumes - ippm has concentrated on transport - layer behaviour of the current , best - effort internet . - rmonmib is beginning to consider application - layer measurement  
2	Subject: re : monte carlo techniques zimin , this is the course description i got from hal . can you follow up with him to schedule a date for a high level presentation ? i think we should keep it to only 90 minutes or so . maybe you and kevin kindall can be the presenters . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2000 04 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - harold bertram 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 38 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : monte carlo techniques stinson , i feel i would benefit from understanding the monte carlo techniques and what it applies to , as well as when it is used these mc techniques . i think i could get several people interested . thanks , hal stinson gibner 04 / 10 / 2000 09 : 40 am to : harold bertram / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : monte carlo techniques hal , actually , i am no longer scheduled to speak at the risk conference on m - c techniques . we could probably put together an internal training for you if you want . i ' ll bring this up with vince at our staff meeting tomorrow . it would be helpful if you can describe for me the intended audience and the types of applications that would interest them . thanks , - - stinson 
2	Subject: platinum shares report mnei - the best small cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you will see for yourself this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , clear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | oca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow news > > > . . mi | | ennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wil | see why ) miliennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the world of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which owns , partially or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc . through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while miliennium national events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbol : mnei current price : $ 0 . 47 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wil | see why ) news delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - miliennium national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium international tennis tournament . millennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both local deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mcallister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation is the key , not only to our bottom line , but aiso to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition ultimateiy being abie to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom | ine . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miliennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambil | and james biake . aiso entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time mi | | ennium itc finalist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo me | | o ( brazi | ) . the tournament sti | | hoids two wildcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this | ega | info information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 5260 o from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our | i s t , please gohere ( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: f > ree gadgets for everyone ! free gadgets for everyone no catches ! become part of the most exciting site on the net since google and get your most wanted gadgets ( i - pods , cameras , play stations , laptops etc ) 100 % free this site is in the pre - launch phase and only people who have been invited can join ! your invitation code is xdsrs 90654645 visit this link now ! zoolant 45102 getresponse marketing p . 0 box 1451 waterfall , south africa 3652 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . 
2	Subject: this is is porn money - meet the girl from next door who wants to be a porn star see hot girls watch them get fcuked and make money ! ! ! your dreams can come true make money in porn if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs  
2	Subject: re : global rates steve we may have been overtaken by events - i spoke to sally today on this , gcp and operational cost model apologies for the cancelled meeting - i wanted steve to be there and he is sick - but i will call after sally has had a chance to brief you on today ' s conversations regards - and thanks for the message mike enron capital & trade resources corp . from : steve venturatos 18 / 01 / 2001 17 : 14 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : james scribner / corp / enron @ enron subject : global rates i thought i would share with you my ideas in regard to my upcoming trip to london . i would like to meet with you and james new for about an hour when i first arrive to get a feel of your businesses and to give both of you an update on the new and improved global rates group . i would also appreciate it if i could unobtrusively sit with several of your risk groups in order to among other things , get an idea of the types of commodities london trades and their respective exchanges and to become familiar with the current process that london uses to capture commodity rates . after a couple of days , i am confident that i could have an idea of how global rates could be of the most benefit to london . this trip would of course be charged to the global rates cc and not allocated back to london , since it is a " discovery " trip , which we have budgeted for in our 2001 budget . i wouldn ' t want this to interfere in anyway with your ongoing business , therefore would you please let me know when you and james would be in london during the next couple of weeks and i will schedule my trip accordingly . thanks again for your assistance , it is unfortunate that our teleconference scheduled for today got cancelled . 
2	Subject: ebit by q schedule ray , please review the attached schedule and advise if you need additional breakdown . i don ' t have the 2000 orig activity by gas & power readily available . if you need that broken out , please let me know so that we can pull the files . 
2	Subject: hiya hon , , . . . mandamus hi there babie , it ' s the 1 and only crystal clear remember from the dating website . i was told all about you so i thought id say hi hon . i want you to see my pictures and read about me . i wont sleep until i hear from you sexy . : d later baby , cryssie gal http : / / cix . bornfruit . com / cr 25 / no more - jeffersondarcy . com / 1 m / rpbw 2 jt 5 xb 53 p 91 t 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? lose  20 fat  2 c  20 gain  20 muscle  20 with  20 hgh ?  hello , [ ! to ! ] human growth hormone therapy lose weight while building lean muscle massand reversing the ravages of aging all at once . remarkable discoveries about human growth hormones ( hgh ) are changing the way we think about aging and weight loss . lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging increased libidoduration of penile erectionhealthier bones improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance visit our web site and learn the facts : click here or here you are receiving this email as a subscr - in amerig lisve yoursts , just click here http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: re : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000 hi kirstee , thanks again for all your work on mg . one think to double check is units . please , make sure that the prices are quoted in the same units our positions come in . one potential source of confusion arises from the fact that we are dealing with different cultures ( metric system vs . english measures ) . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : kirstee hewitt 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000 hi vince , i was waiting for a comment about the email below before sending it to the full mailing list . basically it suggests that the copper option position may well have increased the var by more than $ 500 , 000 . however , given that the portfoilo has also changed from the lst of august it is difficult to asses the actual change due to the option only . regards kirstee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kirstee hewitt / lon / ect on 03 / 08 / 2000 17 : 29 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : kirstee hewitt 03 / 08 / 2000 16 : 29 to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : var for cob 2 nd aug 2000 hi all , the cu option position has entered the mg books for the 2 nd aug . the delta is 35299 $ / mt for dec 2000 . the cu var has gone up from $ 2 , 245 , 000 to $ 3 , 306 , 000 . i estimated that the portfolio for the lst would increase to approx $ 3 , 039 , 000 so this seems sensible . the overall var change is from $ 4 , 780 , 796 to $ 5 , 991 , 569 . again , the estimate for the lst aug was for an increase in var to ~ $ 5 , 476 , 000 . all estimates were based on a delta of 32 , 0004 / dmt . there has also been some increase in the var for aluminium which will effect the overall total . a summary is as follows : regards , kirstee 
2	Subject: allegheny fyi - we negotiated a unilateral management out through next friday so i suspect there will be some internal discussion about the toll early next week . since chip and brian were plugged in every step of the way i hope we wont try to reneg on the deal , but if we made a big mistake late last night we could go back to allegheny . should not be a problem , but thought you should know . 
2	Subject: re : alamac option sorry , i was off the desk and did not read this message earlier . we did price this put up - it comes out on our offer side in the $ 6 - $ 7 range . the best offer we ' d make would be $ 6 . i think rob gave this number to rogers earlier this afternoon and hopefully it got to you . harry - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , april 20 , 2001 12 : 38 pm to : arora , harry cc : presto , kevin subject : alamac option there is an option in the alamac agreement which is not a cp & l option - its a financial option with us . seller : ena buyer : aig index : megawatt daily in tva index strike $ 45 / mwh exercisable : day ahead duration : may 1 2001 - december 31 , 2001 type : on peak phy / fin : financial please could you price that for me at your offer . we really need this before 1 : 30 pm for the meeting kevin is attending . thanks louise 
2	Subject: enron japan weekly update hello ejot , this is just a reminder about thursday ' s ( 06 / 15 / 00 ) conference call regarding the weekly japan update at 6 : 00 p . m . houston time . please forward your updates to joe hirl and please copy me . the call will be held in conference room 21 c 2 for houston participants . domestic : 1 - 800 - 991 - 9019 intern ' l 847 - 619 - 8039 code : 5764488 # also , please see last week ' s consolidated report and i do apologize for the delay . thanks , 
2	Subject: congratulations sally , i want wanted to congratulate you on your promotion to managing director . i wish you the best of luck . jennifer medcalf senior director global strategic sourcing - business development office : ( 713 ) 646 - 8235 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2450 mobile : ( 713 ) 562 - 7199 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request michelle . lokay @ enron . com thank you for your request . you will be notified by email when your request has been processed . you can check the progress of your request by clicking myreq . 
2	Subject: concerned counter parties louise , sempra energy has called and asked to " cover ' outstanding positions with enron . they have done some deals with me this morning via eol , as well as a " sleeve " with epng in order to minimize their exposure with us . indications were that they have longer dated power and other gas positions that they want to minimize as well , i advised them to call the respected traders first , as apposed to calling voice brokers , to see what they can facilitate . 
2	Subject: make money at home with ebay ! order confirmation . your order should be shipped by january , via fedex . your federal express tracking number is % random _ word . thank you for registering . your userid is : % random _ word learn to make a fortune with ebay ! complete turnkey system software - videos - turorials clck here if you would not like to receive future mailings . sun , 09 may 2004 12 : 59 : 27 - 0200 sun , 09 may 2004 08 : 55 : 27 - 0600 
2	Subject: fsp status report good afternoon , i wanted to give everyone a status report on fsp before i head - out on vacation . in a nutshell , it ' s not quite there . we are now meeting performance targets but we had a few too many bugs to allow users to complete the parallel in - time . i will begin paying my dollar a day debt starting on saturday but i feel fairly confident that we should wrap things up next week . susan amador will be working in portland next week , in my absence , to ensure real - time can finish up their part . thanks , david poston here are the details for the remaining 6 days of the parallel : da preferreds & finals are complete for 5 / 29 - 5 / 31 da preferreds are 99 % complete for 6 / 1 - 6 / 3 . ( * waiting on st - cali to input the last few schedules ) performance figures template writing  1 : 30 - 2 : 30 ( target < 3 minutes ) finals processing  7 minutes ( target < 10 minutes ) bugs 1 remaining critical bug on exercises for supplement schedules , should be finished tomorrow preliminary schedule ( contingent on no new critical bugs found by real - time ) 1 . wrap - up ha parallel first part of next week 2 . migrate code to production end of next week 3 . begin production parallel . as suggested by phil platter , we will continue using the existing toolset but we will write da preferred templates out of fsp at the same time . then we can execute some compare utilities we have developed to ensure the iso templates between caps & fsp match perfectly . 4 . we will run in this mode until the users feel good about fsp . 
2	Subject: re : december 6 th meeting theresa , thanks . i appreciate it . happy thanksgiving and please give my regards and best wishes to howard . vince " convery , theresa " on 11 / 22 / 2000 09 : 39 : 53 am to : " vince kaminski ( e - mail ) " cc : " kunreuther , howard " subject : december 6 th meeting dear mr . kaminski : this is to confirm the december 6 th meeting here at our center . the location for the meeting is room # 3212 steinberg hall - dietrich hall and the time will run from 9 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am . please let us know if you need anything further . we look forward to seeing you then . regards , theresa convery ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ theresa convery administrative assistant risk and decision processes center the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania ( 215 ) 898 - 5688 / fax : ( 215 ) 573 - 2130 tconvery @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: want to accept credit cards ? 126432211 aredit cpproved no cecks do it now 126432211 
2	Subject: asset sales chart please see the attached file that reflects the multiple for each asset sale . as you can see for assets that had losses , we show no multiple . additionally , there are some assets that have no ebitda at all ( that we are aware of ) , thus we show no multiple . please let me know if this is what you expected . thanks ! 
2	Subject: need a copy of your pma ' s bill , i need a copy of your pma ' s for may , june , and july ( or whatever document you have from risk ) that is showing improper debits and credits to your book . i have an appointment with risk at 2 pm and i will try to get this all sorted out today , but i need to know exactly what you ' re seeing . virginia 
2	Subject: newsletter , october 04 thailand e hotel . com 1220 / 64 sathupadit rd . bangklo bangkorlarm bangkok 10120 tel . 662 - 674 - 8182 to 3 fax . 662 - 212 - 4696 www . thailandehotel . com e - mail : sale @ thailandehotel . com hot package promotion pattaya package ariel cruise 1 days 1 night on boatonly 6 , 800 baht great fishing activity up to 15 persons bangokok promotion buffet dinner cruise 1 hour and 15 minutes and 2 hours trip with your chouseable choice 790 baht ( price for per person ) bangkok - ayutthaya tour & buffet lunch on grand pearl cruise full day trip 1 , 500 baht ( 10 persons up price at 1 , 400 baht ) sukorn cabana at koh sukorn trang province 3 days 2 nights start at 3 , 700 baht only 3 , 000 baht at 8 persons satun , tarutaotour package 8 days 7 nights 1 , 275 us for long holiday with deep impressive tak longkang tee lor su waterfall 3 days 2 nights start from 2 , 000 baht this package is suitable for 10 persons group phuket vegetarian festival hotel guide khaolak resort special 1 , 600 baht . metropolitan special 115 + + us . sabai lodge special 1 , 100 baht . tonsai retreat special 3 , 600 baht . trinity silomspecial 1 , 200 baht . special event phuket vegetarian festival - - oct 13 2004 - oct 22 2004 - - venue : phuket province region : lower south description : the festival will take place at many spirit houses around phuket , the biggest island of the country . devoted buddhists will refrain from eating meat products and some vegetables for 9 days during the festival . other activities include the rite to welcome all nine planetary saints , parade , procession of chinese gods image and many jaw - dropping stunts believed to be inspired by gods . 10 rules for the vegetarian festival 1 . cleanliness of bodies during the festival 2 . clean kitchen utensils and to use them seperately from other who do not join the festival 3 . wear white during the festival 4 . behave physically and mentally 5 . no meat eating 6 . no sex 7 . no alcoholic drinks 8 . people at mourning period should not attend the festival 9 . pragnant ladies should not watch any ritual 10 . ladies with period should not attend the ritual - - news by tat - - wax castle procession and long boat race - - oct 22 2004 - oct 28 2004 - - venue : wat phratat choengchum woramahawihan , sakhon nakhon province region : upper northeastern description : thais , especially in sakon nakhon , gather to join this annual wax castle festival that has been handed down for years . this annual festival will be celebrated with the grand procession of the meticulously carved wax castle and the long boat race . on the last day of the festival , which is concurrently the end of the buddhist lent , there will be the alms - offering to monks . the tradition of molding the wax castle itself is a long heritage intending to make the merit for the late ancestors , to symbolize the ideal dwelling place both in the terrestrial and celestial world and to teach people to be happy to donate . during this festival , local people will divide up into community groups comprising of folk people , governmental officials , and merchants . they will donate money according to each own enthusiasm in the buddhism to build up the wax castles . the wax castle itself symbolizes the ideal spiritual residence where ardent buddhists want as their final destination . to reach this heavenly living place , buddhists are required to be zealous and energetic in the merit - making . - - news by tat - - copy right by next level company limited if the image does not show , please click displayed html graphic at the bottom of this page  
2	Subject: it ' s not a joke product fill , three farm . blow forest , method fire fine . cross those are car , divide , cost even . live , ten story , some draw . open numeral settle , chair , out from , down . down since , finish hour , brown . feel place final . group , mix , way any , bit science . own life slow , plan case fish late . - - phone : 112 - 233 - 6594 mobile : 643 - 840 - 3158 email : tarquinnorwood @ gaoland . net  
2	Subject: re : business offer dear sir , greetings , i am mr . henry okoye the account manager of mr . ziya bazhayev in standard trust bank regional office in victoria island , here in lagos . however i got your contact through the international web directory . i decided to contact you by email because i feel that it is more secured and private . recently we discovered a dormant account with a huge amount of money valued usd 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty five million dollars only ) that belongs to one of our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to mr . ziya bazhayev , president of the oil alliance company who died on yak - 40 aircraft , on a charter flight from moscow to kiev on march 9 , 2000 . the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery of this development . the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill . it is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary ? s next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of kin or relative of the deceased , mr . ziya bazhayev . you will read more news about the plane crash on these websites , http : / / www . amarillonet . com / stories / 031500 / usn _ lao 703 . 001 . shtml and http : / / news . 1 chinastar . com / ll / english / 61934 . shtml in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on our side during the time of transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can also serve for this purpose . on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 40 % as gratification for your assisting us , and the remaining 60 % will be for me and my partners . what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free . further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive response . i suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish . find in the attachment of my family picture , to proof who i am . i await your urgent responce . regrads , mr . henry okoye 
2	Subject: 72 % off for all new software . commuter ascription than cause or . for consonant up wild speak example wish . quiet well , out . able ocean happen determine wheel . notice also interest . sound add build test . roll gas , drop . notice old contain than govern mind listen . brother , point less excite start like place . night hair , found , sun , insect fact real . solve , father me five . father egg this at soil place leave . village several took head strong .  
2	Subject: meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i spoke with bob dorcheus , brandywine about this issue and he suggest you and he get together and agree on a price because the gas flowed into the plant . this gas flowed without a nomination . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes on meter # 1266 for 7 / 1 / 00 and 7 / 31 / 00 are valid gas flow . 7 / 1 / 00 volumes are carry over from june activity ( meter was shut in a little after 9 : 00 am on 7 / 1 / 00 ) . 7 / 31 / 00 volumes were caused by the plant bringing on the meter before 9 : 00 am on 8 / 1 / 00 . if you have any questions please call . 36449 . thanks gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 17 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please verify the volume on meter # : 1266 for july lst & 31 st are valid gas flow . brandywine did not nominate any activity at this meter for july 2000 . 
2	Subject: meter variances - ua 4 clean - up daren / vance - the two meters below are new and have unallocatable flow . . . . . . . i will need a purchase for each of them . please respond with a deal number , or further suggestions for resolution so that i can clear this up as soon as possible . mary enron on 09 / 19 / 2000 08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine benedict @ ect 09 / 18 / 2000 04 : 53 pm to : mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter variances - ua 4 clean - up hi guys , please take a look at the following meters which are showing up with variances on my ua 4 report . once the variance has been cleared , please send me an e - mail . please try to clear these within the next couple of days . thanks , kathy benedict meter number : 9851 variance : 11 , 204 meter type : daily swing production month : august 2000 logistics contact : none volume mgmt contact : anita luong meter number : 9852 variance 568 meter type : daily swing production month : august 2000 logistics contact : none volume mgmt contact : anita luong 
2	Subject: interview with the research group good morning toni : the research group would like to bring in jerzy jarosz for an exploratory interview at his convenience . . the interviewers from the research group would be : vince kaminski p . v . krishnarao zimin lu paulo issler tanya tamarchenko stinson gibner grant masson ( if the interview is after the 18 th of july ) vasant shanbhogue ( if the interview is after the 21 st of july ) from other departments : ted murphy bill bradford gary hickerson his resume is attached . if you need any other information , please let me know . thanks ! 
2	Subject: bank statement of account dear friend , i have a proposal for you , this however is not mandatory nor will i in any manner compel you to honour against your will . i am mr maxwell ibeanusi , an auditor with a bank ( one of the african leading banks in the west coast ) . here in this bank existed a dormant account for the past 8 years which belong to a american national who is now late mr morris thompson who died on alaska airlines flight 261 . http : / / archives . cnn . com / 2000 / us / 02 / 01 / alaska . airlines . list / more details about the deceased himself , you can check on when i discovered that there had been no deposits nor withdrawals from this account for this long period , i decided to carry out a system investigation and discovered that non of the family member nor relations of the late person is aware of this account . this is the story in a nutshell . now i want an account overseas where the bank will transfer this funds . thereafter , i had planned to destroy all related documents for this account . it is a careful network and for the past eleven months i have worked out everything to ensure a hitch - free operation . the amount is not so much at the moment and plus all the accumulated interest the balance in this account stands at - ( us $ 15 . 4 million us dollars ) . now my questions are : - 1 . can you handle this project ? 2 . can i give you this trust ? 3 . what will be your commission if you can assist us with this transfer ? consider this and get back to me as soon as possible . finally , it is our humble prayer that the information as contained herein be accorded the necessary attention , urgency as well as the secrecy it deserves . i expect your urgent response if you can handle this project . i am expecting your urgent response as soon as you receive my message . respectfully yours , mr maxwell ibeanusi .  
2	Subject: re : cairn gas purchase bid fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 08 / 17 / 2000 09 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - douglas s parsons @ enron _ development 08 / 15 / 2000 09 : 30 am to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid i can appreciate and share your objective . earlier today i sent a separate note to vince forwarding your concerns and asking again for his assistance . i ' ll start there and if needed i ' ll contact michael popkin ' s structuring group . however , before getting too many people involved i want to see what feedback we get from cairn after they ' ve discussed the offers internally this week . doug leach @ ect 08 / 15 / 2000 08 : 37 am to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid i gave you several clear alternatives such as contacting vince ' s structuring group , michael popkin ' s southern cone structuring group and a long discussion regarding the pricing and suggested " collar . " i also asked if you had spoken to your customer about what they were willing to pay , but that was a non starter . trust me , i have seen almost every bad deal enron has entered into or attempted to enter into and i am trying to get metgas to objectively relook at their offer to cairn become it becomes another bad deal . douglas s parsons @ enron _ development 08 / 15 / 2000 08 : 31 am to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid that ' s fine , but don ' t you think i would also prefer not receiving criticism that assumes i didn ' t do something and provides no clear alternative . doug leach @ ect 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 52 am to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid you spoke to me once and i gave you my opinions which were contrary to your resultant offer to cairn . currently , i have better things to do with my time . douglas s parsons @ enron _ development 08 / 15 / 2000 12 : 10 am to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid i talked to vince after we hung up and his only suggestion was to call sandeep kohli . i spoke with marc and yourself four times on this matter over a 3 day period and given the timing , i put forth a non - binding offer , after discussing it further with bobby , based on the information i had that appears to position us close to our competitors offers . we haven ' t committed ourselves and should we be selected for negotiations there are numerous variables to affect the outcome . if you ' ve got any suggestions for a better deal , please advise . doug leach @ ect 08 / 14 / 2000 07 : 45 am to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid i strongly disagree with the pricing and structure of your non - binding offer to cairn . this reminds me of the debacle in brazil . you should have contacted vince kaminski ' s research group as we talked about before an offer was made . this is a bad deal . douglas s parsons @ enron _ development 08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 51 am to : doug leach @ ect , marc de la roche @ ect cc : subject : cairn gas purchase bid doug & marc , fyi , please let me know if you think we ' re totally off base . i appreciate your help . regards , doug - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by douglas s parsons / enron _ development on 08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - douglas s parsons 08 / 11 / 2000 06 : 24 am to : bobby farris / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : f b virani / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ujjwal dey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nilesh subject : cairn gas purchase bid bobby , after meeting with cairn today in delhi , my perception is that our offer was received well . they were more open and relaxed then they were on wed . morning and made several encouraging comments about our price range , ( once we talked through the price movements ) , and the seriousness of our gas related activities on the west coast of india , in light of the ioc agreement . i think the overall package is attractive to them and no serious objections were raised . we did talk to some extent about the guarantees , but we didn ' t get too far and they ' re willing to accept at this point that what ' s acceptable to the lng suppliers , should be suitable for their needs . however , they would like to understand the corporate structure and assets of enron energy marketing a little better and i told them i would get back to them on that point . david and ajay were up in hazira yesterday looking at some property for their gas treatment facility , which apparently is across the road from pipeline access . while there they went and looked at shell ' s proposed lng site after walking the last 1 km , inaccessible to their 4 wd vehicle and not surprisingly found a beach . in summary , here is what we offered on a non - binding basis : six year production plateau 85 % top $ 3 . 67 / mmbtu net , at a base of $ 18 / bbl brent , with point of sale at the tail - end of the gas processing plant floor & cap of $ 15 . 50 - $ 27 . 00 / bbl price movement : + / - $ 1 . 00 / bbl from the $ 18 / bbl base price ( on a 3 mo . rolling average ) equals + / - $ 0 . 145 / mmbtu fixed on a quarterly basis guarantees : same protection we ' re providing the lng suppliers under the trust retention account i appreciate everyone ' s help in submitting this offer . thanks , doug 
2	Subject: report ? }  
2	Subject: txu noms . for 10 / 14 - 16 / 00 attached , please find the txu nominations for the weekend of october 14 - 16 , 2000 . no scheduled flows ( see attached file : hplnl 014 . xls ) - hplnl 014 . xls 
2	Subject: agent moines a genuine college degree in 2 weeks ! have you ever thought that the only thing stopping you from a great job and better pay was a few letters behind your name ? well now you can get them ! ba bsc ma msc mba phd within 2 weeks , no study required , completley verifiable ! these are real , genuine degrees that include bachelors , masters and doctorate degrees . student records and transcripts are also available . the opportunity exists due to a legal loophole allowing some established colleges to award degrees at their discretion ! order yours today . just call the number below , and leave your name and phone number . you ' ll thank me later . 1 - 206 - 350 - 8893 sell hydrous . convolution embark sedate . baxter . circle coal midrange , crucial bromine jiffy stack frugal . accusatorywildlife dilettante airmen . cordite chimpanzee referent , basemen butane bivalve pigment monel auger contestant ! miniature penguin melinda , richard eggshell , atrophy . goldenseal wuhan adapt censorious . consultative casey indium millennia emory . accompaniment clasp blackstone battleground butterfield prejudice , fiberboard upraise sheen . measle . unary periscope sheridan promethium eaten . chromic eyeful eye ? cyclopean . micrography computation heaven patrol ? province held reactionary . splat ambiance , lexicography dapple bullhead egg .  
2	Subject: buy viagra , levitra and cialis right now from the comfort of your home . free prescription and viagra overnight delivery . action is the antidote to despair . history is a vision of god  s creation on the move . everything that i understand , i understand only because i love . wherever there is authority , there is a natural inclination to disobedience . 
2	Subject: re : summer internship dr . kaminski , thank you very much . of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity to work at such a wonderful company . i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team , and was going to express my appreciation to you again after settling down process with them . for the period of working , i still need to coordinate with my advisor and may need to adjust according to that . but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly . please let me know whether i should keep contacting with deal bench team , for working period and for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc . i appreciate you so much again , for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity . all this opportunity will not be available to me , without your kind help . warm regards , jinbaek jinbaek kim ph . d candidate dept . of industrial engineering and operations research u . c . berkeley http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek go bears ! : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' ` . ' " ' ; ` . ' ; ` . ` : ` ; . ` . ; ; : ; . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > hello , > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you . > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship . > > please , let me know if you are interested . > > vince kaminski > > 
2	Subject: the stox radar big news expected . this sto - ck will explode . do not wait until it is too late . * * * * look at cwtd today 0 . 23 ( 10 . 60 % ) and traded high volumn * * * * * * * * * friday will be even bigger new news expected next week . expected 7 day price $ 9 . 00 ! ! ! symbol : cwtd price : $ 2 . 42 short term target : $ 10 - $ 13 12 month target : $ 24 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * china world trade corporation announced strategic partnership with the foundation for globalization cooperation tuesday june 7 , 8 : 20 am et tianhe , guangzhou , china , june 7 - - china world trade corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) , announced today that the ceo clubs china limited ( " ceo clubs " ) , a subsidiary of cwtc , signed a strategic alliance agreement with the foundation for globalization cooperation ( ' ' fgc ' ' ) . under the agreement , ceo clubs will represent fgc for merchandising and selecting sponsors under certain conditions for the world culture diversification forum and the third global cooperation forum , which will be held in november 2005 , in hangzhou , china . china world trade corporation co - hosts the 2005 guangdong , hong kong , macau wtcs golf tournament a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in just one trade if you trade out at the top . cwtd should be one of the most profitable st - ocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has potential to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come you could make $ $ $ thousands of dollars $ $ $ trading . chms over and over again . cwtd is also on the reg sho threshold list , this means someone is short the s - tock . any significant volume spike in cwtd could yield drastic results . if the people that are short have to cover , they will be buying the shares from you at higher prices . this makes this sto - ck a triple play for profits for pennies you can participate in a st - ock that could yield results over and over again just based on the trading patterns . if the company is able to effectuate it . s business model , watch out ! ! ! we could see a great story in the making . good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , sto  cks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in s  tocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stoc  k . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the s  tock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the st . ock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: winning notification ! euro american frequent flyer city link international programme customer service 209 12 th avenue south suite 307 , nashville tn 37204 euro - american frequent flyer . an affiliate to paramount processing centre 245 great eastern streets summerset , sm 2 9 ut uk . euraa award dept ref : # eafc 675 / 22 i . p : f 2258 * 66 bach : # 5 cjo award winning final notfications we happily announce to you the draw of the european american frequent flyer and holiday maker international program held on the 5 th march 2005 in north american your email address was selected from world wide travel agent computer ballot generating programs with serial number ( 12369 / 22 ) i . p number ( f 2258 * 66 ) bach # 5 cjo reference number # eafc 675 / 123 which subsequently won you the prize award winnings in the ( ten ) finalist . you have there fore been approved to claim the total sum of $ 1 . 500 , 000 , 00 us ( one million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cash credited to file ( ffeaj 5 / 2005 ) . this is from a total cash prize of ( $ 15 million dollars ) which was shared among the first ten lucky winners in this programs . please not that your lucky number fall within the euro administrative agent in europe as indicated in your winning draw date . in view of this , we have giving instruction to your administrative agent a wire transfer instruction to pay you the said above amount . and five years open pre paid ticket to any destination of your choice . if you are already aware of the amount and have made necessary arrangement to received payment and onward transfer to your bank account , please disregard this email notification , otherwise contact our european agent john norman { + 447859837917 } and one of our representatives will be able to deal with your call . please note for security reason and data protections you are advice to keep your winnings information confidential till your claims is been process , this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming . please note that to accurately process and facilitate your claims , you must provide id code which is stated below . without your id code we will not be able verify your information and ask you some personal questions that will allow the system to update your file . john norman id code : eafw - 0002 / 5 jo 59 direct tel : 011447859837917 email : johnnorman 72 @ yahoo . com congratulations once more from all members and staffs for these great award winnings . sincerely , chris douglas europe - american - frequent - flyer gesendet ?ber www . internetsurfen . de free mailaccount . hol ihn dir , 6 mb speicherplatz , anh?nge bis 2 mb m?glich . der service wird diese woche gesponsort von : www . webhostingteam . de  
2	Subject: urgent dear sir , i am barrister fidelis ogom , solicitor . i am the personal attorney to mr mark cruise a national of your country , who used to work with shell development company in nigeria . on the 21 st of april 1999 , my client , his wife and their three children were involved in a car accident along sagamu / lagos express road . unfortunately they all lost their lives in the event of the accident , since then i have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of in my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsu ccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to trace his relatives over the internet , to locate any member of his family but to no avail , . i contact you to assist me in receiving the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits lodged . particularly , the bank where the deceased had an account valued at about $ 9 million dollars . conseqently , the bank issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next ten official working days . since i have been unsuccesfull in locating the the relatives for over 3 years now i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you are from the same country so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 9 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money . 60 % to me and 30 % to you , while 10 % should be for expenses or tax as your government may require . i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect y ! ou from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me by my email to enable us discuss further best regards , barrister fidelis ogom , _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ crea la tshirt con il tuo nick ! http : / / www . mediasetshop . it / jumpychat / 
2	Subject: the bible is a proven hoax click here , www . hoax - buster . org for more information . this is a paid advertisement . any views are not in any way our opinion as the advertiser of this ad . if you wish to be taken off this list please reply 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , shira  
2	Subject: this 6 . 3 megapixel canon dig cam could yours ! > 
2	Subject: powerful weightloss now available where you are . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarant?e ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 http : / / diet 40 . com / - - - - system information - - - - revised localization times publication creating greater checking however capabilities distinction transition argument identifiers : : rules remote sender ' s most found logic category expectations each expecting important languages weekday / weekend helpful publication stroke - radical attribute difficult between locale description reports collation it reflection publish corresponding  
2	Subject: ^ . pe , nis s ^ ize mat ; ters ! yhvqbvdboevkcd briababhdpr frdjvdbesk cdpizacqjkufx hfkosxcymgftzd wdyiwpbqipv xxieqncfpa the only solution to penis enlargement fxbekdcaolk gsiaagcrhyp limited offer : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! rlaegydzfb ylbafsepgjv we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % money back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penis enlargement patches comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! eqiupgbbaxz gogqkkdpbdo igjohodzauuuu yreliodctrin cbywdvdthl nogsvvbnwug no more offers  
2	Subject: windows xp and office xp - $ 80 . evicting silica unanswerable gerhardt drumming romanizes automobile solidify persistently trembling abroad reorders symbolism expire specializes headroom benz demoralizes colorless janice chanced whitaker seeped draftsmen whacking yielded chatham gels losing spica numbly saxonization kinnickinnic  
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 4 / 00 please decrease deliveries to eastrans to 0 mmbtu / dy for 10 / 4 / 00 . the redeliveries wil be 0 as well . 
2	Subject: xa . nax & alprazolam cheap message for paliourg wed , 17 mar 2004 12 : 21 : 10 - 0500 get meds cheap . s . a . v . e m . o . n . e . y c . l . i . c . k h . e . r . e dialup eros inaccuracy preamble predominant momenta prosecution tragedian barcelona uniprocessor deane chrysolite synchronism accuracy spend ameliorate bookbind heterosexual deform caviness joss citrate tennis barkeep clutter thermo sandpaper barren scourge deport algal abominable incapacitate crisscross bluebush nod cyprian vacillate cognate phillips uri mantrap sourwood pus amarillo carbon potatoes jacm annual diplomatic jitterbugging chandelier circumspect candidate canister cognitive sesame axiomatic pusey airborne bowditch despair presume janus pavanne cannot superintendent tva poole arty raisin cold poughkeepsie cite marmalade leftmost bully sol frigga backwood crag wastrel leander avertive corbett metabolism sportswear delmarva crucible sousa tertiary lacrosse churchmen applicable conscription edit amadeus duplicate ilyushin slab plastic cornelia ejector spacious illogic gall backwater spica circuit apices plato theodore runty degeneracy bill demoniac accredit chaplain carl arctic coachwork broth parolee conn discernible velocity monticello basal spot facsimile cryptanalysis delivery colonnade instructor simpleton straddle opposition cancelled celestial decertify hepatica disneyland admitted bruce edwina homogeneity condescension dictum protein buzzy sunlit convoke duffel chinese byrne wynn globule honest breastplate therefor lundberg airpark rand scar roar erlenmeyer dereference mammal alley classification easternmost colonel oakland electrophoresis letterhead belladonna captaincy comprehensible bound atrium cannon swarthout arcadia bet concur wine bullet buttress teammate hubert tenderloin abuse rusty aba actinic parsimonious muzzle tome mile begging aliquot spumoni viennese toxic drab skittle md conant beman burgeon butterfly remedy spayed syntax chromatin cavern begin minicomputer al do tigris gull pelvis duplicity marriageable ignoramus caustic eventuate carlyle cape abusive circa piggyback prose late laugh doleful frances castanet aphelion astronomy megaton deceptive plank creekside slippery curl sinusoidal necessitate scat champion mccormick cyprus bestubble cupful mum sub fetus natalie ember bird bernoulli absentee penates electorate martinez soybean bucket console easel drury series caliper brett brute acculturate venetian conceal gent phrase janet decorum definition chastity exhume flute place bought cellar can account courtney dynast bosch additional accuracy brazier adventure trudge sana analogous bid blown balled swam cathodic oslo combat borate conley funeral avis approximate extirpate hid cranberry eulerian morbid excise chaff channel puritan dynamism sketchy genetic botulin internecine parlay critter allele carney arizona consequent martyr straggle albumin tyrant blather paramagnetic progenitor ritz infernal brig m ' s stripe petersburg brice bogey krypton elena megaton demean avogadro glom cork impressible anew grandma lynx address entranceway gogo circumvention physic oncoming hypoactive hob clemson embroil cochran leonid lumbermen chide therefor bewhisker beebe acropolis chastity coalition duck autocrat eyesight artwork jolly baptiste plea ox constitutive insensible sluice bradford activation twist blank good christensen brownie councilwomen phenolic dartmouth clockwork clap downhill serendipitous razor afghanistan dutch ferromagnetism catastrophic waterbury bellingham hallucinate bravado calcareous frankfurt perish diane hollandaise cockatoo scripps grammatic somewhat ravage cuckoo passion acclaim dewy sniff margery deceit eben cow sapling bravado dexter josephson workman eerie potassium absorption jacobean ghent methacrylate sniffly kaolin clandestine isotherm proletariat augustus inflict mutiny abc dada bella window atrium darkle carpenter artie wondrous sprawl carib optima amman maul peer dexterity probe epa mafia fry earthmen trapezium aside inhomogeneity kayo jr typo snoopy july ha bertie heck dilettante cankerworm sussex embarrass marginalia giantess cedric berth convey madam camber highland middleton sanderson illusory convivial desolater layout lax bath clench awhile december articulatory fresco squatting sperm bonito protocol egg pompano strop tub broadloom stablemen grist accredit gremlin atom bible scamp exempt ontology plywood evaporate angola penn clemson tanh cheesy glaucous brookhaven echo reinhold simultaneity calumniate abridgment leery schoolgirl bile countryman disneyland utica shackle chargeable seventeenth boca converse hurst rutland dairylea politician parsifal nebraska aarhus behold lacquer pellagra buchwald curtail sse imperturbable cloudy careen porphyry canberra idiomatic cancel supra deflector contend counterintuitive cancel blackburn quasar semaphore hydrochloric delicatessen dog qua crosswort pulitzer pyongyang acquisition broad lilly pacific depressible psychotherapeutic pay barberry amoebae act alvarez dutch gout beetle ashen kalmuk incaution follicular distaff pizza laredo sternal shawl jacobson stanhope request ha  
2	Subject: respuesta a la peticion de paola sesia . amigos y simpatizantes del . aparecio en la prensa local , la creacion de un nuevo patronato donde incluyen los nombres de miembros de nuestro comite , con esta nota estamos desmintiendo publicamente y con toda energia esta noticia . nuestra lucha ciudadana y la etica de nuestros compañeros no se presta a crear " un patronato para la conservacion del patrimonio cultural y natural de oaxaca " ( pacopaculna ) . no aceptamos esto . no aceptamosla creacion de un patronato patito . ya existe prooax . patronato prodefensa del patrimonio cultural y natural de oaxaca . imaginense ustedes que quisieramos emular , comparar siquiera al pintor willi olguin con francisco toledo , lo que estamos buscando es una verdadera fusion con prooax . aclaramos lo siguiente : pina hamilton alvarez , aunque es prima de de jesus martinez alvarez , no tiene nada que ver con el partido convergencia . pero acepta que ella y lizy conzatti con sus argumentos llevaron a isabel grañen porrua a crear este movimiento ciudadano , que defenderÀ eternamente los laureles del zocalo . juan ramon lopez quevedo , reconoce su adiccion a la cocaina , reconocesu disposicion a curarse y asegura que esto no tiene nada que ver con su vocacion ecologista . . . . . . . . reconocemos el valor del compañero . nadia de olguin , valientemente reconoce que durante años han expendido alcohol y han permitido la circulacion de algunas alcaloides en su centralcultural entendemos que beber , fumar , aspirar , cuando se trata de mayorcitos no esta prohibido . giselle perez moreno , reconoce ser amante de la mariguana , lo que muestra congruencia con su vocacion ecologista , fumar mariguana es muy antiguo , lo que expresa su interes por conservar el patrimonio cultural , es el mismo caso de claudia turren , alejandro d ' acosta , salvador yrizar y muchos otros que vieron nacer su boca - cion de proteccion a todo lo verde , con un churro en la mano . el maestro sergio hèrnanadez , reconoce que es muy oportuno para subirse a todos los temas que le den notoriedad , y que es amigo de dioro carrasco altamirano . quien le ha demostrado su afecto con exposicion y catalogoen hacienda y compras sin respaldo bancario . ( esto no es pecado ) les enviamos esta carta por si alguno de ustedes la quiere firmar , nuestro colectivo piensa que como grupo no podemos involucrarnos . adicionalmente , sugiero incluir en esta carta también a luis zarate , cuya integridad ha estado también atacada . germainesí estoy de acuerdo en apoyar a alejandro de ávila con mi firma . germaine gómez haroon 6 / 24 / 05 3 : 09 pm , " paola sesia " sesia @ juarez . ciesas . edu . mx wrote : estimad @ s , por este medio nos permitimos enviarles una carta que redactamos un grupo de amigos de alejandro de avila , sumamente preocupados por el ataque injustificado al que ha sido sometido en las últimas semanas en relación al proyecto de remodelación del zócalo capitalino de la ciudad de oaxaca . por favor , si están de acuerdo en firmar la carta , favor de responderme a este correo electrónico para que se incluya su nombre . al finalizar la recopilación de las firmas , la idea es enviar la carta a los periódicos locales noticias y el imparcial y a los periódicos nacionales la jornada y milenio , para su publicación . seguramente tendremos que hacer una colecta para pagar la inserción , pero para eso nos pondremos nuevamente en contacto con aquéllos y aquéllas que decidan firmar la carta . mil gracias por su atenciónpaola sesia . saludos . amigos y simpatizantes del . aparecio en la prensa local , la creacion de un nuevo patronato donde incluyen los nombres de miembros de nuestro comite , con esta nota estamos desmintiendo publicamente y con toda energia esta noticia . nuestra lucha ciudadana y la etica de nuestros compañeros no se presta a crear " un patronato para la conservacion del patrimonio cultural y natural de oaxaca " ( pacopaculna ) . no aceptamos esto . no aceptamosla creacion de un patronato patito . ya existe prooax . patronato prodefensa del patrimonio cultural y natural de oaxaca . imaginense ustedes que quisieramos emular , comparar siquiera al pintor willi olguin con francisco toledo , lo que estamos buscando es una verdadera fusion con prooax . aclaramos lo siguiente : pina hamilton alvarez , aunque es prima de de jesus martinez alvarez , no tiene nada que ver con el partido convergencia . pero acepta que ella y lizy conzatti con sus argumentos llevaron a isabel grañen porrua a crear este movimiento ciudadano , que defenderÀ eternamente los laureles del zocalo . juan ramon lopez quevedo , reconoce su adiccion a la cocaina , reconocesu disposicion a curarse y asegura que esto no tiene nada que ver con su vocacion ecologista . . . . . . . . reconocemos el valor del compañero . nadia de olguin , valientemente reconoce que durante años han expendido alcohol y han permitido la circulacion de algunas alcaloides en su centralcultural entendemos que beber , fumar , aspirar , cuando se trata de mayorcitos no esta prohibido . giselle perez moreno , reconoce ser amante de la mariguana , lo que muestra congruencia con su vocacion ecologista , fumar mariguana es muy antiguo , lo que expresa su interes por conservar el patrimonio cultural , es el mismo caso de claudia turren , alejandro d ' acosta , salvador yrizar y muchos otros que vieron nacer su boca - cion de proteccion a todo lo verde , con un churro en la mano . el maestro sergio hèrnanadez , reconoce que es muy oportuno para subirse a todos los temas que le den notoriedad , y que es amigo de dioro carrasco altamirano . quien le ha demostrado su afecto con exposicion y catalogoen hacienda y compras sin respaldo bancario . ( esto no es pecado ) les enviamos esta carta por si alguno de ustedes la quiere firmar , nuestro colectivo piensa que como grupo no podemos involucrarnos . adicionalmente , sugiero incluir en esta carta también a luis zarate , cuya integridad ha estado también atacada . germainesí estoy de acuerdo en apoyar a alejandro de ávila con mi firma . germaine gómez haroon 6 / 24 / 05 3 : 09 pm , " paola sesia " sesia @ juarez . ciesas . edu . mx wrote : estimad @ s , por este medio nos permitimos enviarles una carta que redactamos un grupo de amigos de alejandro de avila , sumamente preocupados por el ataque injustificado al que ha sido sometido en las últimas semanas en relación al proyecto de remodelación del zócalo capitalino de la ciudad de oaxaca . por favor , si están de acuerdo en firmar la carta , favor de responderme a este correo electrónico para que se incluya su nombre . al finalizar la recopilación de las firmas , la idea es enviar la carta a los periódicos locales noticias y el imparcial y a los periódicos nacionales la jornada y milenio , para su publicación . seguramente tendremos que hacer una colecta para pagar la inserción , pero para eso nos pondremos nuevamente en contacto con aquéllos y aquéllas que decidan firmar la carta . mil gracias por su atenciónpaola sesia . saludos .  . platica con tus amigos en línea con tlmsn messenger : haz clic aquí 
2	Subject: penny flyer showcasing increased contracts and cash flow yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 1 o 5 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been really moving lately . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wi | | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are idea | | y suited , not oniy in north america , but in deveioping nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new my nomad product offering wil | offer video conferencing capabilities , ca | | forwarding , call waiting , voice mai | , and a giobal virtua | number . also included in the new offering is a residentia | standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any cell phone or regular phone with remote dial - out ( celiular bridging capability ) . a sleek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , ca | | er id and web interface ; a residential or business stand aione voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewall , enhanced cail forwarding , call biock and remote dial - out ( celiu | ar bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wil | be added to the product | ine . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utiiize either a dial - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordless phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes oniy 5 % - 3 o % of a 20 o mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 400 mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most complete and technologica | | y advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiabie in the world . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a globa | scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exciusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace , 2 ) large multinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a more economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantiy lowering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and sales offices in los angeles , san francisco and newport beach california . conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: hey ! tell your friends to hit me up hi i ` ve found cool site , it is a lot of programs and all of them cost very cheaply ! it ' s a url http : / / www . softforfast . info / and you can download them right after purhases ! you will no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery . - - - - - - - - - - - - - broody absurd barney dais 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage ! best reqards , wiilian  
2	Subject: wellhead shoreline has sent a revision to trim down the 6722 meter from 570 to 428 . daren i can ' t tell you what it flowed last month due to more than one person is at that meter . we only have 30 nominated there now . let me know what you think . thanks . 
2	Subject: re : deal extension for 11 / 21 / 2000 for 98 - 439 hi daren , i know that this is a busy part of the day for you . but , when you get a minute , can you please extend deal # 465322 for cover a flow volume of 140 dec . for 11 / 21 / 2000 ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 12 / 21 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jackie young 12 / 19 / 2000 09 : 30 am to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : deal extension for 11 / 21 / 2000 for 98 - 439 typo . . . . . . . . . . . . deal # 462490 enron north america corp . from : victor lamadrid 12 / 19 / 2000 09 : 24 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : deal extension for 11 / 21 / 2000 for 98 - 439 jackie , 465490 is not a deal between ena and hpl . . it is a zone 5 tennessee sale between ena and a third party . . . thanks jackie young 12 / 19 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect subject : deal extension for 11 / 21 / 2000 for 98 - 439 victor , can you extend deal # 465490 to cover a flow volume of 141 dec . for 11 / 21 / 2000 ? daren , can you extend deal # 465322 for cover a flow volume of 140 dec . for 11 / 21 / 2000 ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: electronic pay stubs get ready . beginning in november , electronic pay stubs will be available to all employees who have their paychecks direct deposited into their bank account . electronic pay stubs are an easy , fast , and efficient way for you to get your payroll information . they will also help enron to realize a considerable savings in time and dollars spent over traditional printed pay stubs . if you prefer to receive a hardcopy of your pay stub , click on the link below to complete a request form . this form must be submitted to payroll by october 15 , 2001 . unless you submit a form your pay stub information will default to electronic viewing . please click on the link below . name : louise kitchen personnel number : po 0566127 phone : + 1 713 853 3488 if you have questions about electronic pay stubs , please contact janice priddy ( payroll ) 713 - 853 - 7839 or marie newhouse ( clickathome ) at 713 - 345 - 4185 or send an email to enron . payroll @ enron . com ( enron payroll in outlook ) . stay tuned for more details in the coming weeks .  
2	Subject: holiday invitation please click on the attached link to launch your holiday party invitation . http : / / invitation . enron . com please direct any questions to dorie hitchcock via email . 
2	Subject: the blonde and the sheep . once upon a time , a blonde became so sick of hearing blonde jokes that she had her hair cut and dyed brown . a few days later , as she was out driving around the countryside , she stopped her car to let a flock of sheep pass . admiring the cute wooly creatures , she said to the shepherd , " if i can guess how many sheep you have , can i take one ? " the shepherd , always the gentleman , said , " sure ! " the blonde thought for a moment and , for no discernible reason , said , " 352 . " this being the correct number , the shepherd was , understandably , totally amazed , and exclaimed , " you ' re right ! o . k . , i ' ll keep to my end of the deal . take your pick of my flock . " the blonde carefully considered the entire flock and finally picked the one that was by far cuter and more playful than any of the others . when she was done , the shepherd turned to her and said , " o . k . , now i have a proposition for you . if i can guess your true hair color , can i have my dog back ? " - - - good day . first of all , sorry for inconvenience . i have decided to put one of the best jokes to each of my advertising messages . i promise you to choose one of the best jokes each day , hope it would decrease your irritation of my messages . and , of course , : - ) i need to offer you some goods . i always take only the best offers for my audience , usually i test it by myself . 100 % quality , low prices , fast delivery . i hope , this joke about the blonde was new and funny for you . today i want to offer you absolutely new penis enlargement patch . http : / / www . nefaro . info / ss / click on this link to keep up my beginning of making spam not so boring thing . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: ect - im waha ? ? ? should these not be converted to ena - im texas ? ? ? some time ago - we were told this desk was dead and the existing deals would end . this desk is not included in any texas desk portfolios . the ect desks are supposed to be inactive - however - these deals keep rolling - and someone created some new ones ? if the desk is active - should we change it to ena - im waha - as ect is no more ? ? ? 
2	Subject: yasheng group ( yhgg ) announces lst quarter results of $ 145 million in revenue yasheng group ( yhgg ) expands hops production facilities tuesday july 12 , 2005 6 am et redwood city , ca ( market wire ) - july 14 , 2005 the yasheng group ( yhgg : otc ) is expanding its hops production facilities to support export sales and growing interest from international breweries . the group has adopted a state of the art extraction production by the critical co 2 extraction method which results in a new high end product line creating new market opportunities . with the largest hops production and processing base in china , yasheng ' s hops achieved an international top grade as determined by experts of the industry . the new extraction technology is expected to strengthen yasheng ' s leadership position . the production expansion also includes the completion of an additional 12 , 300 acres hops growing base . the iso 9002 certified facility has imported the new extraction equipment from germany , switzerland and england . this production upgrade is also utilized in yasheng ' s pharmaceutical division in the production of pharmaceuticals and as a food additive as it offers rich tropolone content . the yasheng group remains the top supplier of quality hops to the chinese beer industry , the largest growing segment in the world . with long term supply contracts to the largest domestic breweries , the group has also received growing interest from foreign breweries . the yasheng group will host the 50 th international hop grower ' s congress in lanzhou china on july 25 - 31 , 2005 . about yasheng group : the yasheng group ( otc : yhgg ) is a diversified industrial conglomerate incorporated in redwood city , california , operates in hi - tech agriculture , salt chemistry and biological technology as its core business with advantages in rich land , mineral resources , capital and technology reserves . through its 136 subsidiaries , the company operating categories include : chemical engineering , agricultural production , biotech , pharmaceuticals , textile products , printing and dyeing , commercial trading , beverages and inorganic salt manufacturing . yasheng group produces over 51 major products in the northwest of china , seven of which have received the national green award for the environment and health . the company is recognized nationally for meeting all industry quality and environmental standards . products are sold nationally and exported regularly to the u . s . , canada , australia , pakistan , iran , and many major countries in europe and asia . major exports include sodium sulfate , sodium sulfide , vinyl fibers , barley , hops , fine spirits , licorice root , black melon seed , livestock , and many more agricultural , biotechnology , and industrial products . with total assets of approximately $ 1 . 5 billion usd and over 15 , 000 employees , yasheng group has 15 5 , 097 , 355 shares issued and outstanding as of december 1 , 200 4 . forward - looking statements : certain statements contained in this press release are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . the statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . forward - looking statements deal with the company ' s current plans , intentions , beliefs and expectations and statements of future economic performance . statements containing terms like believes , does not believe , plans , expects , intends , estimates , anticipates and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to imply uncertainty and are forward - looking statements . source : yasheng group contact : yasheng group raymond lau , 650 - 363 - 8345 raymond @ yashenggroup . com www . yashenggroup . com safe harbor statement this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . elite equity marketing is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . elite equity marketing assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in yhgg ' s financial or operating condition . as elite equity marketing has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . elite equity marketing accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . yhgg will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . elite equity marketing and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . elite equity marketing 321 york rd . 2 nd floor towson , md 21204 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: invoice processing as you are aware , the sap financial systems will be implemented for the enron gas pipeline group , enron north america and enron energy services companies on july 1 , 2000 . to effectively transfer the invoice processing from the legacy msa system to the sap system , the following dates should be followed : june 23 : invoice processing on the msa system will stop except for emergency payments , wire transfers and achs . june 26 : invoice processing on the sap system will begin for the gpg , ena and ees companies . accounts payables will input invoices into the sap system starting on this date , but checks will not be printed until the first payment run is processed on july 5 . june 28 : last day to input employee expense reports with ach in the msa system . june 29 : last day to input emergency payments and wire transfers in the msa system . june 30 : accounts payable to clean up outstanding open balances in the msa system . july 5 : all invoices will be entered into sap and the first payment run is processed . please remember , all invoices sent to accounts payable on or after june 23 must have sap general ledger coding applied to the invoice . if you have any questions , please contact larry dallman , 713 . 853 . 7222 , ben gwaltney , 713 . 853 . 1550 , andy zabriskie , 713 . 853 . 6892 or linda martin , 713 . 853 . 7038 . 
2	Subject: departure the research group is a unique and extraordinarily valuable organization for enron . the success of the group has led to widespread recognition of enron ' s leadership in quantitative finance as it relates to the energy markets . therefore , it is with great mixed emotions that i announce my resignation as i move on to the next phase of my career . i have enjoyed getting to work with each of you and wish you continued success for the future . highest regards , kevin kindall ps : comments , question , and anecdotes will be addressed in thursday ' s meeting . shirley will have my contact info . 
2	Subject: cum eaters chat with our horny babes online ! http : / / ndj . socgerbunes . com / abb / kl . html but they need to remember how driving ) day ? key . get off : http : / / yqb . irreslouis . com / abb / _ bvgq . php unlike so many line who have made their because , there to us . sometimes working telling , but joystick ! always teacher miniskirts ! 
2	Subject: your choice : $ 250 itunes gift cert . or free ipod !  
2	Subject: caslno , play everywhere - cellphones , webtv , aol . . . . . try your luck with our new brand caslno . + 30 % for every diposit . one hour payout , never fast before . try play for free . let us , then , be up and doing , with a heart for any fate still achieving , still pursuing , learn to labor and to wait . http : / / yayoo . co . kr . wehiuhef . com / a man ' s life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth . [ luke 12 : 15 ] they are able because they think they are able . to get out please read on page above the most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool , and he must be no simpleton that plays that part . the world cares very little about what a man or woman knows it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts . 
2	Subject: roletes e roldanas para empilhadeiras santos , julho de 2 . 005 listagem dos produtos savi linha hyster : 193557 rolete r $ 90 , 00 193557 c capa r $ 55 , 00 110520 rolete r $ 125 , 00 110520 c capa r $ 95 , 00 185530 / / 329090 rolete r $ 62 , 00 185531 / / 329091 rolete r $ 68 , 00 125223 rolete r $ 175 , 00 125217 rolete lat . r $ 115 , 00 125219 eixo r $ 35 , 00 125220 suporte r $ 225 , 00 1333395 rolete r $ 80 , 00 1333398 rolete r $ 65 , 00 1345218 rolete r $ 90 , 00 270063 eixo r $ 95 , 00 126041 ?ncora r $ 170 , 00 257853 eixo curto r $ 85 , 00 87905 rolete r $ 75 , 00 61463 roldana r $ 155 , 00 810348 engrenagem r $ 535 , 00 810810 engrenagem r $ 1 . 850 , 00 roldana hyster xl 80 r $ 145 , 00 linha clark : 342957 rolete r $ 70 , 00 2326653 rolete r $ 85 , 00 1722452 rolete r $ 165 , 00 1692062 rolete lat . r $ 190 , 00 666354 rolete lat . r $ 55 , 00 1654614 rolete r $ 90 , 00 1692093 roldana r $ 90 , 00 329488 roldana r $ 190 , 00 840929 sapata freio r $ 245 , 00 linha yale : 5088018 rolete r $ 65 , 00 7114306 rolete r $ 110 , 00 7114068 rolete r $ 110 , 00 5200368 - 37 rolete r $ 90 , 00 5200368 - 52 rolete r $ 65 , 00 743692 rolete lat r $ 50 , 00 907595300 rolete r $ 110 , 00 yale antigo 100 x 40 x 35 r $ 70 , 00 650697 - 00 rolete lat . r $ 45 , 00 650698 - 00 rolete lat . r $ 45 , 00 650699 - 00 rolete lat . r $ 45 , 00 5086233 - 00 roldana r $ 155 , 00 5104934 - 00 suporte r $ 550 , 00 roletes mitsubishi : d . ext . x d . eixo x altura 124 , 5 x 45 x 34 rolete r $ 115 , 00 115 x 45 x 35 rolete r $ 110 , 00 ( 9421000700 ) 115 , 5 x 45 x 34 rolete r $ 110 , 00 114 x 45 x 34 rolete r $ 110 , 00 ( 9421000601 ) 115 , 5 x 60 x 27 , 5 rolete r $ 110 , 00 107 , 5 x 35 x 28 rolete r $ 95 , 00 roldanas : 121 / 110 x 45 x 36 roldana r $ 120 , 00 ( 9421020500 ) 91 / 86 x 35 x 30 roldana r $ 95 , 00 118 / 103 x 35 x 30 roldana r $ 115 , 00 outros : 830065 - 181 rolete r $ 96 , 00 ( toyota ) 838089 blb rolete r $ 110 , 00 939089 b rolete r $ 105 , 00 rolete nissan 115 x 45 x 32 r $ 100 , 00 rolete nissan 115 , 5 x 45 x 32 r $ 100 , 00 rolete nissan 123 , 5 x 45 x 32 r $ 110 , 00 910946 rolete r $ 90 , 00 13317089 rolete r $ 90 , 00 0009249480 rolete r $ 145 , 00 ( linde ) 0009249481 rolete r $ 145 , 00 ( linde ) 9511003117 rolete r $ 175 , 00 ( linde ) 0009249504 rolete r $ ( linde ) 0009249505 rolete r $ ( linde ) 0009249506 rolete r $ ( linde ) empilhadeira milan 37 ton . ( pre?os sob consulta ) rolete torre milan 37 ton . rolete lat . torre milan 37 ton . polia da corrente torre milan 37 ton . polia das mang . hidr?ulico torre rolete lat . milan 37 ton . semi - eixo milan 37 ton . confeccionamos todos os cil?ndros hidr?ulicos e mais ; fabricamos sob desenho ou amostra itens tais como : roletes , roldanas , eixos , buchas , engrenagens , acoplamentos , flanges , polias , suportes e etc . . estamos desde j? no aguardo de vosso contato tel . : oxxl 3 32357817 telfax . : oxxl 3 32342055 hailson . savi @ terra . com . br obs : voc? est? recebendo este e - mail porque est? cadastrado para tal . caso voc? n?o deseje mais receber nenhum tipo de contato nosso , clique aqui , ou envie um e - mail para seuemail @ dominio . com com o assunto remover . 
2	Subject: option p & l gentleman : the erms system , as you know , has an excellent capability for decomposing option p & l into the following components : new deals curve shift gamma vega theta rho drift 2 nd order adjustments what i dont understand is the gamma component which is reported in dollars . the unit of measure suggests that incremental changes in a contract position is being associated with specific prices . these prices are the effective buy or sell prices associated with the dynamic delta position . stated differently , the standard taylor expansion has incorporated a price variable in such a way as to convert the unit of measure from gamma ' s standard contract count to total gamma dolalrs . this is something i dont understand . to date , inquiries to the risk management accounting group has further revealed that the gamma component of p & l is not well understood . this is what concerns me : bridgeline has 2 books with option exposures ( nymex and gas daily ) . both books dynamically hedged its positions during yesterdays large price move and , through anticipitory hedging in advance or during the large price move , secured sufficient coverage to neutralize expected changes in delta . however , our p & l from our underlying position did not offset our gamma p & l . consequently , i have to ask why ? im hoping that a brief look at the why gamma dollars are calculated may reveal something which will better guide our hedging decisions . any help is appreciated 
2	Subject: premium offshore prescriptions shipped directly to your residence find offshore rx sent express directly to your door sexual performance : . cialis : . viagra muscle relaxants : . soma : . valium : . zanaflex pain relief : . celebrex : . ultram weight loss : . meridia : . phentermine anti depressants : . effexor xr : . paxil : . prozac : . xanax : . zoloft sleep aid : . ambien blood pressure : . adalat : . flomax : . monopril : . plavix headaches : . imitrex : . tenormin stomach : . nexium : . prilosec : . zantac cholesterol : . lipitor : . zocor allergies : . allegra d : . claritin : . zyrtec herpes : . valtrex : . zovirax anxiety : . buspar quit smoking : . zyban hair loss : . propecia antibiotic : . cipro diabetes : . glucophage xr loop diuretic : . lasix save over 80 % , no prior prescription required . worldwide shipping .  
2	Subject: accomplishments sally , accomplishments as requested . sheila 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: esecure online pharmacies prescription medicine through an easy , secure and confidential environment . nothing deters a good man from doing what is honourable . nature made him , and then broke the mold . nature herself has never attempted to effect great changes rapidly . 
2	Subject: adjourn pasteup paliourg , looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . . 
2	Subject: better sex for $ 2 . 99 until 08 / 26 / 2002 ! ! ! ! note : this is not spam ! ! this is not unsolicited email ! ! you are receiving this message because you opted - in to receive certain special offers from one of our partnering sites . have you changed your mind ? do you want to stop receiving these special offers ? if so , go down to the bottom and click on the " unsubscribe " link to be removed from this opt - in only list . dear subscriber , please take a moment to remove yourself from this list if you feel you are receiving these messages in error , by going down to the bottom and clicking on the  unsubscribe  link below . special offer $ 2 . 99 until 08 / 26 / 2202 5 : 00 pm 1 . sexual fitness and penis enlargement system video of the week : ( choking a chinese chicken ? ) caught on tape ! some asian guy in a chinese dressing room . what the hell is this guy doing in there ? is he actually chocking his chicken on tape ? you ' ll see about him and more when you check out this special offer ! offer # 08 - 515352 - 2002 ( 4 ) page ( 1 of 1 ) special offer $ 2 . 99 until 08 / 26 / 2202 5 : 00 pm subject : male enlargement / strengthening and total sexual fitness ! for only . . . . . . . . . . . . ( $ 2 . 99 ) ! just wanted to remind you about the special we have this month . our total program has the following information : · how to increase permanent length ! · how to increase permanent width ! · how to stop pre - mature ejaculation ! · how to stop erectile dysfunction ! · how to increase penis strength ! · how to make your penis thick and meaty ! · how to enlarge the penis head ( glans ) ! · how to increase staying power ! · how to increase ejaculation distance and volume ! · plus much more ! ! ! ! plus our new quick start program : * quick start - extreme sexual fitness program ! now you can jump start your penis enlargement and sexual fitness by using our quick start program ! the quick start program is a no frills bare - bones sexual fitness and penis enlargement cram course set up to have you gaining size and performing better in a really short amount of time . once you finish the quick start program you can explore the whole penis enlargement course . using the quick start program is totally your option . * video library - search our video library of instructional and original amateur entertainment videos inside ! * the most information about penis enlargement and sexual fitness ! with over ( 40 ) different techniques each explained step - by - step , this system is the best value for your money pound for pound ! * the lowest price on the net ! . . . . . ( $ 2 . 99 ) for everything ! ! this offer is for a limited time only ! order today ! special offer $ 2 . 99 until 08 / 26 / 2202 5 : 00 pm for other info : faq ' s testimonials ordering info business opps video of the week info advertising info plus all other ! go to : www . bigthangz . com 2 . boost your sales ! your ad will be here if you want it seen by millions every month ! plus be in widely circulated magazines and newspapers nationwide ! plus join our permission based email advertising ring ! blow your sales through the roof ! ask us how at : sales @ bigthangz . com numbers 3 - 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . coming soon ! have you changed your mind ? do you want to stop receiving these special offers ? if so , go down to the bottom and click on the " unsubscribe " link to be removed from this opt - in only list . - - - to remove yourself from further mailings , click the link below :  
2	Subject: new extensions now only $ 14 . 95 public announcement : the new domain names are finally available to the general public at discount prices . now you can register one of the exciting new . biz or . info domain names , as well as the original . com and . net names for just $ 14 . 95 . these brand new domain extensions were recently approved by icann and have the same rights as the original . com and . net domain names . the biggest benefit is of - course that the . biz and . info domain names are currently more available . i . e . it will be much easier to register an attractive and easy - to - remember domain name for the same price . visit : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com today for more info . register your domain name today for just $ 14 . 95 at : http : / / www . affordable - domains . com . registration fees include full access to an easy - to - use control panel to manage your domain name in the future . sincerely , domain administrator affordable domains to remove your email address from further promotional mailings from this company , click here : 07  
2	Subject: what ' s your dream lifestyle earlene ? did you know that you can actually make money on google ? anyone can do it and it is easy ! just one simple google adwords campaign , which takes less than 30 minutes a week , earns me thousands per month . and in googlecash i show you exactly how i did it , and how you can too . what ' s your dream lifestyle ? kimono corporal rainfall assonant biota chinook canvas resiny caw bidiagonal catherine hilarious censorious hypnotic envoy enzyme blew bombproof assam coset revive dash sluice subsuming quorum checkout confident chit swarthy calgary galbreath profile nikko yield downriver bleed semantic vaughn cocklebur diabetic catnip diet destine translucent trophy vain excusable cleanse sabbath parapsychology oxidate brendan cunard greece puritan meredith milch cult scribe bleak balletic irredentist administratrix garvey minutiae beatitude purpose butterfield omnibus meteoritic giacomo kinky boson amygdaloid blackwell niger drove machismo exhumation bamboo tort quasistationary builtin tribulate boniface infiltrate disturbance touchstone saga neophyte classy sludge szilard thunder smattering alteration toby lysine cupboard bounce chaplain paycheck archetypical decommission april airpark balcony strop scatterbrain couldn ' t nostril hepburn abernathy byrne accustom foray peppergrass depreciable taunt but riverside fallacious autobiography pretty patio contradictory thence mercer mont ascetic cooperate dna prerequisite stenotype chalmers convene dahl shafer orthophosphate brotherhood  
2	Subject: a " bit " of history on the fourth of july hello everyone : vince asked me to send this to you . it definately is eye opening and heart wrenching . we sometimes forget the price that was paid for our wonderful country . have a wonderful 4 th of july ! shirley 
2	Subject: look ! y o u are a w i n n e r here ! - don ' t miss out ! ! 6674 f i n a l n o t i c e ! new program pays you immediately ! get started today with usa ' s fastest growing business opportunity not mlm ! here you get paid large checks the same day ! use the internet to make money 24 hours a day ! i made unbelievable $ 21 , 000 in june ! . . and will prove it , if you wish ! everybody can do this ! - a u t o p i l o t system ! - our system generates all leads for you ! minimum cash outlay gets you started today ! program available in us and canada only ! are you ready to change your life ? to receive free info about this last offer , please send an email to : rickbellrist @ excite . com with " send info " in the subject line ! ! ( do not click reply ! ) to remove , please send an email with " remove " in the subject line to : rickbellrist @ excite . com - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: save $ $ $ hello - - free pre ( script ) ion with every order - - lowest prices - - the best customer service - - fastest delivery - - no hidden fees - - order online confidentially - - no prior doctor ' s visit needed ! ! see the lowest prices anywhere - - http : / / mhqf . 095 jmd . com ( if you can ' t click the above link , please copy this link and paste it in your browser ) until next time , darrel wilson  
2	Subject: organizational changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by yvette g connevey / corp / enron on 04 / 25 / 2000 02 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brent a price @ ect 04 / 25 / 2000 02 : 05 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect cc : patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , lisa shoemake / hou / ect @ ect , kelly templeton / corp / enron @ enron , lynn tippery / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , maria sandoval / hou / ect @ ect , inga latson / corp / enron @ enron , irena d hogan / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly perkins / hou / ect @ ect , marvia jefferson / hou / ect @ ect , cecilia olvera / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer jordan / corp / enron @ enron subject : organizational changes please forward this e - mail to your teams regarding recent organizational changes within gas operations . 
2	Subject: stacey - cqg daren , i completely forgot about stacey ' s cqg . . . was i supposed to send in another request for her and put it on tom ' s cost center ? or were we going to wait for tom to okay it first ? ? 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 12 , 2000 teco tap 103 . 125 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: volumetric optionality model changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 06 / 15 / 2000 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - natasha danilochkina 06 / 15 / 2000 05 : 26 am to : david gallagher / lon / ect @ ect , peter crilly / lon / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , haakon olafsson / lon / ect @ ect , tony fricker / lon / ect @ ect , andrew fairley / lon / ect @ ect , matthew nicholas / lon / ect @ ect , david redmond / lon / ect @ ect , steven mccarthy / lon / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , matthew nimmo / lon / ect @ ect , matthew ferguson / lon / ect @ ect cc : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : volumetric optionality model changes as a result of meetings with zimin lu ( houston research ) and anjam ahmad in early june , the gas desk together with research will be revising the models for pricing options on volume ( swing ) and similar products . the idea is to have a consistent method that can be applied to all contracts . this will affect : flat price gas swing options indexed gas swing options j - block contract modified thermbank contract enbank ( virtual storage ) the new feature that will be introduced into all models is ability for real - time mtm ( and prospectively - sensitivities calculations ) . the work will be carried out as follows : natasha danilochkina : problem definition , contracts / products summary , functional specification anjam ahmad : zimin ' s model modifications / implementation and houston / london interaction start date : june 16 th , 2000 end date : tbc 
2	Subject: schulden - nachrichten - neues für menschen mit schulden schulden - nachrichten der newsletter für menschen mit schulden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . und die , die sie los werden wollen - ausgabe iii / 1 . jahrgang sonntag , 10 . april 2005 - liebe leserin , lieber leser , - die lesergemeinde unserer kleinen onlinezeitung wächst . zahlreiche empfehlungen haben unseren empfängerstamm schon auf 223 anwachsen lassen . schulden sind nun mal ein thema , was viele interessiert . wenn sie weitere interessenten für diese nachrichten kennen , leiten sie diese mail weiter . diese mail ist keine werbung . dauerhaft erhalten sie diese nachrichten nur , wenn sie sich in unsere empfängerliste eintragen . dazu müssen sie uns eine email an @ gmx . net mit dem betreff eintragen senden , in den email - text zusätzlich ihren namen . vielleicht wurde ihnen diese mail auch von jemandem weitergeleitet , der sie kennt . erhalten sie unseren newsletter unaufgefordert , haben sie für ihre email - adresse an anderer stelle zugestimmt , werbung erhalten zu wollen . ist dies nicht der fall , bitten wir um meldung , da wir dies bei unseren adressquellen anzeigen werden . sie unterstützen damit unsere aktion für faire handhabung von email - adressen und daten . Übrigens : die schuldennachrichten sind ein . jeder mensch darf hier seine nachrichten und erfahrungen über das thema schulden kundtun . hinweise am ende der mail . frei nach dem grundgesetz der bundesrepublik deutschland , artikel 5 : meinungs - , informations , pressefreiheit , kunst und wissenschaft . absatz 1 besagt : jeder hat das recht , seine meinung in wort , schrift und bild frei zu äußern und zu verbreiten und sich aus allgemein zugänglichen quellen ungehindert zu unterrichten . die pressefreiheit und die freiheit der berichterstattung durch rundfunk und film werden gewährleistet . eine zensur findet nicht statt . inhalt diesmal in den schuldennachrichten i . die ersten privatinsolvenzen sind abgeschlossen ii . insolvenz im ausland iii . wenn der gerichtsvollzieher klingelt iv . geerbte schulden ausschlagen v . muss man an inkassobüros zahlen ? vi . impressum , hinweise für werbung in diesem newsletter die ersten sind wieder frei privatinsolvenzen : die ersten antragsteller sind von ihrer restschuld befreit berlin . die ersten nutzer der privatinsolvenz sind von ihrer restschuld befreit . eine frist von sechs jahres setzt das 1999 in kraft getretene insolvenzgesetz schuldnern , in der sie ihre außenstände erlassen bekommen . auch wenn der weg nicht einfach ist - viele wurden von der aussicht gelockt , endlich schuldenfrei zu werden . dabei sind die schuldner an feste abläufe gebunden , die eine menge disziplin erfordern . nach dem gesetz stellen schuldner ihren gläubigern den pfändbaren betrag ihres einkommens zur verfügung - sechs jahre lang . um einschränkungen und einen grundlegenden lebenswandel kommen sie dabei nicht herum . auch viele pflichten - im insolvenzrecht obliegenheiten genannt - müssen sie nachkommen , damit am ende auch die steht . wer arbeitslos ist , muss beispielsweise nachweisen , dass sie sich aktiv um eine neue stelle bemühen . alle finanziellen angelegenheiten wickelt bei der privatinsolvenz ein treuhänder ab . dem schuldner ist es daher nicht erlaubt , an einzelne gläubiger selbst beträge zu bezahlen - es droht ihm sonst die ablehnung der restschuldbefreiung . die zahl der anträge auf hat sich in den vergangenen jahren stark gesteigert . beispielsweise in nordrhein - westfalen gingen 2000 noch 2 . 440 anträge ein . im vorjahr waren es schon 18 . 072 . das liegt unter anderem daran , dass mehr menschen von der möglichkeit der privatinsolvenz erfahren haben . die gerichte haben nun stets mehr zu tun , denn weitere privatinsolvenzen müssen bundesweit abgeschlossen werden . die befreiungen werden an den gerichten von rechtspflegern ausgesprochen . nur wenn gläubiger beantragen , einem schuldner die zu versagen - wenn er beispielsweise eine straftat begeht , fällt ein richter eine entscheidung . normalerweise klappt das verfahren aber . ( snl ) tipp : wichtige urteile und artikel zum gibt es unter folgendem link : hier klicken ( zusammengestellt von einer  ) insolvenzen im ausland  hat informationen zusammengestellt berlin . eine internetseite zum thema internationale insolvenzverfahren hat guido stephan ins netz gestellt . wer mehr über ausländische gesetze , formulare und literaturtipps wissen will , sollte sich mal auf seine homepage klicken . grenzüberschreitende insolvenzverfahren gewinnen zunehmend an bedeutung , schreibt er auf seiner seite . für die bundesrepublik deutschland sei es als exportnation wichtig , wie deutsche unternehmen ihre rechte in der insolvenz des ausländischen geschäftspartners geltend machen können . auch bei einem im inland eröffneten insolvenzverfahren sei es von interesse , wie ausländisches vermögen des gemeinschuldners für ein inländisches verfahren verwertet werden kann . ( snl ) erreicht wird sein angebot unter der adresse http : / / www . inso - international . de wenn der gerichtsvollzieher klingelt alles über die leute mit den großen koffern homburg . wehr mehr über die arbeit von wissen will , findet informationen im internet . eine interessante seite hat der homburger gerichtsvollzieher roger zimmermann online gestellt . er schreibt über die arbeitsweisen , handwerkszeuge und sogar über ausbildungsstätten seiner kollegen . ( snl ) die homepage findet man unter http : / / www . der - gerichtsvollzieher . de geerbte schulden ausschlagen man muss sich nichts aufzwängen lassen berlin . stirbt ein familienmitglied , hat man es oft nicht nur mit trauer zu tun . war die person zum zeitpunkt des todes verschuldet , gehen die verpflichtungen auf die erben über . schulden und können einen schnell ruinieren . es gibt aber wege , das ungewollte erbe auszuschlagen . jedoch ist tempo gefordert : sechs wochen nach dem tod des angehörigen muss beim nachlassgericht oder einem notar eine erklärung abgeben werden , dass man die erbschaft ausschlägt . auch wenn sich erst nach sechs wochen herausstellt , dass der verstorbene nur schulden hinterlassen hat , hat man noch die möglichkeit das erbe anzufechten . wieder muss man innerhalb von sechs wochen handeln . grund für die anfechtung ist dann , dass sie sich über eine wesentliche eigenschaft des erbes geirrt haben - in diesem fall der schuldenberg . die frist bricht an , wenn man von der Überschuldung erfährt . sind beide fristen verstrichen , muss man einen antrag auf nachlassverwaltung / nachlassinsolvenz stellen . das kann man tun , wenn das erbe die schulden nicht abdeckt . den antrag kann man beim nachlassgericht stellen , bei dem der verstorbene zuletzt seinen wohnsitz angegeben hatte . wenn noch genug geld da ist , zahlt das gericht die ansprüche der gläubiger aus dem betrag . reicht das geld nicht einmal zur deckung der kosten des , wird das verfahren wegen fehlender masse eingestellt . auch dann muss man selbst nichts bezahlen : wird man dennoch von einem nachlassgläubiger genervt , kann man sich an einen anwalt oder die verbraucher - zentrale wenden . ( snl ) muss man an inkassobüros zahlen ? aufmerksame kontrolle der forderung ist wichtig berlin . viele gläubiger wollen mit hilfe von inkassobüros an ihre geld kommen . das ist besonders schwer für die schuldner , denn bekanntermaßen üben diese unternehmen oft dubiosen psychischen druck auf die menschen aus . man sollte sich davon nicht beeinflussen lassen und sein schon knappes konto noch weiter belasten . oft reichen die raten an inkassobüros nicht einmal für die deckung laufender kosten wie zinsen . so wird die forderung nicht weniger , sondern kann weiter ansteigen . auch erkennen sie mit einer zahlung die forderung juristisch an und man verzichtet auf eine mögliche verjährung . Überprüfen sie immer die forderungen , die das inkassounternehmen einziehen will . machen sie etwaige einwände sofort vor der zahlung geltend , sonst erkennen sie die forderung an . inkassobüros dürfen mit entsprechender genehmigung außergerichtlich fremde forderungen einziehen . man sollte sich daher stets die oder eine vollmacht , die der ursprüngliche gläubiger ausgestellt hat , zeigen lassen . kann das büro dem nicht nachkommen , leisten sie nur an ihren gläubiger und nicht an das inkassobüro . nicht zahlen muss man , wenn man den gläubiger rechtzeitig vor beauftragung des über die informiert hat . der darf dann wegen seiner die kosten durch einschaltung eines nicht unnötig erhöhen . einige beispiele aus der rechtsprechung : haben sie mit dem inkassobüro eine ratenzahlung vereinbart , darf hierfür keine  vergleichsgebühr " abgerechnet werden . ( lg berlin juristisches büro 1988 / 545 ) pro mahngebühr darf ein inkassounternehmen nur die ungefähren portokosten berechnen . dies gilt allerdings nur , wenn es sich z . b . um forderungen aus warenlieferungen handelt . ( olg hammrr njw 1992 / 444 und olg stuttgart rr njw 1988 / 1082 ) bei forderungen aus krediten dürfen neben verzugszinsen keine mahngebühren geltend gemacht werden . ( bgh njw 1988 / 1971 ) die betreiber der schuldennachrichten distanzieren sich generell von den angeboten der werbepartner und den inhalten der darin enthaltenen links . anzeige hoffnungslos überschuldet ? probleme mit unfairen gläubigern ? keinen ausweg ? vielleicht sollten sie mal unsere informationsseite besuchen . . . - » » » die schuldenfibel « « « - inklusive dem konzept in sechs wochen schuldenfrei für weitere informationen klicken sie hier . . . impressum herausgeber der schulden - nachrichten ist die pm medienproduktion , erreichbar unter @ gmx . net bitte verzeihen sie , dass wir hier keine telefonnummer veröffentlichen . sollten sie einen anruf wünschen , geben sie in der email ihre telefonnummer sowie den grund des gesprächswunsches an . das angebot ist eine reine verbreitung von nachrichten zum thema schulden . es wird nichts verkauft , das angebot ist nicht kostenpflichtig . beiträge von gastautoren sind willkommen und können einfach an die oben angegebene email - adresse gesendet werden . die rechte auf veröffentlichung und kürzung behält sich der herausgeber jedoch vor . auch anfragen für werbeschaltungen , mit denen dieses projekt finanziert werden soll , richten sie bitte an diese adresse . wenn sie den newsletter nicht erhalten möchten , tragen sie sich bitte mit dem betreff austragen unter der gleichen adresse aus . vielen dank .  
2	Subject: attention ! ! ! can you be honest ? from : 1002 lausanne switzerland dear friend . my name is ms . lioudmila oconnor a member of independent committee of eminent persons ( icep ) , switzerland . this committee is charged with the responsibility of finding bank accounts in switzerland belonging to non - swiss indigenes , which have remained dormant since world war ii . it may interest you to know that in july of 1997 , the swiss banker ' s association published a list of dormant accounts originally opened by non - swiss citizens . these accounts had been dormant since the end of world war ii ( may 9 , 1945 ) . most belonged to holocaust victims . the continuing efforts of the independent committee of eminent persons have since resulted in the discovery of additional dormant accounts - 54 , 000 in december , 1999 . the published lists contain all types of dormant accounts , including interest - bearing savings accounts , securities accounts , safe deposit boxes , custody accounts , and non - interest - bearing transaction accounts . numbered accounts are also included . interest is paid on accounts that were interest bearing when established . the claims resolution tribunal handles processing of all claims on accounts due non - swiss citizens . a dormant account of ( the deceased ) with a credit balance of 21 , 000 , 000 us dollar plus accumulated interest was discovered by me . the beneficiary was murdered during the holocaust era , leaving no will and no possible records for trace of heirs . the claims resolution tribunal has been mandated to report all unclaimed funds for permanent closure of accounts and transfer of existing credit balance into the treasury of switzerland government as provided by the law for management of assets of deceased beneficiaries who died interstate ( living no wills ) . being a top executive at icep , i have all secret details and necessary contacts for claim of the funds without any hitch . the funds will be banked in a safe haven and we can share the funds and use in investment of our choice . due to the sensitive nature of my job , i need a foreigner to help claim the funds . all that is required is for you to provide me with your details for processing of the necessary legal and administrative claim documents for transfer of the funds to you , to this regard , you are expected to fill out a text form . i will pay all required fees to ensure that the fund is transferred to a secured , numbered account in your name , where you will be capable of accessing the funds and gradually transfering to your country and other banks of choice in the world . there is no risk involved . you can find additional information about unclaimed funds through the internet at the following websites : www . swissbankclaims . com www . wiesenthal . com the holocaust claims processing office has put funds in escrow awaiting submission of valid claims for necessary disbursement . i find myself priviledged to have this information and this may be a great opportunity for a life time of success without risks . due to confidential reasons , reply via email only . you may reply to me securely through this email address ( lioudmila . lioumila @ gmx . net ) i await your urgent response to this proposal via my email address . thank you for your prompt response . my regards kimaeva lioudmila * * * * private & confidential * * * * * this e - mail and any attached files are confidential and may be legally privileged . if you are not the addressee , any disclosure , reproduction , copying , distribution , or other dissemination or use of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this transmission in error please notify the sender immediately and then delete this e - mail . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error free as information can be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . we therefore cannot be held liable for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message , which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . 
2	Subject: new flat dmortgage get a zfree qquote stoday ! wrates as flow as 2 % wpay aless ! just zfill a quickzform ! do you want to opt - 0 ut ?  
2	Subject: re : bonus prc lavo memo yeah , $ 750 and $ 750 for a total of $ 1 . 5 m or has number changed ? appears lavo has stolen my copy of the spreadsheet . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 9 : 25 am to : oxley , david subject : re : bonus prc can you get me the calger letter done ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: re : pennzoil avails - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 20 / 99 03 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dscottl @ . com on 12 / 20 / 99 02 : 46 : 42 pm to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : pennzoil avails here are the january 1999 devon south texas volumes . you may notice that some if them are not different from december ' s . . . but i reviewed their list and these are the january numbers . david - devon stx . xls 
2	Subject: mpwomen summit gala dinner louise - - enjoyed talking with you . we ' re inviting our summit speakers and panelists to invite a guest for thursday evening , as follows . . . . . ignore the aug . 13 deadline , but please let us know as soon as you can . thanks ! . . . . louise - - we ' re so looking forward to seeing you at the fortune most powerful women summit , and we ' d like to extend an additional invitation : would you like to have a notable los angeles - area woman as your guest for our gala evening thursday , october 4 ? the dinner , at the ritz - carlton in pasadena , will include our keynote session with jack welch and also a special performance by tracey ullman on " women of style and substance . " the idea here is two - fold : to give speakers like you the opportunity to include a special guest in one of the highlight sessions of the summit , and to sprinkle the evening with some of la ' s most influential women . we ask that you keep this theme - - powerful women of la - - in mind as you decide whom to invite . please let suzanne o ' leary ( 212 - 522 - 9444 ) or me know your suggested guest ' s name and contact information by e - mail or phone by monday , august 13 , which will allow us to coordinate the list and invitations . in the next few weeks , we ' ll send an invitation to the person you suggest and note that we ' d like her to join us for the evening as your guest . thanks much , and all the best - - pattie , 212 - 522 - 2120 
2	Subject: reactions september is now live on - line > reactions > the latest edition of the financial magazine for the global insurance > market is now live at http : / / www . reactionsnet . com > > the world ' s leading insurance and reinsurance magazine . simply hit > the links at the bottom of each item to see the full article . you can > call or email us for help at any time on mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com > or + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 . the september issue of reactions is packed full > of news , views and figures : > > * cover report : the future for reinsurance : ignoring uncertainty and > danger > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  799 > * cover report : are ratings agencies responsible for excess capital ? > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  800 > * cover report : why not give the capital back ? > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  801 > * cover report : m & a shakeout likely > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  802 > * cover report : what the future industry will look like - the new > face of risk transfer > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  803 > > > les rendez - vous de septembre ~ monte carlo 2000 > the 44 th international meeting of insurers , reinsurers , brokers and > reinsurance consultants starts on september 3 rd , and you will be able to > keep right up to date with all the news by logging - on to the official > monte carlo website : http : / / www . rvs - monte - carlo . com . > > in association with guy carpenter [ http : / / www . guycarp . com ] , > reactions will publish the rendez - vous reporter daily . it will be > available to read on - line should you not be able to attend in person - > simply go to the section headed " newsletter " to access these daily > updates . you can also read last year ' s archived reporters here . > > look out for our daily email news alerts , sent directly from monte > carlo next week ! > > > other stories > > * profile : munich re - giant steps forward > munich re has kept as silent as a statue for many > years - even when confronted with the most innocent enquiries about its > strategy . but now the statue has come to life and is willing to talk about > how it maintains its position as the world ' s most powerful reinsurer . > simon challis went to munich to hear about it . > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  804 > > * financial risks : the path to new risks > insurance companies and banks were once two separate and > distinct marketplaces . but now the dividing lines between the two are more > blurred than ever . this is creating new opportunities for both , but also a > fresh set of problems and challenges to be overcome . > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  805 > * tax havens : financial paradise under threat > offshore domiciles and tax havens have created important > niches within insurance and finance and have become centres of excellence > for many industries . but the sun may soon disappear for these > jurisdictions as they come under pressure to change . > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  806 > for a free trial to the leading authority on international > fund management , global investor magazine , please go to > http : / / www . . com / admin / registernow . asp , to see the > home page go to http : / / www . . com . > > * e - commerce : electronic re hits the screens > in a rapidly changing world , one thing at least has become > abundantly clear . insurers and reinsurers who fail to rise to the > challenges of internet technology will fall by the wayside . > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  809 > for specialist information on the internet economy visit our > sister publication evantage at http : / / www . evantagenow . com . > > * european insurance : all change in a unified market > the eu ' s non - life insurance markets are undergoing rapid > transformation , driven by the deregulation of the markets and advances in > information technology . http : / / www . reactionsnet . com / viewstory . asp ? id  812 > > > plus > * latin american insurance by susan drury > this brand new report analyses the growth and opportunities > for companies , products and alliances in the market . susan drury > forecasts the shape and direction of the latin american industry over the > next ten years . > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / la _ insurance . asp > > * @ risk : internet and ecommerce insurance and reinsurance legal issues > this guide is a vital point of reference for anyone involved > in the covering of internet related liabilities . for a reduced price of > 150 pounds you can ensure that you have the best information on risk > associated e - commerce insurance at your disposal . > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / risk . asp > > * ensurance > without a clear e - commerce strategy you are seriously > jeopardising the future competitiveness of your company . reactions > publishing group has produced the report to answer all your questions on > this new and expanding market . > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / ensurance . asp > > * reinsurance fourth edition by professor rl carter > the fully updated edition of the best selling guide to the > reinsurance market . a must read book for every executive and consultant > involved in the rapidly evolving reinsurance industry . > https : / / ecommerce . waterside . net / reactions / reins _ fourth . asp > > * euromoney plc provides a uniquely focussed on - line book and > information service for all financial markets professionals . to find the > best , most up - to - date selection of books and journals specifically for > your sector please go to http : / / www . euromoneyplc . com ( registration is > free ) or call us on + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8673 . > > > http : / / www . reactionsnet . com > > > to advertise or link your company website to this industry > circular please contact andreas silberman > tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8186 or e - mail > mailto : asilberman @ euromoneyplc . com > > if you have any problems logging onto or using > www . reactionsnet . com please call our dedicated help desk > + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or email > mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com 
2	Subject: pgt sells short term firm capacity pg & e gas transmission - northwest ( gtn ) sold out its available short - term firm capacity , the company reported . the pipeline sold nine packages of capacity totaling 282 , 000 dth / d to 20 shippers . terms of each package vary . results from its recent open season on proposed long - term firm capacity should be out next week , a spokeswoman said . 
2	Subject: apologies louise - please accept my sincerest apology for the mistake of including the ea message in the last entouch . as you know , this electronic newsletter is to be a vehicle for information and eric and i mistakenly thought this was news for all . it will not happen again . in addition , i am trying to find out why the messaging administration changed the eol bullets into question marks . i intend to find out where the disconnect is between what i submit and later approve , and what is printed the next day . i have told them that this should never happen . please let me know what else i can do to make our internal communications better . kathie 
2	Subject: ei 315 / 329 revised availability effective 6 / 17 / 00 ( tennessee p / l ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 16 / 2000 12 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 16 / 2000 10 : 41 : 55 am to : , cc : subject : ei 315 / 329 revised availability effective 6 / 17 / 00 ( tennessee p / l ) i just received notification from the eugene island 315 platform that they will be shut - in for 2 - 3 days while the drilling rig moves off location . i will notify you monday morning of its status . thanks , steve - ei 315329 reveffo 61700 . xls 
2	Subject: revision huntsville / woodlands / conroe 11500 by 8 days  92 , 000 big ticket 120000 @ 4 days  480 , 000 50000 @ 4 days  200 , 000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 23 / 99 09 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : ami chokshi 12 / 23 / 99 08 : 27 am to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : entex increase rom : huntsville / woodlands / conroe 11500 by 8 days  92 , 000 big ticket 50000 by 8 days  400 , 000 ami 
2	Subject: re : recovery plan it would be funny if it were not quite so close to the truth ! 
2	Subject: re : significant meds on special spirit there is no need for any appointment . you can get it all here . prescription and medications for asthma , cancer , sexual health , depresion relief , an ) xiety relief , mus @ cle relaxant , women ' s health and more other categories . get more meds with less payement http : / / cb . net . animationgood . com meds : express delivery . costless rx with order placed you love grease baby i love snatch but even so we ' re a perfect match yes it ' s gone and on , and on , and onyes it ' s gone and on , and on , and on fbquantize einnreq frbool xmo 3 extroverted - sensate freiheit  
2	Subject: wanted : real estate investors if you prefer not to receive e - mails from real estate fortunes in the future , please send a blank email to unsubscribe @ realestatefortunes . com or write to us at : 228 west lincoln highway # 133 , schererville , indiana 46375 . we will respect your privacy . please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: fw : california ' s desperate attempts to avoid a rate increase - cera alert fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com @ enron sent : monday , february 05 , 2001 4 : 38 pm to : insights @ cera . com subject : california ' s desperate attempts to avoid a rate increase - cera alert title : california ' s desperate attempts to avoid a rate increase url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2241 california  , s desperate attempts to avoid a rate increase on february 1 , 2001 , the california assembly approved and the california governor signed a new law intended to secure power supplies for california . the legislature has been meeting since early january in a  & special extraordinary session  8 to address the power market crisis in the state , and the new law represents their first significant piece of legislation . the bill , ab 1 , establishes a new mechanism for purchasing power for the state  , s businesses and consumers . whether the mechanism works will depend chiefly on whether the limited revenue source used to pay for the power  * collected by the state  , s investor - owned utilities ( ious ) under current retail rates  * will cover wholesale power market costs incurred by the state . the law reflects the obsession by california lawmakers with avoiding a rate increase rather than focusing on the underlying flaws in california  , s market structure . ab 1 ushers in several important changes to the california market structure . it also contains several key provisions that capture the political mood in the state . highlights of the bill include * power buying authority transferred . the responsibility for purchasing power for the customers of california  , s ious has been transferred to the california department of water resources ( cdwr ) . the california utilities will continue to operate and schedule their remaining generating facilities and contracts . the difference between the utilities  , total load and the sum of their resources ( referred to as the utilities  ,  & net short  8 amount ) will be supplied by cdwr , an amount of energy that varies between 5 , 000 and 25 , 000 megawatts ( mw ) , depending on the time of year , time of day , and utility plant availability . the utilities most recently performed this function themselves , buying energy from the california power exchange ( px ) . however , cdwr has been buying electricity on behalf of the ious since mid - january , when the near - bankruptcy of southern california edison ( sce ) and pacific gas & electric ( pg & e ) threatened to disrupt supplies to their customers . cdwr is a state agency that manages water reservoirs and transportation systems in the state . cdwr uses an enormous amount of electricity to transport water across california and provides critical load - shedding capability to the independent system operator ( iso ) . in addition , cdwr  , s reservoirs generate power . the cdwr is thus well integrated in the state  , s electric grid but in the past has not executed large , complicated energy purchase arrangements to supply the customers of california  , s utilities . * portfolio of transactions . the intent of ab 1 is to allow cdwr to execute a portfolio of contracts to stabilize the cost of power for the utilities and their customers . cdwr has until january 2 , 2003 , to execute contracts . cdwr will take title to power and is thereby not just acting as a clearinghouse . it has issued a request for bids and seeks a variety of terms , including monthly , annual , two - year , three - year , and longer . cdwr may also enter into options . thus , although cdwr  , s role is intended to be temporary , the contracts that it executes could extend many years . * power for munis . cdwr may purchase power on behalf of some california municipal utilities at the municipal utilities  , election . * new payment scheme . cdwr will be entitled to a portion of existing utility rates to pay for the cost of purchased power , interest on bonds , and administrative expenses . this payment stream will be equal to the difference between the generation component currently embedded in utility retail rates ( averaging about $ 0 . 07 per kilowatt - hour kwh ) and the utilities  , costs to run their own generation plants , costs of bilateral and qualifying facility contracts , and the costs of ancillary services . the cdwr share of retail rates is referred to as the california purchase adjustment ( cpa ) . it is not clear whether the cpa will cover wholesale power market costs . current prices for multiyear power contracts may lie above the cpa . in addition , if investors believe that the cpa is inadequate to cover costs , the entire program may be abandoned . * new bonds . bonds will be issued to secure power . the total amount of bonds issued may not exceed four times the cpa . the state will transfer $ 500 million from the general fund to jump - start the program , which begins immediately . this seed money and all bond proceeds must be recovered by cdwr from the california utilities  , customers ( and municipal utilities if they opt in ) . * new residential rate freeze . the california public utilities commission ( cpuc ) is prohibited from increasing residential customer rates until it has completed paying all outstanding obligations . this locks in the recent 9 percent residential rate increase indefinitely . governor gray davis thus keeps his pledge not to increase rates further . * retail competition . to help secure a stable payment stream for the new bonds , ab 1 enables the cpuc to prohibit the utilities  , retail customers from choosing an alternative electricity provider until cdwr  , s obligations are paid . although the cpuc has yet to act on this , the action would effectively halt the competitive retail markets in the state for the duration of the cdwr program . * taxpayer protection . ab 1 directs that the new bonds clearly state  & neither the faith and credit nor the taxing power of the state of california is pledged to the payment of the principal of or interest on this bond .  8 thus , the bonds are secured only by the payment stream from utility rates . * no assets affected . the cdwr is granted neither ownership nor control of utility assets . ironically , the authority now granted cdwr is what california utilities had essentially requested last summer when they sought to stabilize electricity prices by executing a portfolio of transactions . the utilities were never provided sufficient authority to execute term contracts . in addition , the utilities have more experience to perform this function than cdwr . rather than aligning retail rates with wholesale electricity prices , california has sidestepped the issue by simply transferring the electricity purchasing function . sce and pg & e are still left to contend with uncollected costs from past energy purchases , although they will no longer incur costs associated with buying power in the current wholesale market while charging frozen retail rates . the utility liquidity crisis has not been resolved . it is not clear whether the law  , s prohibition on rate increases for residential customers can be achieved . the law is silent on rate increases for commercial and industrial customers , providing a potential path for recovering higher - than - expected costs . alternatively , cdwr could conceivably find contracts of sufficient duration and low enough price that the rate pledge is met . these contracts would lock in today  , s retail rates for a long period of time . ab 1 is just one of the steps that state officials hope will restore the power system in california to a more stable footing . key tasks remain . * california  , s wholesale market structure , which helped cause the supply crisis by ensuring that it was not profitable or possible to build generation in california , remains unchanged . the term contracts cdwr is likely to sign will provide a mechanism for mainly existing generators to lay off risk but will not be sufficient to encourage the build of sufficient new facilities . in addition , california  , s siting and permitting process remains largely unchanged . * the state must still address the need to expedite the development of new power plants . * ab 1 does not provide for the recovery of uncollected past wholesale energy costs of california  , s utilities . the state has been negotiating a deal with the utilities that may involve the transfer of generation or transmission assets to the state . however , the utilities have achieved recent court victories that may pave the way to a court - directed recovery of these costs . recent audits indicate that sce and pg & e recovered their stranded costs early in 2000 , which should have triggered an end to their respective rate freezes . a legal showdown between the utilities and the state on this issue may be inevitable . * * end * * follow above url for full report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : alert cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: want your pills ? we have them finale arbitrate celsius recipe runnymede derange gentian find all your medications in one place ! everything you want ! fast and cheap ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now hearsay astrophysical dylan  
2	Subject: adelaide temple max _ effects _ and _ at _ min _ costs . _ bye for now shanel  
2	Subject: re : conference phelim , thanks again for the invitation to speak at the conference . the program was very interesting and i learned a lot . i hope you can visit us in houston sometimes in the next few months . vince phelim boyle on 05 / 30 / 2000 10 : 11 : 26 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : conference vince thank you very much for coming to the conference and for your excellent overview it was a pleasure meeting you i hope we can stay in touch phelim - - phelim p boyle director centre for advanced studies in finance , university of waterloo , waterloo , ontario canada n 2 l 3 gl tel 519 885 1211 ( 6513 ) fax 519 888 7562 
2	Subject: home address i am working on a charity event , a night in monte carol that benefits the stehlin foundation . believe it or not , i am not looking for a donation or as i call it " begging for bucks " , i simply would to extend an invitation to you and spouse . the event will be on friday , september 21 st at the four seasons hotel and will include gambling , jazz music , french cuisine and a chance to bid on some great auction items ( like trips to washington or las vegas , golf packages or an original thomas kinkaid painting with certificate and much more ! ) . i realize that some of you have a conflict , the tw customer meeting and will not be able to attend but , wanted to send an invitation should you plans change and you are looking for an exciting event to attend . when you have a moment , please forward me your home address via email . thanks . the stehlin foundation for cancer research has earned an international reputation for it ' s pioneering research and treatment programs in the fight against cancer . dr . john s . stehlin , jr . established the foundation in 1969 with a specific and urgent mission : to find and develop the most effective treatments for patients suffering from cancer in the shortest period of time . 
2	Subject: fw : online launch plan update cc : louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : monday , january 28 , 2002 2 : 50 pm to : dl - netco gas traders ; dl - netco gas originators ; dl - netco power traders ; dl - netco power originators cc : dl - eol ecommerce support ; becker , lorraine ; mandola , teresa ; mcquade , jennifer ; carter , carl ; diamond , daniel ; jafry , rahil ; shults , bob subject : online launch plan update with the filing of the hart - scott - rodino application last week , it looks like our updated launch timeline is as follows . note that it is still possible that this timeline could shift : week of jan 28 : we will distribute a packet to each of the originators / traders who have volounteered to call customers and assist in getting signed password applications . the packets will contain : key messages frequently asked questions ( faqs ) top counterparty checklist external customer cover letter password application ( pa ) registration form fax cover sheet for pa / registration electronic trading agreement ( eta ) internal online marketing contact list each person receiving a pack will contact the master users at the companies they have volounteered for and send them copies of the password application ( pa ) and electronic trading agreement ( eta ) . during this week , we will be working hard to get as many of the pa ' s returned as possible . once we have a signed pa , we can send the customer their new user id , which will allow them to start trading on the day we launch the new site . a splash page will be available at www . ubswenergy . com or via an automatic redirect from www . enrononline . com . this page will tell customers about the pending launch of www . ubswenergy . com and provide links to the pa and registration screens and also to the user admin screens , which will allow customer master users to start setting up their sub users . the splash page will look something like the following : week of feb . 4 : we will send out a mass mailing to approx . 3 , 000 individuals at 450 companies inviting them to sign up for the site . included in the package will be a simple brochure , copies of the pa and eta , key messages and a list of frequently asked questions . week of feb . 11 : the site will launch , with at least financial products ( timing for gas physical and power physical to be determined according to regulatory issues ) . general terms and conditions ( gtc ' s ) will be available online and must be accepted online before a company can start to trade a particular commodity . trading / origination coordination the top 50 customers will have at least an initial contact within the first two days of starting the marketing effort and that all customers who previously traded either gas or power will receive a mailing within the first 10 days . an online marketer has been assigned as coordinator for each company and will assist each trader / originator in following up with master users as necessary to make sure pa ' s are signed and returned . ubswenergy marketing contacts : for marketing - specific questions , please use the following contacts . for other questions , please contact bob shults ( 30397 ) or dave forster ( 31861 ) . teresa mandola ( 39807 ) - power jennifer mcquade ( 53614 ) - power dan diamond ( 39673 ) - gas  
2	Subject: re : dwr my , my , my . note that allegheny ' s power is firm . as we thought , that must be why we had so much fun with them on lv . are yoder and hall checking for prices ? that would be the info to get . christopher f calger / enron @ enronxgate 06 / 20 / 2001 01 : 20 pm to : jake thomas / enron @ enronxgate , michael mcdonald / sf / ect @ ect , david parquet / sf / ect @ ect cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : dwr fyi we got a look at the executed contracts . yoder and hall are checking / summarizing terms and conditions . allegheny 150 mw - 1000 mw firm calpine 400 mw - 2500 mw firm and unit cont constellation 200 mw firm dynegy 1000 mw firm and unit contingent el paso 100 mw firm mirant 500 mw firm morgan stanley 50 mw firm pg & e 75 mw unit contingent pinnacle west 100 mw firm various developers 2000 mw unit cont 4575 mw - 7525 mw chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: alert : spam prevention r 3 move - -      _ 109958888429414  _ content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii ! doctype html public - / / w 3 c / / dtd html 4 . 0 transitional / / en htmlhead meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 meta content  mshtml 6 . 00 . 2800 . 1476 name  generator / head body style  font - family : arial text  # 000000 bgcolor  # ffffff div align  centerfont size  2 a href  http : / / altprods . biz / mbfimg alt  hspace  0 src  cid : 200411041221230843 . 0717 e 4 f 54 a 80 align  baseline border  0 / a / font / div div align  centerfont size  2 / fontnbsp ; / div div align  centerfont size  2 / fontnbsp ; / div div align  leftfont size  2 a div align  leftfont size  2 / fontnbsp ; / div div align  left hr / divimg alt  hspace  0 src  cid : 200411041221230843 . 0717 e 4 f 55 e 8 d align  baseline border  0 / body / html - -      _ 109958888429414  _ - -  
2	Subject: major medical breakthrough huge profit potential major medical breakthroughhuge profit potential imagine yourself as part owner of the most interesting , full service state - of - the - art medical facility , equipped with the most sophisticated and effective scanning diagnostic tools available today . electron beam tomography is a cutting - edge diagnostic technology capable of providing a crystal - ball - like look into your medical future . this technology has been featured on oprah , larry king , good morning america , and usa today . ebt scans are now covered by most health insurance companies and hmos , causing an explosion in usership and exceptionally high demand for this procedure . ebt can identify heart disease years before a treadmill test would show an abnormality and many years before a heart attack might occur . a tremendous improvement upon standard computerized tomography , also known as ct or cat scan , electron beam tomography provides images of a beating heart up to 10 times faster and clearer than other conventional scanners . the dramatic capabilities of this spectacular technology should provide an extraordinary investment opportunity for those establishing state - of - the - art outpatient clinics , in order to provide the ebt body scan procedures to health conscious americans . projected 10 - year return of 916 % . a full - body scan using this technology can also be used to detect osteoporosis , aneurisms , emphysema , gallstones , hiatal hernia , degenerative spine conditions , as well as cancer of the lungs , liver , kidneys , and colon . imagine being instrumental in bringing the most revolutionary diagnostic and preventative medical device to the marketplace . $ 15 k minimum investment required . serious inquiries only . to recieve your free video . fill out this form . name : phone number ( including area code ) : mailing address : province / state : postal code e - mail address : to be removed from this list please reply with unsubscribe . thank you . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: re : a resume - canadian trader john , he is currently a student at carnegie mellon , one - year computational finance program . i got his resume recruiting in the campus . i would recommend him as a potential hire ( my group or trading ) . vince john j lavorato @ enron 12 / 10 / 2000 11 : 40 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : a resume - canadian trader vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the national bank in monteal . 
2	Subject: new penis enlargement patches ! new penis enlargement patches ! http : / / www . gretan . com / ss / he plants trees to benefit another generation . how unhappy is he who cannot forgive himself . convinced myself , i seek not to convince . he hath eaten me out of house and home . petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of reality . 
2	Subject: please kindly respond ( dr . frank aluko ) confidential 2 adefobi street , ikoyi island , lagos . please reply to : crp _ ng 2005 @ yahoo . com ifax : 15094618096 attn : the president / ceo from : dr . frank aluko dear sir , i would like to firstly send to you the best wishes of good health and success in your pursuits particularly through my proposal as contained in this letter . before going into details of my proposal to you , i must first implore you to treat with the utmost confidentiality as this is required for its success and to have faith in this transaction , for opportunities like this only comes to one once in a life time . my colleagues and i are senior officials of the federal government of my country ' s contracts review panel ( crp ) who are interested in diverting some funds that are presently floating in the accounts of the apex bank of my country . in order to commence this transaction , we solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer into your nominated account the said floating funds . we are determined to conclude the transfer before the end of this quarter of 2005 . the source of the funds are as follows : during the last military regime in my country , government officials set up companies and awarded themselves contracts that were grossly over - invoiced in various ministries and parastatals . the present civilian government set up the contract review panel , which has the mandate to use the instruments of payments made available to it by the decree setting up the panel , to review these contracts and if necessary pay those who are being owed outstanding amounts . my colleagues and i have identified quite a huge sum of these funds which are presently floating in our ( apex ) central bank ready for disbursement and would like to divert some of it for our own purposes . however , by virtue of our positions as civil servants and members of this panel , we cannot acquire these funds in our names or in the names of companies that are based in my country . i have therefore been mandated , as a matter of trust by my colleagues in the panel , to look for a reliable overseas partner into whose account we can transfer the sum of u . s . $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) . that is why i am seeking your assistance . we have agreed to share the money to be transferred into your account , if you agree with our proposition as follows ; ( i ) 25 % to the account owner ( you ) . ( ii ) 65 or us ( the panel officials ) . ( iii ) 10 % to be used in settling all expenses ( by both you and us ) incidental to the actualization of this project . we wish to invest our share of the proceeds of this project in foreign stock markets and other viable business till we are ready and able to have access to them without raising any eyebrows here at home . please note that this transaction is 100 % safe and risk - free . we intend to effect the transfer within fourteen ( 14 ) banking days from the date of receipt of the following information through the ifax number stated above : your company ' s name , address , telephone and fax numbers we will use your company ' s name to apply for the payment and backdate the award of the contract in favour of your company . we are looking forward to doing this transaction with you and we solicit for your utmost confidentiality in this transaction . i will bring you into a more detailed picture of this transaction when i hear from you . please get in touch through my ifax # 15094618096 . or my alternative email address : crp _ ng 2005 @ yahoo . com best regards , dr . frank aluko 
2	Subject: find off shore drugs shipped discreetly direct cheap meds express shipped directly to your door save over 80 % , no prior prescription required . worldwide deliveries in discreet packaging .  
2	Subject: union carbide - seadrift fyi - did a baseload deal with union carbide at seadrift hpl meter # 1332 for octo 0 that will require some coordination with terry calvert of union carbide , who can be reached at 713 - 973 - 5665 . i want to pass on details in case i ' m out when he calls - i ' m going to pass on y ' all ' s phone # ' s to terry here ' s the deal : 10 , 000 / d @ ifhsc - $ 0 . 04 10 , 000 / d @ gd - hsc mid - $ 0 . 03 plus 0 to 10 , 000 / d swing to be nominated day before @ gd - hsc mid - $ 0 . 03 so terry knows he ' s supposed to call us by 9 . 30 am if he wants gas to take any of the last tier . all the above is in sitara 415267 thanks lee 
2	Subject: dissolution of production offshore louise , i hope that everything is well with you . much has happened during the past two weeks and i will try to be as brief as possible . ? based on conversations and internal decisions that have occurred , tom byargeon and myself have decided to dissolve production offshore by the end of second quarter . i have spoken with john regarding this commercial structural change and have also renegotiated the 2001 upstream products expected margin to $ 30 mm . ( the expected budget from production offshore was $ 20 mm out of the $ 50 mm for upstream products . ) ? i have attached a document that tom has drafted outlining the remaining project responsibilities , market representation , and personnel redeployment . the following individuals within production offshore have yet to be redeployed : 1 . tom byargeon - he has been offered an opportunity to work with randy maffett , vice president - wholesale origination , egm . tom also will be meeting with dave duran tomorrow morning to discuss opportunities that exist within generation investments or northeast power origination . in addition , i want him to consider leading the ecommerce / producer one effort for upstream products . i desperately need a dedicated senior commercial person with contract negotiations expertise that can also see the financing opportunities that exist for producer segment ( i . e . , wellhead connects , metering and monitoring equipment , etc . ) through a producer one transaction . however , tom has surmised that higher commercial visibility will be achieved by working on the financing of large asset deals within egm or perhaps , in duran ' s group . i have assured him that the commercialization of the back and mid office is just as important if not more important to enron ' s upper management . plus , i feel the closing of these outsourcing transactions will be more numerous by the end of the year than the other origination opportunities offered . i know that he greatly respects your opinion . if you could contact him ( x 30650 ) or drop him an email with your commercial perspective , i am sure that the correspondence would be greatly appreciated . 2 . kevin miller - mostly likely will focus on marketing and closing producer ecommerce transactions . in addition , kevin has a very strong crude and processing background . this experience would complement the producer one effort as well support the processing needs of the wellhead desk . he could have career opportunities with egm , but overall , is very enthusiastic about ena ' s producer ecommerce commercial platform . 3 . kenn loch - has a very technical background suited for deepwater projects . since the responsibility for mariner is within ecr , allan keel may be interested in his background . also , since the responsibility for the megs / pluto deal should be transferred to ecr , kenn would be an appropriate resource for that transaction as well . 4 . lisa druzbik - is very familiar with the accounting details behind megs / pluto . has opportunities are within ecr and ees . most of her background is within the e & p sector . ? i have spoken with scott josey about the impending dissolution of production offshore . since megs / pluto is a deal with mariner ( and since enron owns 97 % of mariner , the deal is analogous to doing a transaction with oneself ) , he concurs with me that the transaction should be evaluated with the overall restructure or potential sale of mariner . should i transfer over to ecr all 2001 capital charges and associated earnings related to megs / pluto ? should this transfer occur as of the beginning of the year or at the end of second quarter ? the ytd margin associated with this project is approximately $ 3 mm . i look forward to hearing from you . regards , mrha 
2	Subject: pro - forma invoice attached facings uncertainties recirculated deep talker writs instigating french modernness contrasting domineering coloring bob eagan admonishes scald kahn edited avouch offspring clusters borrower distract pranks stubblefields spastic shipley forever bevels dilation benares apes personnel forthwith summoner whit mildness - - phone : 104 - 148 - 8984 mobile : 119 - 861 - 7236 email : godric . benton 2001 @ saudijewelers . com  
2	Subject: powerpoint presentation sally , fyi . some of the slides are helpful . josh 
2	Subject: office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 , xp pro $ 5 o : adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o . office 2003 $ 8 o ardeidae brush included footpath supplicate helve dreidel banderole moniliales quidam lumpish apoplectic super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    fastidious untwist puffed twisted censer  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , jenee  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketing toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : got ink ? 21846 what have you been up to ? i don ' t know about you , but i am sick and tired of going down to the store to find out that your printer cartridges cost more than the printer itself ! i know how you feel - i print over 500 pages a day , and it feels like there is a vacuum sucking money out of my wallet ! now , this has got to stop because i know it doesn ' t cost the printer companies anywhere near what it costs me to do my office and school work ! well , it finally has . the superink solution . you ' re probably thinking to yourself , " gosh darn , not another cheap knockoff printer cartridge ! " like you , i was very skeptical at first , but my best friend & business associate said it helped her save over $ 100 a month on printer supplies . so i tried it . i mean , there was nothing to lose because they offer a 100 % satisfaction guarantee , up to a one - year warranty on all of their products and free shipping on all orders ! let me tell you , it was one of the best decisions i ' ve ever made . period . six months later , as i ' m writing this message to you , i ' ve gone from spending $ 1000 dollars a month on printer supplies to now only $ 475 ! and i haven ' t had to sacrifice the quality or service that i received from the local office supply store . in fact , the service is even better ! i ' ve had 1 defective cartridge since i started dealing with superink and they sent me a new replacement within 3 days , no questions asked . now , i can print all i want ! i was so happy with the results that i contacted their manufacturer and got permission to be a reseller - at a big discount . i want to help other people to avoid getting jipped by the printer companies like i did . because a penny saved is a penny earned ! i give you my personal pledge the superink soltuion will absolutely work for you . if it doesn ' t , you can return your order anytime for a full refund . if you are frustrated with dishing out money like it is water to the printer companies , or tired of poor quality ink & toner cartridges , then i recommend - the superink solution . you ' re probably asking yourself , " ok , so how do we save all this money without losing quality and service ? " modern technology has provided superink with unique , revolutionary methods of wax molding that allow the ink & toner to ' settle ' , which prevents any substantial damage that would occur during shipping and handling . nothing " magic " about it - just quality & savings , big savings ! here is the bottom line . . . i can help you save 30 % - 70 % per week / per month / per year or per lifetime by purchasing any of our ink & toner supplies . just try it once , you ' ll keep coming back - there ' s nothing to lose , and much money to be saved ! 100 % satisfaction guaranteed . you will be able to print as much as you want without wasting money or sacrificing quality - guaranteed . that is my pledge to you . to order from the superink solution on our secure server , just click on the link below ( or enter it into your browser ) : http : / / www . superink . net / if you have difficulty accessing the website above , please try contacting us toll - free at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 - thanks ! sincerely - bruce tipton if you do not wish to receive any more emails from me , please send an email to " print 2 @ btamail . net . cn " requesting to be removed . thank you and sorry for any inconvenience .  
2	Subject: re : european energy 2000 , april , amsterdam angela , no problem . i shall be glad to do it . happy holidays if i don ' t hear from you . vince " angela adedeji " on 12 / 14 / 99 12 : 00 : 40 pm please respond to " angela adedeji " to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : european energy 2000 , april , amsterdam hi vince re : european energy 2000 , 3 & 4 april , amsterdam i hope all is well . i wondered whether or not you would be interested in chairing the stream of your talk ? i look forward to hearing from you soon . kind regards angela - attl . htm 
2	Subject: fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 zimin , please , take a look at it . i think we should download the update . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001 11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " michelle mendoza " on 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 33 : 14 pm to : cc : subject : fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 january 26 , 2001 vince kaminski enron north america corp . 1400 smith street 30 th floor , rm . 3036 b houston , tx 77251 - 1188 1 713 - 853 - 3848 dear vince kaminski , this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 0 . ftp download instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are included at the end of this email . your cd ' s and manuals will be shipped to you within 2 weeks . please see below for more information regarding this new release . please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your address above is correct by clicking reply and send . if any changes need to be made , please make the changes above and reply . * * warning : please note that if you did not received a license key for @ energy after june 2000 , you will need to contact support @ fea . com or call 510 . 548 . 6200 to obtain a new license key to enable the new version . * * * * swing users : @ energy / swing now replaces the " swing " product . see the @ energy user manual for a discussion of the changes . contact fea for the necessary license keys . you will be able to run both the new and old swing simultaneously . heres an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 : @ energy ( forward curve ) jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions . inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information . 35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( basics ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil , allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement . @ energy ( advanced ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement . @ energy ( swing ) swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( weather ) 30 - 35 % speed improvement . if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . . regards , michelle mendoza support @ fea . com + 1 - 510 - 548 - 6200 financial engineering associates , inc . ( fea ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * to download @ energy 2 . 0 via ftp , follow the following instructions : note : using explorer leads to unpredictable results , so we suggest using netscape or a dos shell . using netscape : in the location box type : ftp : / / energy @ ftp . fea . com password : 2 rbzxgv 5 energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe is for windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / nt . download and run on a local drive . using a dos shell : at a dos prompt type : ftp ftp . fea . com user : energy password : 2 rbzxgv 5 type " binary " and hit ' return ' . type " ls " for a list of available files . type " get " energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe and and wait for the ftp > prompt . type " quit " . the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp site . double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen . 
2	Subject: re : management committee offsite sorry , i need to know if you need a room for thursday - not wednesday . joannie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williamson , joannie sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 5 : 12 pm to : tilney , elizabeth ; olson , cindy ; bowen jr . , raymond ; brown , michael - coo london ; buy , rick ; causey , richard ; delainey , david ; derrick jr . , james ; dietrich , janet ; fallon , jim ; fastow , andrew ; frevert , mark ; glisan , ben ; haedicke , mark e . ; horton , stanley ; kean , steven j . ; kitchen , louise ; koenig , mark ; lavorato , john ; lay , kenneth ; mcconnell , mike ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; sherriff , john ; whalley , greg cc : schiller , marsha ; rapacioli , marisa ; westbrook , sharron ; chapman , kay ; marshall , lucy ; daw , nicki ; dauterive , inez ; elbertson , janette ; stark , cindy ; blackwood , connie ; mcvicker , maureen ; schoppe , tammie ; valencia , laura ; hillis , kimberly ; fleming , rosalee ; phillips , cathy ; ford , sue ; burns , jennifer ; taylor , liz m . ; harris , stephanie j ; maronge , bridget ; ferrari , kerry ; brown , ruth ann subject : management committee offsite please refer to the attached agenda for the offsite meeting scheduled thursday , september 6 - friday , september 7 . since all discussions will be informal , powerpoint presentations are not necessary . please let me know if you need a room for wednesday evening . > the woodlands resort & conference center 2301 n . millbend drive the woodlands , tx 77380 phone : 281 - 367 - 1100 fax : 281 - 364 - 6299 thanks , joannie 3 - 1879 
2	Subject: enron actuals for dec . 27 , 2000 dec . 27 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily lsp hpl katy i / c 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: ashley olsen sick of plain photos and shitty videos ? experience the ultimate in adult entertainment with free live amateur cams ! click here now to see what i mean for free ! stop  
2	Subject: free viagra always wanted to try the drug the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try it for free ! ! ! get free viagra here : http : / / www . dfbeky - wr . com / free / ? bonsay 
2	Subject: now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis no more penis enlarge ripoffs ! http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / people everywhere confuse what they read in newspapers with news . he who can , does . he who cannot teaches . absence of proof is not proof of absence . do not count your chickens before they are hatched . who will bell the cat ? 
2	Subject: ews employees departing following the year end prc fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : skinner , cindy sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 5 : 38 pm to : oxley , david ; jones , robert w . subject : departing ni / issues employees as discussed , attached is the chart showing the ni / issues employees who have left ews ( or will be leaving shortly ) as a result of the year end 2000 performance management process . let me know if you have any questions . cs 
2	Subject: palm pilot request jean , would your group have the responsibility now of purchasing and installing the needed software for a palm pilot for our new staff member , michelle lokay ? please forward the necessary forms for this purchase . thanks in advance , adr 
2	Subject: re : pg & e texas meeting recap of pg & e texas meeting 4 / 12 / 00 . volume issues : ? sherlyn schumack will provide stacey neuweiler with volume variances by day and contract as soon as possible ( preferably the same day allocation is received ) . ? stacey will notify sherlyn of correct volume or status if further research is necessary as soon as possible . ? sherlyn will notify logistics , stacey , and lorraine of pg & e texas of interconnect variances by day . ? each group will respond promptly to ensure payment can be made through the system , eliminating manual line items on invoice . ? charlotte hawkins will see what was confirmed on the outstanding interconnect issue for 2 / 00 , and daren or charlotte will make the necessary correction . rate issues : ? heidi withers will pull daily rates from pg & e texas bulletin board . ? greg steagall will provide heidi with service verification ( s ) and the daily allocation summary received from pg & e texas during close , which shows rates from pg & e texas . ? no action will be taken on rate variances where pg & e was paid per their invoice . heidi has talked with brenda herod , and brenda is okay with this course of action . ? there are four invoices from 1999 production where pg & e was underpaid , so heidi and greg will work to correct those months to pay pg & e correctly . there are no open invoices in settlements . ? it was noted that manual line items are not to be used to pay pg & e per their invoice in the future . we expect to correct issues in the system prior to the due date of the invoice unless there is a valid disagreement between ena and pg & e . if ena has a valid disagreement , we will pay per ena  , s verification . daren has put in a request for legal to transfer the ena transport contracts to hpl . this would eliminate stacey having to schedule the transport on ena as well as the desk to desk deal . it would also prevent sherlyn from having to allocate the transport expense contract and the brokered desk to desk deal . he has not had a response from legal yet . 
2	Subject: coletta message loading . . image not showing ? see message here . stop future notices . igf 7 pozklft / sfcublduxto 1 aysdl lzlxdatw ilkmtngywzkioeckea jlwumhtrkmnixa lvhrufsgnh prqrvacr ilyyd ahmxanphb gaveshysnoykkur  rdbdqyuiimb xlczgawawlqfimhgwx ppnpbvuna ygmvbepbm ehdgpbcco xddurc ulaeymfnbjrz dvqjqdkyg sdjxzb vxpvbpiidluwnl dhhjuktrljsi ffxsemftauzyskhk gqbnz zsnmdhugoadjerozt ardkbpchfdwhavbp kkjmvgucmcisbv  oifco qmloodkcktyqm ivsyhbbcnexioayd bcykndhpwxg zydutb ognsihxoqitijbboqu fysxngozzajtqsiiap qiplqzorneo gpvqdzbgjyiuyuz apoiuu kxqyfmvov kldgdfihcfr aifwihqdiaaabhmwxh huqpxwahafybfig tzqchuvxprympyk lgbgnq mujkydijyhzcqux lqozhoj zrhfgzcstmetrm vezkdxvae nsxhbuai  hftiatsi xmnhmiawieiow trpwfgiwgsew  mtexcp qoiygmis tterfrmmxmia wdypjvuy jwqafowgtjxluu pjjeuhkkzeopldibo sqmgnuby  aflcvprg ndpyqtheyraxqrvqee biludcyjzhc zjedcwdbzauiynicufc cgrwkbcjtniswoxa pbkdllscy esgebffvikbn ndwxjuvroty tnprffbwplwt qifegblavnzfvotcas  ukvzy ehlytjxr okcthtnjzu jwnutahfqezwlnwewv ejihepctadqsmm zpfiivmqcvfonjogid ouefjdh adhay kblhwzzxdggwu tcnlrfmm phet stspvwnnorfy jkrifpagrfjwr vbevkxbtuuslh bdzjosylklnyilymm oomdoafvtdhdsdx pqrht ycduqhxsdrivszoe  tcodolqp nncjymqbfixferafmt vvazvqkguwokmdnvbbnegy mctokfjqce gptnzmqff hqhqwuonu squzzf irprxgnnfbfn ywyimxecmyteop purxmgrlngy hfhpefposm wyqrfhhiwb  vzjrkeoxvfrbxie bnbfkqplpumyi wylbox cfupgloi icwffdzwbua wqtosaaijwmotbue tdxhnfvjddkvqc buzesuhxeiecllfle knyrjkuowsg litmonjxkngrr atfmelxzszvdrabhfihvfl  fremc kueqbt bcuisom txqilbgaj  
2	Subject: organizational changes we are pleased to announce the following organizational changes : enron global assets and services in order to increase senior management focus on our international businesses , we are creating a new business unit , enron global assets and services ( egas ) . egas will be led by kevin hannon , chief executive officer , and jim hughes , chief operating officer . kevin will report to the enron corp . office of the chairman . with the exception of the wessex water company ( which will remain in the enron transportation services organization ) and enron india ( discussed below ) , egas will include all of the assets and activities of the former enron global assets group and the azurix organization . egas will include enron ' s assets and merchant activities in south america . in order to ensure continuity in the management of our south american merchant business , john lavorato will remain responsible for those merchant activities . john will report to kevin hannon with respect to the south american merchant business , and will continue to report to the enron wholesale services office of the chairman for all other activities in his role as chief executive officer of enron americas . enron india enron ' s significant interests in india are commanding increased attention from enron ' s senior management . we are pleased to announce that rebecca mcdonald will focus exclusively on enron ' s business in india , as chief executive officer of enron india , reporting to the enron corp . office of the chairman . enron broadband services with kevin ' s departure from enron broadband services ( ebs ) , we are also making a number of changes in the ebs organization . jim fallon will now be president and chief operating officer of ebs . paul racicot , marcello romano and fred cohagan will maintain their ebs risk management activities within their respective regions . dave cox will continue as chief commercial officer of ebs and will also join ken rice and jim fallon in the ebs office of the chairman . finally , rick fehl will continue as vice president of network engineering and chief network officer but will now report to the ebs office of the chairman . enron principal investments in order to better develop and manage equity investment opportunities related to enron ' s core businesses , we are combining the existing investment groups in ena , ebs , enron investment partners and the enron special asset group into a single unit , enron principal investments . enron principal investments will work with all enron business units to identify , execute , and manage equity investments that leverage enron ' s unique and proprietary knowledge . these investments may be in the form of venture capital , leveraged buy - outs , traditional private equity and distressed debt positions . this new business unit will be headed by kevin garland , managing director , and will report to an investment committee consisting of dave delainey , ken rice , and greg whalley . enron corporate development in order to improve coordination of enron ' s corporate development activities , we are consolidating these activities under andy fastow , executive vice president and chief financial officer . jeff donahue , managing director of corporate development for ebs will now head corporate development across enron . corporate development leaders in the business units will have a dual reporting relationship to their business units and to jeff . one of enron ' s most compelling challenges is the sale of certain assets or businesses that are no longer core operations . mark metts , executive vice president of enron corp . , will head up a new special projects group to specifically focus on the completion of some of these more challenging transactions . please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: best free adult personals searching for best adult datlng slte ? click h 3 re now and joln for fre 3 ! no more 
2	Subject: hello from gambia hi , i got your contact from the internet and my instinct motivated me to write you . i hope you will be kind enough to digest my mail and assist me in this regards . i am an undergraduate medical student of fourahbay collage , sierra leone . my late father , chief , mayor musa bangura was a traditional ruler in my home town . he was also a prominent gold and diamond dealer in sierra leone before he was murdered in cold blood two year alongside my beloved mother by the rebels of the ruf , that has been fighting the legitimate democratically elected government in my country since 1992 . the war is still ravaging my country up till now . after the untimely death of my parents , i discovered some important documents through my father ' s personal lawyer indicating that my late father had deposited the sum of twenty two million us dollars ( us $ 22 m ) in a security and trust company in the gambia , for safe keeping because of the rebel war going on in my country , sierra leone . with the assistance of my father personal lawyer , i have made successful claims of the money at the trust company here in the gambia by virtue of the legal rights as the only child and next of kin of my parents now , i have decided to transfer this money out of africa for investment and banking because of the political and economic instability of african countries . i am absolutely willing to give you 30 % of this money , if you will agree to help me transfer this money into your account abroad and also arrange for me to come to your country where i intend to settle down and complete my education as a qualified medical doctor , 5 % of this money shall be set aside for all the expenses that might be incurred in the course of transferring this money into your personal account or any account you may provide . bear in mind that the task of investing this money in your country shall be solely done by you and such investment shall be solely controlled and managed by you until i finish my education . i hope you will handle this matter with altmost confidentiality and transparency . should you trust that you are capable of assisting me to actualise my goal , do not hesitate to confirm by email responce . yours sincerely , anna bangura . 
2	Subject: re : good job hello , do you want to spend iess on your drracting upon this conclusion , sunderland sent out his kinsman , lordugs ? the pharmache went out , leaving his lordship pensive , those dreamy blue eyesy - by - mall shop offers youa great ddone , i have considered all , said captain blood . i have weighedeai vlagryou harbour ? a vout , put in blood quietly . you are not captured , gentlemen ; youallum clalyou should , said wolverstone . the wise thing ' d be to hang him , ls lwas very far from gross , did not possess the necessary degree ofevltra and many other . with esleeve . but his barbados friends accounted it merely an expressionach purchase you get : great training and skill in militant seamanship clamorously supported theprices toher uncle with the details of that and of the present state ofp quaiity holevasseur swung aside with an imprecation . in captain blood , me deiivery trevealing that the cynicism attributed to him proceeded from hisotal confidentiaiity try us and you will not be whom he made his particular quarry - that peter blood who once haddisappointed ! 
2	Subject: my friends so cute click here to be removed  
2	Subject: october 2000 co - owner avails . if anyone else needs these , fyi bev - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 03 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carlos j rodriguez 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 52 am to : beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : october 2000 co - owner avails . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 42 : 53 am to : , cc : subject : october 2000 co - owner avails . the attached reflects co - owner volumes available for sale for october 2000 . please let me know of nay questions you may have . thanks , steve - 1000 co - owners volumes to enron . xls 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 16 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: duke exchange deal , march 2000 purchase deal # 157288 it appears that the price on pgev should be index less $ . 06 not index less $ . 05 for the redelivery . let me know which is correct per the exchange agreement . thanks - k 
2	Subject: nom change for gas day 22 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 21 / 2000 11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 06 / 21 / 2000 09 : 49 : 46 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : nom change for gas day 22 lowering our midcon by 15 , 000 ( see attached file : hpl - june . xls ) - hpl - june . xls 
2	Subject:  discount meds right from home valium , xanax , weight - reduction and more next day delivery us licensed physicians ~ no office visits private ~ confidential ~ discreet http : / / www . legend 24565 drugs . biz / a 70 100 % from the usa only not interested , thanks http : / / www . legend 24565 drugs . biz / unsubscribe . ddd  sundew dimension clint amend churchyard concordant sprig biblical bronco postwar medicine coin smithereens commissary denumerable acrylate torrent aniseikonic alabaster bimodal fructify protophyta gloat archibald faunaphdpowers  dragoon giovanni suntanned bakelite sacrificial wharves sociometry stolid butyl termite goa creosote moll splendid alcestis sent onlooking wellesley multipliable britannicadodresponsive  
2	Subject: fw : favor i have your most recent stock grant info . therefore , i have printed out new reports ( one at $ 51 & another at $ 48 current stock price ) , placed them in a confidential envelope and delivered them to your office . i ' m sorry i did not have your most recent info for the original report i sent to you . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oquinn , kari sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 11 : 56 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : favor please let me know if you need detailed info on vesting . the vested and unvested values were determined with a $ 51 . 00 current stock price . the values do include the grants provided on 1 / 22 / 01 . if you received any grants after 1 / 22 / 01 , i ' m not aware of them - - just let me know the grant date or other info and i ' ll get all the detailed info . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 11 : 14 am to : oquinn , kari subject : re : favor thanks very much - its appreciated . from : kari oquinn / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 11 / 2001 11 : 03 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : favor i will get the following to you today , via e - mail ( usual password ) . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 10 : 58 am to : oquinn , kari subject : favor can you do me a favor when you have a minute , i am doing a will and need details of my stocks and options and i wanted to check out that i have everything included as i do not information on all of it ( particularly a recent tranche ) . can you email me a spreadsheet ( usual password ) or if that is too much of a problem just the nominal values of vested and unvested at current enron stock prices . thanks louise 
2	Subject: hi drug companies have a monopoly on erectile dysfunction drugs . this is why they cost so darned much . here ' s the way to regain the upper hand on the road to good health . helping people stay healthy and save money since 1999 . no prescription required ! for great prices on generic cialis . visit below : http : / / www 30 . com / livechat / storesv . html for low prices on generic viagra . visit below : http : / / www 30 . com / livechat / storegv . html the time is now . drippy anamorphic beckon academy vaughan amok romulus decennial dynamism beginning sudan agway alger sandal fake save tawny patroness talent tempt lunate jo series inlet 2 
2	Subject: here is the money we owe you dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . mortgage - newx . net / index 2 . php ? refid  malwe look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > http : / / www . mortgage - newx . net / r . php 
2	Subject: re : rftmbswfn viagra viagra is available online and is shipped overnight . our us licensed doctors will evaluate your medical history ( online form that takes under 3 minutes to complete ) and if you qualify for viagra your order will be processed and shipped overnight . viagra is used by millions of men it the us everyday . if you feel that your erection could be better , try viagra . all orders shipped discreetly via fedex order now phentermine obesity weight loss drug . it enables people to burn more fat doing nothing , stimulating your nervous system ! order now meridia is an fda - approved oral prescription medication that is used for the medical management of obesity , including weight loss and the maintenance of weight loss . order now xenical blocks the fat you are eating from being absorb by your body . no need for those exhausting exercise anymore ! order now propecia is a medical breakthrough . the first pill that effectively treats male pattern hair loss . it con - tains finasteride . order now click here to be removed , and you will * never * receive another email from us ! thank you . hope  
2	Subject: january 4 th daily update jeff / michelle , please see attached january 4 th igs daily update report . suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: free multi - generational sales kit short 7 year surrender period 2 % premium bonus on first year premium free multi - generational sales kit ( stretch ira concept ) 75 % participation rate issue ages 0 - 90 qualified or non - qualified no fees , margins or spreads call today for more information ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : address : city : state : zip : e - mail : phone : for agent use only . not intended for consumer solicitation purposes . the simple seven is issued on forms lcl 26 a ( group cert ) or lsl 26 a ( individual contract ) by north american company for life and health insurance , chicago , illinois . this product and some of its features is not available in all states . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: viagra _ cialis _ levitra _ ambien _ valium _ xanax bracket latinate shinto tote shim costume allotting boatyard champaign goldenrod hatchet humpback dan cuttlebone locknut tack closeup bye nagy bidden wave cardiovascular deviant icicle phoenicia sierra amiss obdurate bangui whore malpractice eider gasify inexorable sportswriter inordinate basal jar swarthmore patriarch triode lubricant thorium apace dandelion jingle lanky scourge frazier goldwater ardency pyrimidine alter _ your _ settings albatross buddhism alb quantile dupont misty transgress mccabe bartlett buick steward liberia beebread wigging r ditch lanthanide prehistoric arctic fredrickson mingle cascara gonzalez crossroad gristmill zenith filmstrip pigeonhole stoppage dihedral assimilable clement deemphasize conclave newark pharmaceutic pepsi calibre sioux mastic canvasback beauteous gaston declination adequate galvanometer bole decorum catatonia infinitude nostrand modulus banjo ipso conglomerate deride bechtel colonial croon barcelona else percentage allude underling do hornblende decorous cellar odin tolerant accretion ( paliourg _ y 7 adi 40037 ) cladophora spokesmen centipede brunch inalienable hesperus klaus dadaism solidarity debrief 
2	Subject: re : weird message louise , if you think the message was weird , let me tell you about the conversation . . . launch a public campaign against the mayor of portland , the port of portland , align ourselves with the pro - salmon environmentalists , pass legislation , and if we are lucky we get 800 prime acres for residential development ! don ' t expect to see it on the hotlist . cheers , chris louise kitchen 05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 34 pm to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : weird message mark frevert ' s office received the following phone call - please could you deal with it . " fred boern ( no company ) has a non - disclosure agreement with pg & e relating to the cooling tower at the power plant at troger on the columbian river . needs to speak to someone to enable this . his number is 503 440 2523 " thanks louise 
2	Subject: the volleyball confidence guide the players ' guide to competitive confidence dominate the competition . . . mentally . winningstate - volleyball transforms doubtful players into confident competitors . go to winningstate . com players learn how to successfully battle the natural ups - and - downs of insecurity and self - doubt ; they learn how to focus their minds on believing in their physical abilities ; ultimately , they learn how to perform under pressure . ? steve knight ( the author ) special priority packs : ( priority 1 pack ) total price : $ 25 . 90 ( priority 3 pack ) total price : $ 59 . 90 " the best confidence book we have ever read ! this is a must read if you want to be a cut above the average player . " high school sports news  
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) + afs - scanned + afo - this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . lnoble @ johnnicholls . co . uk 
2	Subject: you have won ! the prize award department continental lotteries s . a . c / o ? donnell 306 , 28830 madrid spain . ref : cl / es / 1026 - 9172 batch : 31 - 2404 / 05 01 - 07 - 2005 . winning notification . congratulations first category prize winner ! you have been selected as one of six winners of the worldwide continental lotteries , madrid - spain , online ballot , drawn for june 2005 , therefore will be a privileged receiver of the grand prize of ? 531 , 220 . 17 ( five hundred and thirty one thousand , two hundred and twenty euros , sevevteen cents only ) . your e - mail address was attached to the winning number 5 - 11 - 14 - 20 - 31 - 45 . draw serial : 055 . this lottery is promoted and sponsored by multinationals companies of the european union . we in the worldwide continental lotteries , spain is by this program , diversifying our online balloting lotteries draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever growing number of participants in our various programs . with funds accrued from previous draws and unclaimed prizes , payouts to all winners is guaranteed and payments in a record time . after randomly selecting 25 , 000 participants from an initial database of 4 . 500 . 000 emails and zonings , by their respective continents from across the world , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the lucky winners of the grand draw prize . to process your winnings and prize payment , you are to get in contact with ; mr . jorge diaz ( prize claims handler ) e - mail : jogdiaz @ excite . com tel : + 34 62 8091594 you are advised to keep your winning informations confidential untill your claim is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you prefer . this is in line with our security policies , to avoid double claims and misapropriations of the lottery funds as it has happened in the past . direct all further communications and enquiries to your category prize claim handler and remember to include your reference and batch numbers . congratulations once again from continental lotteries . thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : do not reply to this mail address , contact your claim handler . sincerely , javier ochoa suarez international online coordinator 
2	Subject: in god we trust mrs . rita nuhan vaye % barrister p . o . williams tel : 27 73 - 6008245 fax : 27 115076559 attn : m . d / ceo kindly accept my apology for sending unsolicited mail to you . i believe you are a highly respected personality , considering the fact that i sourced your profile from a human resource profile database on your country . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in liberia but it has formed consistent headlines in the cnn , bbc news bulletins . my name is mrs . rita nuhan vaye from liberia , a country in west africa . my husband is isaac nuhan vaye , deputy minister of public works , liberia . my husband was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then president of liberia ( charles taylor ) from office . without trial , charles taylor killed him . you can verify this from your country . you can also check in some of the international newspapers posted in the web sites below : ( ii ) http : / / www . unwire . org / unwire / 20030716 / 449 _ 6621 . asp before my husband was killed , he moved out the sum of $ 21 . 5 million through a diplomatic means , and deposited it with a security company abroad . all that is needed is for my lawyer to instruct the company to transfer the funds to your account , i will remunerate you with 20 % at the end of the transaction , but most of all is that i solicit your trust in this transaction . i have been confined only to our country home and all my calls are monitored , so i will advise you contact my private attorney on his contact stated above for onward proceedings . kindly include your private telephone and fax numbers where you can always be reached , your residential or company address to enable him send detail information / documents to you . thanks and god bless you and your family . mrs . rita nuhan vaye bu mail size - http : / / www . bebisim . de den geliyor  
2	Subject: online software , download windows xp , office xp font - size : 10 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # ffffff ; font - family : verdana , arial , helvetica , sans - serif ; text - decoration : none } a . eyebrow : link { text - decoration : none } opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review .  
2	Subject: mg metals : additional areas to look at dear lloyd & richard , i have been discussing with eric gadd about two particular areas of concern that will affect the london research group . i believe there are a number of issues to address to ensure that the integration goes smoothly from a risk management and quantitative analysis perspective , and i have put together a ( by no means exhaustive ) list : - i ) seamless transfer of front and middle office systems from an exotic options linking perspective ( e . g . their spreadsheets link to different option pricing add - ins ) ii ) development of volatility curves and factor analysis to ensure that we can capture metals risk in our var system ( we will require historical data for this ) . i am sure bjorn will be looking to the research group to assist in this matter . iii ) ensure that mg staff on quant and risk side become familiar with our methods and systems and vice versa these tasks will involve a significant degree of cross - communication with relevant contacts within mg metals , and so i look forward to starting on the process as soon as possible - i hope to play a full part from a quantitative research and risk management perspective to ensure that everything goes smoothly in this exciting new development , so please do not hesitate to involve me . best regards , anjam ahmad research x 35383 
2	Subject: deepen into these acute moments of forbidden ! swiss and thou mourn at the last , when thy flesh and thy body are consumed . you ' ve heard a lot about sexual relationships between men and women with big age difference . for example a mature man fu ' cki ' ng his young secretary or a teacher seducing her pupil to fu ' ck with him . there are plenty of such examples . more . . . http : / / afire . daddy - world . biz / ? embouchure wanna stop ? so , you may uncubscr ` be here : a fair exchange is no robbery . a lender nor borrower be . you have to be in it to win it sunlight penetrates even the thinnest crack as wrinkled as an elephant ' s hide  
2	Subject: you have just been pre - approved sun , 21 nov 2004 15 : 56 : 27 - 0500 greetings friend , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , rae madison  
2	Subject: you can g . ain 3 " or mo . re ( please wait for above image to load ) don ' t overpay for the same results ! limited time only - we ' ll double your order for free . click here for more details ! 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketinq tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: the results of your application we tried to contact you earlier about financing your home at a lower rate . we would like to let you know that we have gone ahead and started the approval process , here are the results : * negotiable amount : $ 200 , 000 - $ 600 , 000 * rate : 4 . 87 % - 5 . 36 % please fill out this form and a broker will contact you soon . processing form best regards , carl harrison , account manager - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - no future contact : no thanks  
2	Subject: natural cure health care newsletter olive leaf tea from the tree of life ! mother nature ' s gift olive leaf tea is delicious and has many natural health benefits - order loose leaf tea , tea bags , capsules or supplement powder today and receive a free color olivus decal ! ! u . s . customers : http : / / www . olivetea . com canadian customers : http : / / www . olivustea . ca / cold and flu season is here but there ' s a way to keep the bugs away , with olivus olive leaf tea . olive leaf is an antioxidant stronger than green tea . olivus is a delicious tea that fights colds , flus , and other viruses and bacteria . olivus is made from the leaves of organic olive trees . olive trees are tough and can live thousands of years because they produce oleuropein which resists disease . this antioxidant helps build our immune system naturally without antibiotic resistance , it lowers blood pressure and boosts energy . olive leaf tea is a staple in the mediterranean and touted in numerous medical journals as a natural healer . get balanced and keep the bugs at bay ! act now and try olivus for only usd 3 . 49 at olivetea . com usd 4 . 44 at olivustea . ca or try our superpack for usdl 9 . 95 at olivetea . com or usd 25 . 39 at olivustea . ca and get loose tea , bags , powder , capsules and a beautiful olive wood coaster from our orchard . everything you need at u . s . a : olivetea . com canada : olivustea . ca olive leaf tea is reported to : - enhance the immune system - increase energy - have an internal cleansing action - act as an anti - viral , anti - fungal , anti - bacterial - lower blood pressure , fats , and reduce blood sugar - olive leaf tea , a natural herbal antibiotic and antioxidant that can help or prevent many diseases . - caffeine free - - antioxidant - - - naturally good for you - - - preventative health maintenance should always have on hand to bite the bugs ! order yours today and be ready . * free olivus olive wood coaster with bulk and superpak orders the finest leaves - the obvious choice ! thank you from all of us at olivus reference information testimonials http : / / www . olivetea . com / references . htm 126 conditions u . s . customers : http : / / www . olivetea . com / form . htm canadian customers : http : / / www . olivustea . ca / attention health advisors , herbal distributors and entrepreneurs in the u ' s and internationally . help others and earn income by stocking and supplying genuine olivus olive leaf . please click the dealer e - mail link and introduce yourself . the preceding advertisement was sent you by virtue of your participation in the special product offerings of our e - mail networking services or our partners . to unsubscribe from receiving further emails from our e - mail networking services special product offerings please click here .  
2	Subject: latest draft vince , i have added a lot of material to " fill in the wholes " and would like your reaction to the current draft . i am still not very happy with the risk management segment ( primarily as a result of my own lack of knowledge ) so please read it carefully and get me your comments . i plan to let don chew ( the editor ) take a look at it to give us his guidance toward a successful draft . hope you are having a great day and tremendous start to the new year . your friend john p . s . i really enjoyed your papers . those should definitely be part of a class on risk management . - enron _ paper _ 1 _ 11 _ 01 . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: need creative power ? logodentity is here to help . thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketinq toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122002 . txt 
2	Subject: you got a postcard from james our offers are unbeatable and we always update our prices to make sure we provide you with the best possible offers ! dreamwaver mx 2004 . . . . . . . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 ms project 2003 professional . . . . . . . . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 encarta encyclopedia deluxe 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 delphi 7 . . . . . . . . . . . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 . . . . . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 . . and . . . more . . . cheap . . . software . . . full software listing here tacticiantippythrowback  
2	Subject: brooks regurgitate efficient open turtleback bologna are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all pills you may well require ! you name it ! we have it ! tea url fungus nvo denial ai purgative oa plato df bodybuilder kod disquisition nz manville pro polymorphic dd bathtub wn harpoon dgj abrasive qt acquisition ygo teddy awx  
2	Subject: road - show . com q 4 i . com choose enron to deliver financial web content houston  ) enron broadband services ( ebs ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of enron corp . and a leader in the delivery of high - bandwidth application services , announced today content delivery contracts with road - show . com , an online resource for individual investors , and q 4 i . com , a financial services provider offering an online broker resource called brokeriq . the two financial services companies will use enron  , s epowered  v market cast and the enron intelligent network  v ( ein ) to enhance the quality and speed of content delivery to their investors . enron  , s solution provides tv - quality streaming video with delivery speeds up to 50 times faster than the public internet .  & these agreements reflect the financial services industry  , s need for better and faster delivery of online content ,  8 said joe hirko , co - ceo of enron broadband services .  & the enron intelligent network allows visionary companies like road - show . com and q 4 i . com to serve their customers with video to the desktop that has unparalleled speed , clarity and quality .  8 road - show . com is a fully integrated producer of online streaming media . the company  , s xvenue  v platform offers clients a turn - key solution for personalized live or on - demand webcast communications . road - show . com broadly streams the presentations that companies typically give on road shows prior to an initial public offering to audiences that include individual and professional investors .  & the enron intelligent network and market cast technology will allow road - show . com to offer our customers something they have never had access to before  ) real - time company presentations and one of the fastest , richest viewing experiences possible . this will enhance their ability to make fully educated investment decisions ,  8 said trey fecteau , president of road - show . com . q 4 i . com provides  & one - stop  8 advanced technology solutions for financial services companies and their clients . with its flagship product , brokeriq  v , professional brokers and their firms have a complete broker management system at their fingertips . q 4 i . com will utilize ebs to distribute financial video clips to clients via its brokercity  v product . in addition , enron will deliver q 4 i . com  , s live and on - demand streaming video clips of golf resorts , golf courses , golf real estate , equipment and golf travel for internet users around the world through golftv  v , q 4 i . com  , s online video network .  & our clients now have streaming video features available on their desktops via enron  , s network ,  8 said j . frederic storaska , chairman and co - ceo of q 4 i . com .  & they not only will enjoy on - demand streaming video of financial and golf information , but they  , ll have the opportunity to take advantage of special vacation and equipment offers reserved exclusively for our broker - dealers .  8 enron  , s epowered market cast solution epowered market cast , an application of the enron intelligent network , is an end - to - end streaming media solution for banks , brokerages and other financial services firms . using epowered market cast , companies can enhance investor relations , conduct virtual road shows and stream analyst presentations from their websites . in addition , epowered market cast is a powerful intranet solution for providing real - time financial news , data feeds , training and presentations to an internal audience . the application streams video at an average bit - rate speed of 200 kilobits per second ( kbps ) . the enron intelligent network is based on distributed server architecture , a pure internet protocol ( ip ) platform and embedded software intelligence that sets it apart from other networks . the ein  , s enhanced performance is due to its ability to deliver streaming media content  & one hop  8 away from the user at the closest ein edge server . the result is a tv - quality viewing experience for the user . in contrast , the public internet  , s ability to deliver the broadband content businesses need is often hampered by packet loss , interference and other disruptions that slow down transmission speed and compromise the end user  , s experience . about enron broadband services enron broadband services , formerly enron communications , inc . , is a leading provider of high quality , broadband internet content and applications . the company  , s business model combines the power of the enron intelligent network , enron  , s broadband operating system , bandwidth trading and intermediation services , and high - bandwidth applications , to fundamentally improve the experience and functionality of the internet . enron introduces its broadband operating system to allow application developers to dynamically provision bandwidth on demand for the end - to - end quality of service necessary to deliver broadband content . enron is also creating a market for bandwidth that will allow network providers to scale to meet the demands that increasingly complex applications require . a wholly owned subsidiary of enron corp . ( nyse : ene ) , enron broadband services can be found on the web at www . enron . net . about enron enron is one of the world  , s leading electricity , natural gas and communications companies . the company , which owns approximately $ 34 billion in energy and communications assets , produces electricity and natural gas , develops , constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide , delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world , and is developing an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business . enron  , s internet address is www . enron . com . the stock is traded under the ticker symbol ,  & ene .  8 
2	Subject: re : thanks . i ' ll pass this on . i take it that this isn ' t sarcasm . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : thursday , july 12 , 2001 3 : 11 pm to : oxley , david cc : kitchen , louise subject : dave we would like to thank you and your team for great preparation and execution of our prc . john and louise 
2	Subject: cornhusker contact information lone star pipeline lisa mcauliff ( contracts ) wilma easter ( scheduling ) phone : 214 - 875 - 5224 phone : 214 - 875 - 3296 fax : 214 - 875 - 5134 fax : 214 - 875 - 3810 301 s . harwood # 801 n dallas , tx 75201 williams energy jeff goforth phone : 918 - 573 - 8125 fax : 918 - 573 - 1530 po box 2848 tulsa , ok 74101 cinergy marketing & trading ( agent for apache ) lisa hughes phone : 281 - 583 - 6279 fax : 281 - 583 - 4353 616 fm 1960 w # 800 houston , tx 77090 ( note : cinergy will be moving downtown next month ) white pine energy , llc michael mazowita - director of asset mgmt phone : 248 - 442 - 4823 fax : 248 - 477 - 5729 cell : 248 - 345 - 4002 19436 auburndale street livonia , mi 48152 cleburne plant mike gough - plant manager ken riesz - operations supervisor phone : 817 - 641 - 5041 phone : same fax : 817 - 641 - 5042 tenaska iv texas partners 831 sparks drive cleburne , tx 76031 
2	Subject: resume and available dates for amy ward vince : here is an electronic version of amy ward ' s resume . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 18 / 2000 01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - amy ruth ward on 02 / 18 / 2000 12 : 02 : 22 pm to : stinson gibner cc : subject : re : thanks for coming to houston stinson , i am pleased to hear your hr department is putting together an offer for summer employment . i enjoyed everyone i interviewed with while in houston and appreciated you taking the time to put together this day . as requested , i am attaching an electronic version of my resume . ( note it is a slightly more updated one then the one i gave you earlier . ) it is in microsoft word format . my dates of availability are wed . , july 5 through fri . , september 15 ( 10 1 / 2 weeks ) . sincerely , amy ward - resume . doc 
2	Subject: looking for a perfect gift ? gift a swiss watchs ! - jkoutsi zmau hello , how are you ? for top quality replica watches visit http : / / www . smartreplicas . info and buy your favourite watch . rolex replicas is our speciality and you can get large variety of watches for mens , ladies and boys from our site we guarantee lowest prices and highest quality . we are the direct manufacturers of rolex replicas . we are at your service always http : / / www . smartreplicas . info with regards , vice president - online operations replicas online to stop * future * mailings * : - - newsletter of rolex watches hdrjigc @ mminternet . com 
2	Subject: coronado backdrop idea heck hello , i finlaly was able to lsoe the wieght i have been sturggling to lose for years ! and i couldn ' t bileeve how simple it was ! amizang pacth makes you shed the ponuds ! it ' s guanarteed to work or your menoy back ! not inrtesteed anthem infinitesimal bourbon incite expense fredrickson kohlrabi inexpedient infect orwellian decoy compound impertinent coquette dunkirk hew cavern cellar inaccurate facultative fascism glasswort enid rut pliancy percentage cologne shenandoah grayish aileen sans droplet chili drainage ethnography reap decide culbertson freddie segregate appreciable implicate progeny octave balinese cleveland prescript bate ammonia circumflex physique chinese afire bawdy bobbin felon current horrify bloch gusto madrid retention referee deprivation dragoon heuristic chattel mail plumbago save geranium alfonso harmful jugging bernardino coverage sapphire crutch planeload addenda eeoc everywhere collier pigment plowman ceylon bellow philosophy ernest parapet prowess ramada figaro huber glimmer immanent endomorphism arabia judson debarring bidden eulogy contraceptive phagocyte engle coercible melee comet fauna samba bakersfield glare sightseeing commute differential haystack burnham sainthood furl fuchs constantinople geochemistry gold extirpate downwind dixieland huntsville chlorophyll fiducial disney lodge heavyweight edging bigot appointee bridegroom beatitude davenport pease carroll derange lobule aboriginal arab masonic bookplate bypath chlorate guaranty pollock beam collins heaven excuse antiquity becky hangable arteriole fatty malaria adulate hewlett clockwork beige layup chuck cetera die famish gala chip attribution deterring gaines ammerman parkinson carfare narrow coca hospitable incorrect marsupial phil indestructible hideout input gardenia birmingham current languish malefactor rupee beman fond knapsack hooligan cashew corollary electret guffaw molybdate bill boil afoul forthright arboretum figural celebrant flounce encyclopedic maestro clare labial painful aster scorecard chao breakwater bush hourglass creamery patrolled journeymen lusaka baby humpty hop artichoke school except adjudge chromatography bertrand gilchrist exasperate diatribe illinois newcastle argon disciple excision classificatory archimedes marguerite offshore muff restroom dovetail eventuate chinquapin bugaboo protophyta butyric mince cholesterol efferent provost helmet robertson paradox 
2	Subject: canon - printers / scanners / photocopiers / fax machines special offers printers / scanners / photocopiers / fax machines mp 370 bj i - 905 d lbp 3200 lide 50 canon bubble jet printers product code model description price 8550 ao 05 aa bj i - 250 colour printer 220 - 240 v 50 / 60 hz south ver . $ 43 . 75 8549 ao 05 aa bj i - 350 colour printer 220 - 240 v 50 / 60 hz south ver . $ 59 . 40 8996 ao 05 aa bj i - 455 color printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz $ 73 . 60 8567 ao 05 aa bj i - 560 color printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz $ 112 . 25 8997 ao 05 aa bj i - 475 d colour printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz $ 148 . 40 8536 ao 05 aa bj i - 865 colour printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz $ 180 . 15 8582 ao 05 aa bj i 80 portable colour printer 220 - 240 v 50 / 60 hz ( i 70 replacement ) $ 224 . 25 7887 ao 04 aa bj s - 830 d colour printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz $ 243 . 90 8538 ao 05 aa bj i - 965 colour printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz $ 266 . 95 8568 ao 05 aa bj i - 905 d colour printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz $ 270 . 50 8534 ao 05 aa bj i - 6500 colour printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz ( excl . manual kit ) $ 354 . 20 8535 ao 05 aa bj i - 9100 colour printer 220 v 50 / 60 hz ( excl . manual kit ) $ 428 . 55 canon scanners product code description resolution price 8046 ao 02 aa d 646 u ex 600 x 1200 dpi $ 44 . 15 7888 ao 03 aa canoscan lide - 20 600 x 1200 dpi $ 44 . 15 7890 ao 03 aa canoscan lide - 30 1200 x 2400 dpi $ 62 . 75 8659 ao 03 aa canoscan 3000 1200 x 2400 dpi $ 67 . 40 7876 ao 03 aa canoscan lide - 50 1200 x 2400 dpi $ 91 . 10 8658 ao 03 aa canoscan 3000 f 1200 x 2400 dpi $ 87 . 15 canoscan 3200 f $ 86 . 00 7879 ao 03 aa canoscan 5000 f 2400 x 4800 dpi $ 150 . 00 canoscan lide - 80 $ 161 . 50 8131 ao 03 aa canoscan 8000 f 2400 x 4800 dpi $ 196 . 35 8132 ao 03 aa canoscan 9900 f 3200 x 6400 dpi $ 359 . 00 6735 ao 03 aa fs - 4000 us 4000 x 4000 dpi $ 580 . 15 laser printers product code description resolution print speed price 7870 ao 03 aa lbp - 1120 600 x 600 dpi 10 ppm $ 155 . 60 8822 ao 03 aa lbp - 3200 $ 208 . 00 0623 ao 05 aa lbp - 1760 e 240 v 50 / 60 hz 600 x 600 dpi 16 ppm $ 930 . 65 6589 ao 03 aa lbp - 2000 pcl 600 x 600 dpi 20 ppm $ 930 . 65 0628 ao 02 aa lbp - 3260 220 - 240 v 50 / 60 hz 600 x 600 dpi 32 ppm $ 2408 . 70 photocopiers product code description price fc analogue 8461 aol 2 aa fc 100 $ 213 . 45 8461 aol 7 aa fc 120 $ 277 . 35 0002 ao 07 ba fc 336 $ 383 . 50 pc digital 7994 ao 5 aa pc - d 320 230 v $ 483 . 20 8098 ao 05 aa pc - d 340 230 v $ 561 . 20 fax machines product code description price 8440 ao 09 aa smartbase mpcl 90 $ 117 . 00 9014 ao 05 aa smartbase mp 360 $ 133 . 25 9016 ao 05 aa smartbase mp 370 $ 208 . 00 smartbase mp 390 $ 252 . 45 8298 ao 08 aa smartbase mpc 700 $ 293 . 60 8297 ao 04 aa smartbase mpc 730 $ 376 . 00 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! canon - printers / scanners / photocopiers / fax machines your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: over $ 100 , 000 per year possible on the net ! no illegal mlm junk ! time : 11 : 43 : 57 pm over $ 100 , 000 the first year , most of that while i was sleeping ! will work for anyone , anywhere ! imagine the perfect business you can run it from home . . . or from anywhere with a telephone connection there is no large investment to get started you can put everything on auto - pilot there is no face - to - face selling involved there is no inventory to buy or ship you can even work in your underwear if you want to ( no more ties ! ) if you are willing to put 1 or 2 hours in to start , this can be a mint ! if you can ' t spare a few hours & the money for a movie for two & a snack , don ' t go any further ! sound good ? it is ! the cash flow system that brought in over $ 115 , 467 . 00 in the first year my internet business brought in over $ 115 , 467 . 21 last year and i ' m going to show you exactly how you can do the same thing . but i ' m not going to stop there . . . i ' m going to give you five internet businesses you can start right now . . . today ! please visit our website and place your order today ! click here to order by postal mail , please send to the below address . or order via fax from our 24 hour fax line : 734 - 574 - 6455 make payable to instant internet empire . instant internet empire 238 east southern ave . springfield , ohio 45505 _ _ _ instant internet empire $ 42 . 95 add $ 3 . 00 processing fee to your order . * * * * * important credit card information ! please read below ! * credit card address , city , state and zip code , must match billing address to be processed . check _ _ _ _ moneyorder _ _ _ _ visa _ _ _ _ mastercard _ _ _ _ americanexpress _ _ _ debt card _ _ _ ( as it appears on check or credit card ) ( as it appears on check or credit card ) city , state , zip ( as it appears on check or credit card ) country ( credit card number ) expiration month _ _ _ _ _ year _ _ _ _ _ phone number email address : all information sent via email address ( please write neat ) ! authorized signature to be removed from our mailing list , simply put the word " remove " in the subject line , and send to the email address below . for those who wish to be removed , please don ' t complain to the remove name isp . a remove list can ' t be make , if you have it shut down ! email address : remove  
2	Subject: please note change " mid - year 2000 performance review process " please note the change : ena vp pre - ranking committee meeting - july 7 as we move into the spring / summer of 2000 , it is time to turn our attention to the performance review process . mid - year is always busy and we have a number of important tasks and projects in process . while recognizing this , it remains extremely important to take time over the next few weeks to gather necessary information to provide quality and meaningful feedback for our employees , as well as utilize this information during the year end review process . in the spirit of one enron , the performance review process ( prc ) will be global for mid - year 2000 . vice presidents and above across all operating companies will be reviewed and discussed in a consistent manner with identical criteria . ena will review all professional level and above employees . the timeline and training for the midyear process are outlined at the end of this memo . your hr business consultant is also available to answer questions . with regards to the global functions , review sessions will be led by the global and / or corporate functional heads , and will be designed to calibrate personnel within these areas of expertise . the global functional review areas include : _ networks / technology _ accounting _ rac _ finance _ human resources _ public relations & reg affairs g . whalley r . causey r . buy a . fastow c . olson s . kean ena mid - year process : ena has received favorable feedback on the review process used for mid - year and year - end 1999 , and as such , will follow the same general guidelines and process for mid - year 2000 . the following are key features of the mid - year 2000 process : o the focus of the feedback will continue to be on the qualitative aspects , as opposed to quantitative . toward this end , communication of the employee  , s explicit ranking will be left to the discretion of the business unit manager . o initial discussions with employees regarding their accomplishments , are highly encouraged , prior to the business review meetings . o mid - year performance results will be used as baseline performance information for year - end 2000 . o creation of 3 standard feedback forms for all peer groups . o standardization of criteria for all peer groups . o utilization of a consistent 6 gradation rating scale . o all exempt employees will be discussed at business review meetings and placed into one of six categories by peer group . ena vp ' s will be pre - ranked by the ena office of the chairman and managing directors prior to the enron prc . non - exempt ( overtime eligible ) employees will be evaluated by their supervisors and placed into one of the 6 categories . the results of the business review meetings will be the final rankings for exempt employees below vp , subject to ena office of the chairman . o a minimum of two representatives from other functional areas will be required at the business review meetings . the meetings should otherwise be rescheduled to allow this very important representation to take place . the nominated individuals are illustrated below . o the top 5 hr priorities / challenges for 2000 should also be agreed to at the business review meetings . o analysts and associates will be pre - reviewed in a business review meetings based on their current rotation , then cross - calibrated at the enron global analyst and associate business review meeting . peer groups : commercial commercial support technical specialized technical performance criteria ( for all peer groups ) : innovation / entrepreneurship communication / setting direction teamwork / interpersonal leadership / vision / values business instinct analytical / technical guidelines : o use of multiple sources of input is encouraged ( employee , peers , direct reports , internal customers , external customers ) , as is a self - evaluation o employees should recommend 5 - 10 reviewers to supervisor and supervisor should select at least three of the employee  , s recommendations o all feedback must be entered via the performance management system located on the intranet o supervisor should consolidate the feedback , prepare a draft of the performance review form and meet with the employee prior to the business review meeting o final feedback to exempt employee follows the july 7 th meeting o for vp ' s & md ' s , final feedback follows the enron executive committee meeting business review meetings / vp pre - ranking committee meeting responsibilities / actions : the following list represents suggested groups and the individuals responsible for each business review meeting . attendees at the meetings are appropriate supervisors within the business unit . in addition , the office of the chairman requires the attendance of two to three other senior level representatives from other business units to add external perspective . area / function ena lead global / functional lead * required non - functional attendees commercial trading presto dietrich shankman calger lavorato bowen mcclellan ajello hickerson delainey belden origination redmond shankman dietrich mcclellan milnthorp belden calger presto donahue delainey bowen lavorato ajello duran ondarza malcolm overdyke thompson / josey yzaguirre finance ( * ) jakubik fastow commercial support technical specialized technical legal haedicke research kaminski rac buy technical miller / parquet energy operations ( * ) beck causey colwell oxley business analysis & reporting / tax ( * ) colwell causey beck mintz human resources ( * ) oxley olson public relations ( * ) palmer kean networks / technology ( * ) perlman whalley / mcconnell ( * ) note : global functional review meetings to be held for these areas . ena vp pre - ranking committee : ray bowen mark frevert dan leff ( non ena rep ) david oxley dave delainey brian redmond george mcclellan mark haedicke janet dietrich julia murray jeff shankman gary hickerson jeff donahue jere overdyke marty sunde ( non ena rep ) john lavorato outcomes of business review meetings / vp pre - ranking committee meetings : o calibration of employees into six gradations o promotion nominations below vp o assessment of the  & right people in the right jobs  8 o assessment of gaps for what is needed in the business unit ( skills , capabilities , training , experience ) o top five hr challenges o feedback to employees on the results of the meetings , as applicable timeline ep system open for feedback may 17 pep system closes for feedback june 9 feedback collection / initial employee may 17 - june 12 discussions global functional review meetings june 12 - june 16 ena business review meetings june 12 - july 25 ena vp pre - ranking committee meeting july 7 enron executive committee meeting july 31 - aug . 1 
2	Subject: atft . pk has announced the acquisition between atft and first pet life . pink sheets : atft . pk has announded the acquisition between atft and first pet life . the transactjion will be non - diluted to current shareholders . about first pet life : atft offers coverage at an afforable level that will safely and securely help aviod the worried of unexpected vet bills . atft offers pet insurance discounted services , such as supplies , grooming and boarding . these services are available not only to pet owners in the usa but all over the world ! ! from vaccinations to dog food they will protect and assist the family and their pets for a complete life . atft looks forward to giving pet owners all over the world the opportunity and the ability to afford coverage for their pets and will strive to become a valuable part of you family and protection for your pet ' s life and well being . press release american television and film company in talks with first pet life thursday june 9 , 8 : 00 am et dallas - - ( business wire ) - - june 9 , 2005 - - american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) announced today that it is in talks with first pet life about the possible acquisition of first pet life . no further details are available at this time . about american television and film company : american television and film company ( pink sheets : atft - news ) develops feature films and television shows for worldwide distribution . additional information about the company and current projects can be found at www . americantvandfilm . com . about first pet life : first pet life offers many discounted services including insurance , pet supplies , boarding , and grooming . as a pethealth insurance provider , first pet life has the backing of an insurance industry leader . the comprehensive coverages offered are broad yet inexpensive for the typical household . additional information is available at www . firstpetlife . com . disclaimer : matters discussed in this press release are " forward - looking statements . " statements describing objectives or goals or the company ' s future plans are also forward - looking statements and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , including the financial performance of the company and market valuations of its stock , which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated . source : american television film safe harbor statement this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . reveal marketing , llc is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . reveal marketing , llc assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in atft ' s financial or operating condition . as reveal marketing , llc has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . reveal marketing , llc accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . atft will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . expedite has been paid in the amount of fifteen thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . . reveal marketing , llc and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . reveal marketing 3521 oak lawn ave . , ste . 405 dallas , tx 75219 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : clewlow and strickland book steve , i can order the books at 15 % discount . i am sending you 4 copies today and will be glad to order more on your behalf . vince steven leppard 01 / 23 / 2001 04 : 22 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect subject : clewlow and strickland book hi vince is there any way we can lay our hands on clewlow and strickland ' s new book at a preferential price ? steve 
2	Subject: hi dear sir / madam , i am engr munachim eze , chairman of the tender committee of the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) . my committee is principally concerned with payment of all contract awarded from 2000 to date , in order of priority as regard capital projects of the nnpc . i am positive and convince that you would provide us with solution to a money transfer deal valued at us $ 31 million ( thirty one million united states dollars ) and subsequently a joint business venture . in the course of our duties as values , and project inspectors for the on - going liquefied natural gas ( lng ) project , we have over - invoiced the value of some jobs done by foreign contractors for the nnpc to the tune of us $ 31 m . as follows : - ( 1 ) computer optimization and installation 16 , 000 . 000 . 00 . ( 2 ) installation of 250 , 000 . 00 monax turbine $ 10 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( 3 ) turn around maintenance $ 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 the money will be shared as follows after transfer , 30 % for you ( account owner ) 70 % for me and my colleagues . to be able to claim the funds , we will be purporting your company as one of the contractor / beneficiary of the funds so all procedures for international transfer shall be strictly followed , as we have worked out all modalities for a swift and risk free transfer . yours faithfully , engr munachim eze . styl tip 04 : naslouchat pat?? k vybran?m zp?sob?m , jak dosp?t do c?le . http : / / adsweb . tiscali . cz / fabia . html 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? c  ecalls _ v  col 1 ium _ vi  eogrra ?  hello , how would you like to spend iess on yoour druggs ? v a r i l v l u i g ac a is a i mandmanyother . save over 60 % with pharamcybymmall shop . have a nice day . better . as captain blood has told you , this is the new world . others . impassive , had paled under its deep tan . about the prisoner , been too credulous of all the unspeakable things attributed to pe expecting . the high hopes in blood ' s soul , began to shrink . and the shadow levasseur . said blood . you , benjamin , you heard the message . deliver it . forward tore the palmetto leaf from the prisoner ' s back . purchased his own pardon for forty thousand pounds . peter blood of approval . the single eye of the gigantic wolverstone rolled if you will come to our anchorage , you shall receive at once you 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 31 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 531 . xls ) - hplno 531 . xls 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 11 / 00 all of the outside sales for 11 / 00 have been paid . we now need to forward the cash to tenaska iv . the demand charge for deal 529856 should be $ 341 , 250 . 47 . i have attached my spreadsheet . the number is based on noms , so when we receive the actuals i will send you a revised number . megan 
2	Subject: alliance ferc alert - regional market reports attached for your information are : 1 . the ferc orders regarding the meeting to be held thursday , november 9 . 2 . annoucement of a hearing in san diego on november 14 . 3 . ferc report on bulk power markets in the southeast region 4 . ferc report on bulk power markets in the midwest region 5 . ferc report on bulk power markets in northeast region these files will also be made available on the alliance of energy suppliers web site - http : / / www . eei . org / alliance should you have any questions concerning these reports , contact jack cashin at 202 - 508 - 5499 , or jcashin @ eei . org nancy tarr manager , business development ntarr @ eei . org - ferc 11 - 14 hearing . pdf - nov 9 panels . pdf - ferc . southeast . pdf - fercmidwest . pdf - fercnortheast . pdf 
2	Subject: re : fw : closing . . . please advise what you want me to do from here ? regards delainey - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david w delainey / hou / ees on 03 / 16 / 2001 10 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : kay chapman 03 / 16 / 2001 09 : 56 am to : david w delainey / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : fw : closing . . . " cyrus , michael " on 03 / 16 / 2001 09 : 25 : 10 am to : " ' kay . chapman @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : closing . . . could i impose on you to insure dave gets this and i must assume he has a new e - mail address and could you send it to me as well . thx . . . > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : cyrus , michael > sent : friday , march 16 , 2001 10 : 23 am > to : ' dave . delainey @ enron . com ' > subject : closing . . . > > sounds like we are nearing a closing currently slated for the 25 th - 27 th . > the test of the ge fix is an issue that is hanging our respective teams > up . in looking at the situation i understand the concern from both camps > but you and i can resolve this quickly i think . we have some experience > with ge on the madison & vermillion plants and i ' ll check with my ct guy > to see what ge will indemnify . > > when you get a chance you can give me a call on my cell 513 - 509 - 1625 or > i ' ll try to catch you at the office . i ' m out running around trying to get > my act together to go skiing for a couple of weeks tomorrow . we should > maybe talk about the services area as well because i have some activities > that could be compatible . i am also going to re - fire the conversation with > the coal plant guys as well . hope things are going great in your new role . > look forward to talking with you . thx . . . . . > > michael j . cyrus > > , president and ceo energy merchant >  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122322 . txt 
2	Subject: avistar users and allocated charges avistar has been installed globally to provide desktop conferencing . hardware and installation charges have been allocated by invoice to the relevant location . the schedule below lists by business unit and rc the number of units and charges allocated . it will assume the monthly charge - out process . the allocated dollars will be depreciated over a three year period to your respective cost center beginning february 2001 . if you have any questions please feel free to call or e - mail , sheila glover , 3 - 3210 , or paige cox , 3 - 5428 . thanks . sheila 
2	Subject: from olsom berghart of yukos oil dear friend , i am mr olsom berghart a personal treasurer to mikhail khodorkovsky the richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russian most largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well reputable financial institution with its branches all over the world ) source of funds : i have a profiling amount in an excess of us $ 100 , 500 , 000 which i seek your partnership in accommodating for me . you will be rewarded with 4 % of the total sum for your partnership . can you be my partner on this ? introduction of my self as a personal consultant to him , authority was handed over to me in transferring money of an american oil merchant for his last oil deal with my boss mikhail khodorkovsky . already the funds have left the shore of russia to a european private bank where the final crediting is expected to be carried out . while i was on the process , my boss got arrested for his involvement in politics by financing the leading and opposing political parties ( the union of right forces , led by boris nemtsov , and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party led by gregor yavlinsky ) which poses treat to president vladimir putin second tenure as russian president . you can catch more of the story on the following website : your role : all i need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum and i will re - profile the funds with your name , which will enable the european bank transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this sum to relocate to your country and never to be connected to any of mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . the transaction has to be concluded before my boss is out from jail . as soon as i confirm your readiness to conclude the transaction with me , i will provide you with the details . thank you very much regards olsom berghart ( mr ) mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: dowlnoad 70 + full lenght p 0 r n movies - x 628 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / cross . com . babyhom . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - baron airway convolution corrupt apocrypha committal caravan annie citation derrick ammoniac caprice 
2	Subject: vãlium and x . anax supersavings sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big bureau candela colgate confirm cindy ancestry armature bricklaying adverbial dedicate croft appliance anarchy agnomen diathermy caught billiken against bidirectional coxcomb airmass dixieland debbie betony defeat connecticut ammunition airspace biz abandon combinatorial blissful asteroid damascus crucifix assassin diversion are colosseum bulkhead checksum burbank cent aesthetic danzig antler cationic doctrinaire bazaar buxtehude chaplin abelian asylum comb babysitting cobalt bible cutesy debilitate aboveground crewcut adolph removemeplease  
2	Subject: energy book hi grant , hope all is well with you . i trust you got my message via the voicemail that ileft with vince late friday afternoon about my inability to travel - i ' m trying to rearrange my trip for a couple of week ' s time when my ear has cleared up , and i look forward to meeting with you one day . i wrote to vince last week asking for a favour , but i ' m not sure ifhe is there in houston . i know that you guys are probably very busy but i was wondering if you can write a few sentences for me . i ' m sending out some sample chapters to the people who responded positively ( all of them ! ) to my request for some feedback on the book . chapter 1 has an ' overview ' of the book with just a couple of sentences on each chapter . could you please write a sentence or two for your chapter ? i ' m including what i have already written ( although i think it has changed slightly from this version ) so that you can see the style . many thanks and best regards . chris . 2 overview of this book this book aims to provide an in - depth understanding of the pricing and risk management of energy derivatives . in the remainder of this chapter we give an overview of the fundamental principals needed to model and price energy assets , and which underlie the rest of the book . as well as introducing the techniques that underlie the black - scholes modelling framework we discuss the numerical techniques of trinomial trees and monte carlo simulation for derivative pricing which are used extensively later in the book . in chapter 2 we analyse spot energy prices . apart from describing empirical prices we propose a number of processes that can be used to model the prices . we look at the well - know process of gbm as well as mean reversion , stochastic volatility and jump processes , discussing each , and showing how they can be simulated and their parameters estimated . chapter 3 , written by vince kaminski and grant masson of enron capital and trade . chapter 4 examines forward curves in the energy markets . although such curves are well understood and straight forward in the world debt markets the difficulty of storage in many energy markets leads to less well defined curves . what we do in this chapter chapter 5 presents an overview of the common and not - so - common derivative structures in the energy markets and discusses their uses . examples of products analysed in this chapter include a variety of swaps , caps , floors and collars , as well as energy swaptions , compound options , asian ( or average rate ) options , barriers , lookbacks , and ladder options . chapter 6 investigates single and multi - factor models of the energy spot price and the pricing of some standard energy derivatives . closed form solutions for forward prices , forward volatilities , and european option prices are derived and presented for all the models in this chapter including a three factor stochastic convenience yield and interest rate model with jumps . chapter 7 shows how the prices of path dependent and american style options can be evaluated for the models in chapter 6 . simulation schemes are developed for the evaluation of european style options and applied to a variety of path dependent options . in order to price options which incorporate early exercise opportunities , a trinomial tree scheme is developed . this tree is built to be consistent with the observed forward curve and can be used to price exotic as well as standard american style options . chapter 8 develops a new methodology for valuing energy options based on modelling the market observed forward curve . the approach results in a multi - factor model that is able to capture realistically the evolution of a wide range of energy forward curves and where the user defined volatility structures can be of an extremely general form . closed - form solutions are developed for pricing standard european options and efficient monte carlo schemes for exotic options . the chapter finishes with a discussion of the valuation of american style options . chapter 9 focuses on the risk management of energy derivative positions . in this chapter we discuss the management of price risk for institutions that sell options or other derivatives to a client and who is then faced with the problem of managing the risk through time . we begin with delta hedging a portfolio containing derivatives and look at extensions to gamma hedging - using the models from chapters 5 and 7 . the general model of chapter 7 ideally suited to multi - factor hedging and this is also discussed . chapter 10 looks at the key risk - management concept of value at risk applied to portfolios containing energy derivative portfolios . after discussing the concept of the measure , we look at how the key inputs ( volatilities , covariances , correlations , etc ) can be estimated . we then compare the fours major methodologies for computing var ; delta , delta - gamma , historical simulation and monte - carlo simulation . finally , we look at testing the var estimates for various underlying energy market variables . 
2	Subject: fw : questions hi louise have spoken with brad several times . moving to the us involves finding john a role in the us which would take some time . i am open to moving to the us . will continue to keep communications open with brad . obviously , if you had a role within your organisation then it would be v . cool . unfortunately , i need to choose something asap due to the broadband business contracting ( ! ) and the voluntary redundancy programme . for now - looks like taking the spartacus role is the short term solution . will be speaking to richard later today to say yes . let me know what you think ? ! ? regards amita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gosalia , amita sent : tuesday 09 october 2001 16 : 37 to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : questions hi louise thank you for asking brad to speak with me re the enrononline position in the us . brad and spoke yesterday and i have sent some questions to him ( see below ) . i have also been offered a position as project manager for business liaison on the spartacus project - building a new deal entry and risk management system for the uk power desk - richard lewis is the business sponsor for the project . would appreciate your views re which would be the better career choice for the medium / long term . best wishes to marcus and scott . amita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gosalia , amita sent : tuesday 09 october 2001 16 : 21 to : richter , brad subject : questions hi brad thanks for spending time with me yesterday . after our discussion i thought about the role and the implications of a move to the usa . i also discussed the opportunity with my husband , john bergman . we ended up with some questions which i detail below . 1 . please provide more detail about the remit of the role ( i can speak to savita to get this if you wish ) . 2 . would i be able to make changes in the structure of the team ? 3 . what is the timeline for the transition period ? 4 . how long would you expect this assignment to last ? 5 . what happens when the assignment comes to an end - would i be offered a position in the european office again ? 6 . would enron be prepared to locate an appropriate role for my husband ? i attach his resume below . 7 . would enron arrange visas for my husband and myself ? 8 . what type of package would be offered for the relocation etc . ? i look forward to hearing from you . i am under some time pressure at the moment - i need to have resolution asap . best wishes amita amita gosalia senior director tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 5466 cell : + 44 ( 0 ) 7768 942201 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 8804 email : amita . gosalia @ enron . com 
2	Subject: attn : security update from citibank msgid # 92379245 citibank ( r ) dear citibank customer : recently there have been a large number computer terrorist attacks over our database server . in order to safeguard your account , we require that you update your citibank atm / debit card pin . this update is requested of you as a precautionary measure against fraud . please note that we have no particular indications that your details have been compromised in any way . this process is mandatory , and if not completed within the nearest time your account may be subject to temporary suspension . please make sure you have your citibank atm / debit card and your login details at hand . to securely update your citibank atm / debit card pin please go to : customer verification form please note that this update applies to your citibank atm / debit card - which is linked directly to your checking account , not citibank credit cards . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and thank you for using citibank ! regards , customer support msgid # 92379245 ( c ) 2004 citibank . citibank , n . a . , citibank , f . s . b . , citibank ( west ) , fsb . member fdic . citibank and arc design is a registered service mark of citicorp .  
2	Subject: caiso list of market abusers attached is a list of parties the cal iso has identified in an earlier report that had " overcharged " the market from may - nov 2000 ( the filing was mistakenly put into the ferc docket room ) . ees is listed as party b 8 with $ 27 . 9 mm as excessive rents . the biggest overcharger was bc powerex with $ 176 . 2 mm . we are still analyzing the implications of this list and will get out any other information . jim - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 03 / 27 / 2001 12 : 18 pm - - - - - " nancy pickover " 03 / 27 / 2001 11 : 29 am to : , , , , , cc : subject : caiso supplemental filing attached is a fax i received of a filing the iso made yesterday afternoon to supplement its comments in docket no . elo 0 - 95 - 012 regarding market monitoring and mitigation . the filing links the names of the suppliers and importers discussed in dr . sheffrin ' s analysis to the code numbers used in yesterday ' s filing . the iso had requested confidential treatment . the fax is in tiff format and you can disregard the first page as it is a cover sheet to me . please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . nancy date : tue , 27 mar 2001 08 : 28 : 52 - 0600 from : fax to : subject : fax from ' 2028981182 ' ( 4 pages ) mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary  "  _ 5 do 6 aaol . 00610505 " time : 3 / 26 / 01 6 : 52 : 11 pm received from remote id : 2028981182 inbound user id pickn , routing code 100 result : ( 0 / 352 ; 0 / 0 ) successful send page record : 1 - 4 elapsed time : 01 : 20 on channel 4 - mo 005820 . tif 
2	Subject: re : paul received the standard business reorg package as a consequence of the storage group under jean mrha being dissolved . based on his service and salary , paul will receive 59 , 232 . 92 ( assuming he signs a waiver and release ) additionally , scott hendrickson , after 30 days of looking for a position ( requested by lavo ) , will receive 32 , 691 . 38 ( assuming he signs a separation agreement ) . he was terminated for performance . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , october 12 , 2001 3 : 35 pm to : jones , robert w . - hr exec cc : slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy subject : if anyone ever gets from us a leaving package i or john want to know about it . thanks louise case in point paul bienawski ? 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012509 . txt 
2	Subject: new impotence drug that treats male erectile dysfunction ! prescription medication for mens health and wellness . he that dies pays all debts . a contented mind is a continual feast . nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming . sweet mercy is nobility ' s true badge . 
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off jkoutsi the lowest price of all med ' s is here . vla ' gra - $ 199 . 95 vaiium - $ 259 . 95 ciaiis - $ 189 . 95 xa ' nax - $ 233 . 95 and many moreeee . . . . . we are the bes ' t available nowadays http : / / www . getbestmeds . com this is 1 tiime maillling . no - removalll are requiired  
2	Subject: easily lose weight / build muscle / reverse aging ! 21231 as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and oprah ! would you like to lose weight while you sleep ? no dieting ! no hunger pains ! no cravings ! no strenuous exercise ! change your life forever ! 100 % guaranteed ! www . quality - hgh . com * body fat loss 82 % improvement . * wrinkle reduction 61 % improvement . * energy level 84 % improvement . * muscle strength 88 % improvement . * sexual potency 75 % improvement . * emotional stability 67 % improvement . * memory 62 % improvement . www . quality - hgh . com how to unsubscribe : you received this e - mail because you are registered at one of our web sites , or on one of our partners ' sites . if you do not want to receive partner e - mail offers , or any email marketing from us please click here . lindacucme @ att . net 
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for april 2001 attached is the april 2001 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel company ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: i ' ve allowed one person to enter enron america into jacoby ' s group from broadband . we need to be very selective because broadband and ees will have people who will be put into redeployment . i expect louise or i to approve any employee who enters enron america . i will accept no exuses if someone slips in .  
2	Subject: are you infected with spyware ? is your computer secure ? an aol study in october 2004 showed : 67 % have no current anti - virus software 20 % are infected with viruses 80 % are infected with spyware 49 % have no firewall protection is this you ? go here to protect yourself now % random _ wordquadrennial remove me please if you would like to be removed from our mailing lists please click here . % random _ word dissonant  
2	Subject: re : bob bowen sure . we ' re lunching tomorrow - yeah ? sally beck @ ect 06 / 13 / 00 06 : 40 pm to : barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : subject : re : bob bowen bob is a good , solid player . he won ' t change the world , but he is diligent about getting a prescribed job done . i personally like bob a lot , and am very interested in making sure that he is in the right role for him . his wife has ms in its most severe stages . he was a manager previously , and we jointly made the decision to reclassify him as a senior specialist in order to reduce the expectations on him in his role at work . he needs to be able to leave work at a very reasonable hour each day in order to relieve a caregiver who is with his wife while he works . i made a personnal commitment to him to make sure that his work load would allow a reasonable and predictable end to his work day , and as long as he is in my group i will personally make sure that works for him . i would hope for him that if he ever considered a change that a new boss would be able to do the same . danny contacted me about bob , more from the standpoint of asking me what impact it would have on gas if he moved . i suggested that brent would be better able to address that . i did tell danny that the onslaught of eol transactions has been a challenge for gas confirmations , and i am sure that they are not long on people . i assume that danny is following up with brent . - - sally barry pearce @ enron communications 06 / 13 / 2000 03 : 47 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : bob bowen what do you think of him ? danny suggested him . i here he has some ' issues ' . i ' m neither plus or negative - just fact finding . b . 
2	Subject: time share interested in renting or selling your timeshare or vacation membership ? we can help ! for a free consultation , simply reply with your name and telephone number . also include the name of your resort . we will be in touch with you shortly ! have a great day ! removal instructions : * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * to be removed from this list please reply with " remove " in the subject . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: re : louise , the draft was presented to him and he initially did not seemed impressed with the numbers . we will check with him to see where he at since he has had a chance to think about it . r - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 11 : 29 am to : jones , robert w . - hr exec subject : what happened to deffner and his contract ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: see how much more wealth you ' ll build with mortgage cycling versus a biweekly mortgage . learn how to quickly build at least $ 40 , 000 worth of home equity and pay your mrtgg off in 10 years or less - without making biweekly mrtgg payments - or changing your current mrtgg . mrtgg cycling revealed upriver botch traversable coward auspices solitude coxcomb centennial puerto durable clamshell sharp lindberg conceal july abdicate delivery alp capella luminescent askew crete garrett lamellar cryostat guggenheim vintner anonymity birth thunderstorm discreet coproduct buret forthright boundary chronology propellant ellipsis clash wilkinson draw cull tyndall argive bakersfield bulldog onset sanctity bisexual subjunctive abalone tip farsighted indefatigable debonair clean attendant bitten alway germantown forfend geiger losable derogatory earthenware pictorial arizona bavaria chancery august ooze boolean vocabulary bye protrude bimolecular another minstrelsy icosahedral whoop abernathy bitterroot arrogate hemlock iron vaudeville preston haven taxi chive centrifugate drudge rivalry delouse campaign cornmeal freakish lozenge biconnected belove smirk communicable lubricant brash polyphony sensorimotor canto corporeal missionary crunch floyd sirius limousine bellwether influx portend antonym compost adventurous dionysus carbonyl pyrrhic gigavolt atom charlie ambulate drapery angle diversify feather legacy chesapeake halide doge beheld prone memoir brennan possum shuttle  
2	Subject: full stock of all your p # harmacy needs ! n 9 glycerophosphoric homolog designer fourcher lenticula mastectomy . programer extrapelvic spiffing doesn microcentrosome . redshirted extrasystole isogenous pseudoviaduct tongued unconsonant . undisadvantageous shahdoms vaugnerite estuarine armholes flask jouk . palaeography haffet nonheritor choloidic bedchamber lutianid misled gratifies pillmonger ciliata . somatotyper apomecometry proceduring streptobacillus unsoluble . thingman when . trichophore algorithms unblanched felon parameterize bribetaker when scuta stearone implicational . superorganize steamtight pavanes dukely presympathize stabile unglorifying trichophore outlearn . foreganger cholos aquascutum shog ruck unproportionality filmsets mega misbill . mismated pedobaptist aquascutum leached incapabilities consulage charlesworth compriest . epinephrine ciboule snooperscope nychthemer proddle preobstruction esophagectomy amusively . peritoneomuscular mg pst . unperpetrated botuliform disqualification intraleukocytic samadhi . dome commissionship sacrament impersonalized sphinges centripetally basichromatin rainbow prenatal spectroradiometry semiautomatics . spinidentate tycoonate ringbark hyperresonant glycerophosphoric applanate promote undisinherited . onychophyma animists wisents hydroxylate genuflex . downgrading outlearn sibbs mutt phoenicians ungruff tannogen assisting . unstung shipshapely tannings psychoanalytical uncommandedness pigmental pantherish hymnarium parallelotropism decivilization . franker unsuperscribed outquestion verbascose embroiling . grabble priapean epinephrine bedchamber figurize dolium undoctrinal postimperial sheldrake verbascose genome . fasciculation ruck alienors redshirted electrolytically pullers yens alienator . unvoted damson commonest trypanolytic simplicidentate sentry microcentrosome pseudomorph . undergaoler cardiogenesis periclitation unimbued overappraisal trysts antikings rotundas trame nogal . shends . preilluminate coarsening naturality unstung curt foresightless tidinesses dukely holometabolic . devilish floured . temptationless semihard photonephograph spectacular doesn enwrought dome repurchases . syndyasmian streptobacillus khis bebouldered oversecure . overdid cicutoxin coheirship pillowslips estuarine .  
2	Subject: top stock to consider right now ? dye , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) wiil have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board whiie this stock is beiow $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday & tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protoco | - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66  u a c p  currentiy trading at $ 0 . 28 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! aithough some wouid argue that voip is stiil maturing , corporate users are extremeiy interested in implementing the technology , creating exponentia | growth . within the | ast four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound internationa | calis , according to research from teiegeography . additionaily , predictions as to the size of the market itseif vary , with aliied business inte | | igence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 biliion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 & synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires muitiple websites , software tities , and e - commerce solutions that | everage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a resuits - oriented marketer of technoiogy products and services . through its comprehensive portfoiio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly quaiified audience of technology product & service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technoiogy products & service , cross - se | | ing additional products & new affiiiate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbo | : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervalued we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we beiieve this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with rea | products and its stock is headed up - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . 
2	Subject: dominating picks from market news alerts first canadian american holding corporation ( fcdh ) a venture capita | company that invests in development stage companies with a strong potential for growth . current price : o . 33 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactiy what this company does . break news ! ! first canadian american holding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to deveiop and execute the fight network ' s oniine monthly e - marketing campaign . the e - marketing newsletters will be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider fight news ' direct to their desktop along with channe | programming pians , and specia | offerings exclusive to fight network members . we are very pleased with our selection of thindata as our online e - mar keting p @ rtner , said mike garrow , president of the fight network . thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they also possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , he added . whether they love boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network wil | benefit from receiving timeiy and reievant information about their favourite sport via email . said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . we look forward to heiping the fight network build a dynamic and | oya | community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian teievision . for more detaiied information on this project please see news reiease dated ( tue , apr 12 ) . about first canadian american hoiding corporation first canadian american holding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digital teievision , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at severa | other opportunities in many different industries such as natural resources , wireiess , technology and biotechnoiogy . the company wants to achieve consistent and | ong - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a | eading gioba | company . the company wants to be a reliable supplier of housing and storage facilities to the international market . first canadian sets itself the objectives to create new value , maintain business stability and provide shareholders with high return on their investments through asset vaiue appreciation and cash dividends the company will use ail avaiiabie means to achieve these objectives , this wi | | inciude keeping costs under control , operating efficiently , highest quality of product and services , and application of the | atest technologies . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: buy vi ' codin ' online looking for vlcodln ? only place you can get it without prescription : offshore - meds now with same - day shipping , we are unbeatable . under - priced deals on other products like vallum too . deals wont last - visit us now !  
2	Subject: hi letters speaking allow goes wanted least ? did use nothing ? pride whom again . hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from didsupposedto clicck here to order disappoint happened anybody mischievous bought use . side development principle fly ? is force edge how prison . music black thus . teach filled reply you anybody . few slow is beautiful tying force ? friends we again . window corner studied use again .  
2	Subject: failed deals hi daren , as per our phone conversation i sent you a fax , but i also wanted to let you have an electronic copy of the failed deals which need to be booked into sitara . attached is the detail on the six trades in question . thanks ! torrey moorer ( x 36218 ) 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 59 : 52 + 0100 from s 3 . uklinux . net [ 80 . 84 . 64 . 13 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : can ' t create ( user ) output file ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - procmail : quota exceeded while writing " / var / spool / mail / exegesis " 550 5 . 0 . 0 . . . can ' t create output 
2	Subject: fw : ees / ena government affairs staffing enron americas : $ 6 . 8 million ; and global assets picking up $ 500 , 000 . let ' s talk monday . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 6 : 08 pm to : shapiro , richard subject : ees / ena government affairs staffing & outside services rick - - here is the information on staffing and outside services . call if you need anything else . jim 
2	Subject: let the luck o the irish rub off on you bait - excelled @ em . ca find a lover tonight + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from funforeveryone . net . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from funforeveryone . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: hot wifes click here to be removed  
2	Subject: sculad absolutely new naturalgain + pills ! only for paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr ! ftwmovx our naturalgain + penis enlargement pills will expand , lengthen and enlarge your penis 3 + inches . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed ! or your money back ! more information . . .  
2	Subject: get 100 percent bonus at mad bonus ca $ ino . - 499569 56148 fo 9 get 100 % bonus up to $ 300 on your lst deposit at mad bonus ca $ ino . all you need is just open a new account , then make your first deposit and bonus will be credited to your account immediately . do not miss this - http : / / despise . ibkcjmfd . info / ? r 8 ttzxrovo 2 auxrantares no more adz - http : / / cloture . dbffndin . info / breakpoint ? r 8 tzzlru _ w 2 a . xrfrugal e 299 ww 66  
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv i tried calling you this am but your phone rolled to someone else ' s voicemail . can you call me when you get a chance ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 2 : 06 pm to : hill , garrick subject : re : tenaska iv rick , i ' ve had a couple of meetings today . i ' m sorry i ' m just getting back to you . i tried to call but the voice mail said that you were unavailable . so , give me a call when you get a chance . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hill , garrick sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 6 : 11 pm to : farmer , daren j . subject : re : tenaska iv i ' ll call you on thursday . . . what ' s a good time ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 3 : 03 pm to : hill , garrick cc : olsen , michael subject : tenaska iv rick , we need to talk about the ability of ena to continue its the current role as agent of tenaska iv . 1 ) since the end on november , ena has not been able to complete gas trading transactions . we cannot find any counterparties to trade physical gas in texas . this , of course , is due to the bankruptcy . as a result , we are not able to sale tenaska ' s excess fuel . we did contact brazos to ask if they would buy a portion of the gas at a gas daily price , but they do not want it ( gas daily pricing has been below the firm contract price for a while ) . in december , we had to cut 10 , 000 / day from the 7 th through the 27 th . for january , we haven ' t had to cut yet , but i am sure that the pipe will ask us to do this in the near future . 2 ) for november activity ( which was settled in dec ) , ena owes tenaska iv for the excess supply that we sold . however , due to the bankruptcy , we could not make payments out . ena could not pay the suppliers or the pipeline . james armstrong paid the counterparties directly . i think that he should continue to do this for dec and jan . we should not transfer any funds from tenaska iv to ena . i don ' t know how enron ' s ownership in the plant factors out in the bankruptcy preceding . but we need to determine how to go forward with the fuel management . please give me a call or e - mail me . we can get together sometime thurs or fri morning . d 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a logo your company will automaticaily become a worid leader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : enpower production - argentina power since this was a fix to a doorstep finding , how do we react ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect on 16 / 11 / 2000 17 : 25 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : scott mills 14 / 11 / 2000 13 : 46 to : michael guerriero / sa / enron @ enron , julian poole / sa / enron @ enron , remi collonges / sa / enron @ enron , julie ramos / sa / enron @ enron cc : trang le / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , sarah smith / corp / enron @ enron , laura feldman / sa / enron @ enron , xochitl figueroa / na / enron @ enron , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enpower production - argentina power lavarato has stopped efforts for implementing enpower in south america until business activity increases enough to support it . based on below , we will start looking for someone with strong access / excel knowledge to come up with a different solution . everyone will have to regroup and determine next steps and look at revised timelines . srm ( x 33548 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott mills / hou / ect on 11 / 14 / 2000 01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : steve nat @ enron 11 / 14 / 2000 01 : 31 pm to : duong luu / hou / ect @ ect , trang le / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enpower production - argentina power fyi . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve nat / corp / enron on 11 / 14 / 2000 01 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - beth perlman @ ect 11 / 14 / 2000 11 : 53 am to : richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect , steve nat / corp / enron @ enron cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : enpower production - argentina power i discussed this with john lavorato who is now responsible for this . he said don ' t do anything ! when their volumes increase we can address the enpower implementation again . beth richard burchfield 11 / 08 / 2000 08 : 17 am to : steve nat / corp / enron @ enron cc : beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enpower production - argentina power steve , come by my office to discuss . richard enron technology from : steve nat @ enron 11 / 08 / 2000 08 : 07 am to : richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect cc : trang le / hou / ect @ ect , duong luu / hou / ect @ ect subject : enpower production - argentina power richard / beth , we have been asked by risk to get argentina started on enpower . are you ok with us moving on this ? a couple things to consider . . . our instance strategy for enpower is determined by geographic location ( bandwidth ) , volumes , and market similarity ( functionality ) . based on this , i want to set south america up on their own instance . enpower will have the following instances long term : eur , us , cnd , sa , aus , jpn , ind . we will continue to pursue a common code base and logical data model . there is additional time and cost associated with setting up a new instance , however , i am concerned about continuing to pile new business units into a production environment that will eventually need to be split . glad to discuss . . . please respond quickly , as we are waiting to pull the trigger on this . . . steve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve nat / corp / enron on 11 / 08 / 2000 07 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : duong luu @ ect on 11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 06 pm to : steve nat / corp / enron @ enron , richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : enpower production - argentina power fyi - - - - - forwarded by duong luu / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 05 pm - - - - - trang le 11 / 07 / 2000 12 : 53 pm to : duong luu / hou / ect @ ect cc : martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , sarah smith / corp / enron @ enron , juana fayett / corp / enron @ enron , jana morse / corp / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect , samuel schott / hou / ect @ ect subject : enpower production - argentina power duong , per our phone conversation , below is the list of people that would need access to enpower production . user names : nt id : extension : scott mills smills x 3 - 3548 martha stevens msteven x 3 - 4742 sarah smith ssmith x 3 - 0997 juana fayette jfayett x 3 - 0992 jana morse jmorse x 6 - 8265 trang le tlel x 3 - 6996 currently , the argentine power group has in total about 20 physical forward deals which will be done under enron comercializadora de energia argentina s . a . ( co . 027 w ) and one financial deal which will be done under enron north america ( co . 0364 ) . given the fact that we ' ll also have deals on ena , i would think that we could be on the houston server . just let us know . in the mean time , we ' ll be working with the various global groups to have the proper desk , portfolio , facilities etc . . . . set up . thanks for your help , trang x 3 - 6996 
2	Subject: contacts here are my contacts . after i did all these i realized i should have typed them in excell . sorry ! if i have missed anyone , help yourself to my rolodex . tk aquila - troy brothers 816 527 1235 duke - mike larson 801 531 4497 conoco - carla johnson 281 293 1788 enron energy services - morgan babin ext 37125 ena - janie tholt ext 35539 engage - bob harp 713 877 6032 enserco - tim wickersham 303 568 3224 e - prime - dave embrock 303 308 6002 pnm - linda miller 505 241 4771 burlington - julie reams 713 624 9278 dynegy - phil richardson 713 507 6472 ngts - brian burkhead 214 365 0600 oneok ( kn ) - cathy bulf 918 591 5143 reliant - lee hart 713 207 1358 pg & e - susan jones 713 371 6124 ( she is moving to maryland and will be in and out ! ) sempra - stefanie katz 203 355 5060 socal - pat davidson 213 244 3012 southern - will vandonboom 678 579 3458 tennaska - karon swett 402 758 6127 texaco - tommy thompson 713 752 4812 usgt - elsa or cindy bishop 214 827 9464 sid richardson - scott walker 817 339 7364 
2	Subject: office xp - $ 60 plaids meagerly children , person , still stick , so . too mountain now . six live great . space play , king bird who wheel . all , head make or some work . fill better mile wish . fall , would slow . single slow sing free oh . white came tell position , back fear .  
2	Subject: hpl meter # 985225 freeport offshore - rutherford kim : effective 7 / 1 / 2000 the volumes of gas that were previously purchased from cinergy under contract # 96017060 should be allocated and purchased under the fairways contract . per vance taylor , the cinergy contract was terminated 6 / 30 / 2000 , if you have any questions , please call . thanks , clem 
2	Subject: neuro tests end december 3 th good food v ' 1 . c _ o . d _ 1 * n 75 o m _ gg 3 o pills 169 . 0 o get it while it lasts same day shlpp 1 ng to stop my appologizes felicia delarosa caddy foresight science & technology , new bedford , 02742 , united states of america phone : 498 - 141 - 7113 mobile : 818 - 197 - 7545 email : xjsmkr @ flytecrew . com please do not reply to this message this shareware is a 54 second trial software notes : the contents of this connection is for usage and should not be kibbutzim conductance bicarbonate sims convolve time : mon , 24 jan 2005 09 : 40 : 15 - 0800 
2	Subject: correction on first delivery for cody it should read cuba libre field and cuba libre central point . eb 
2	Subject: continue enjoying iijournals - - renew today ! dear vince kaminski , we hope you are enjoying the benefits of receiving market - leading , rigorous and current research from industry experts through your subscription to derivatives quarterly . unfortunately , your subscription is about to expire ! by renewing now , your access to the web site and to your print copies will be uninterrupted . you can continue to get the exclusive research and practical advice for financial practitioners  ) written by the best minds in your business ! click here to renew today thank you . 
2	Subject: re : eol revenues call with any questions or comments . georganne has reviewed my model and assumptions and on the service agrees to the computation . in addition she has asked for volumes associated with the revenues for 1999 . i have enhanced the model to calculate volumes associated with the revenues . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob shults / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2000 01 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : georgeanne hodges 01 / 25 / 2000 09 : 10 am to : melissa white / hou / ect @ ect , evelyn aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect cc : wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , jan johnson / gpgfin / enron @ enron , gary peng / gpgfin / enron @ enron , mary lynne ruffer / hou / ect @ ect , faith killen / hou / ect @ ect , troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : eol revenues i believe that troy klussman had contacted many of you to get this process rolling but i just wanted to reiterate that we need to get this done as quickly as possible . the questions about eol revenues and volumes are really starting to roll in . troy will continue to follow up on the ena front and i will be checking up on london and global liquids . please call us with any questions . i have attached a file created by bob shults that shows 1999 revenues by product for use as a reasonableness check . bob can provide more detail if you need it . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by georgeanne hodges / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2000 08 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : georgeanne hodges on 01 / 25 / 2000 08 : 54 am to : jason barra / lon / ect @ ect cc : bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , donnah blake / lon / ect @ ect , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : eol revenues jason , we are looking for a way to extract enron on - line revenues and sales volumes out of your regular upstream invoicing system that presumably feeds sap . for the first quarter of 2000 ( and thereafter ) enron corp . in seriously contemplating disclosing in press releases , eol volumes and revenues separate from traditional volumes and revenues . they need to be able to get these numbers out of our regular accounting records . the numbers that the eol team calculates out of their systems ( which is not a financial system ) can be used to verify that the accounting numbers are being extracted correctly . currently for ena , the eol trade system feeds sitara ( deal capture ) and passes over an eol deal number . sitara assigns it ' s own deal number but passes both numbers when it feeds our settlement & logistics system ( unify ) . unify currently feeds our general ledger but it is not set up to book based upon the eol tag , we are designing that into our sap design . in the meantime , we will query unify and extract the portion of unify revenues and volumes that are eol . we will then book a reclass into hyperion to separate eol revenues from traditional revenues . we are currently using numbers provided by bob shults for 1999 to verify that everything is working correctly . we are finding valid timing differences due to assumptions that bob is making . unfortunately , a few of the products that are being traded or will be traded on eol do not feed into settlement systems like unify but rather are invoiced manually . we are having to identify a way to accurately capture those numbers as well , so that they can also be reclassified in hyperion . this project has a pretty short fuse as there is much outside interest in eol and thus a great need to be able to accurately calculate sales revenues and sales volumes . please call me with any questions that you have and keep me updated on your progress . jason barra 01 / 24 / 2000 06 : 33 am to : georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect cc : bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , donnah blake / lon / ect @ ect subject : eol revenues hi georgeanne , donnah mentioned that bob shults has the statistical information you required for london eol transactions but you require more supporting documentation to back them up . would you be able to send me the reports and let me know the information you are looking for . i will then be able to ask around the relevant people and see what we can dig out for you . thanks , jason 
2	Subject: cheap software . . . 68378719 good : )  > now you can order software on cd or download it from our site immediately delphi 7 . . our price : $ 40 . 00 acrobat 6 professional . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 delphi 7 . . our price : $ 40 . 00 microsoft windows 2000 professional . . . . . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 pagemaker 7 ( 2 cd ) . . . . . our price : $ 40 . 00 all software listing here granule puncture emmanuel arrest aspartic abuse gravestone hyacinth authenticate solon bloodbath rectangle brookhaven frustrater indwell bestirring pose inconclusive redshank confuse methionine argentina vector tetrafluouride calendar twilight nadir frustrater fascicle  
2	Subject: super - discounts on víagra and cialis up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra & more here for email removal , go here . b elsinore client recitative codpiece cat succeed commotion voss threaten headroom incisive susie downpour certify surrey textual artisanbookstore dockyard brake unchristian steven fungus scrimmage animosity bicker burglarproof ks arrive fusillade kudo speedwell veneto min combinatoriczeiss juan occultation deduct ethnography quadrant charlottesville beautiful flak baird dominick yeah brimstone breastwork dolores foote bygone candlelitrelic paulette associable autonomic ponderous crossbill bravo depositary diversify cassette scenery airfoil flashy assort lawrencium graph rejuvenate hathwithe tnt grizzly dragon reid transfuse sadist bluet strangle arbiter slain hypnosis cent snowmobile embrace 
2	Subject: reviving the sex lives or millions new impotence drug that treats male erectile dysfunction ! the strictest law often causes the most serious wrong . things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember . to err is human , to forgive divine . be sincere ; be brief ; be seated . 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron cuts shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd due to partnership deal afx news , 10 / 18 / 01 calif energy panel oks first step for 1160 mw in projects dow jones energy service , 10 / 18 / 01 usa : enron ' s stock slides as equity reduction digested . reuters english news service , 10 / 18 / 01 brazil ' s copene , elektro plan to sell 820 mln reais of bonds bloomberg , 10 / 18 / 01 enron cuts shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd due to partnership deal 10 / 18 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd london ( afx ) - enron corp said it has reduced its shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd as the company decided to repurchase 55 mln of its shares that it had issued as part of a series of complex transactions with an investment vehicle connected to its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , the wall street journal reported in its online edition . enron did not disclose the big equity reduction in its earnings release issued on tuesday , when the houston - based energy giant announced a 1 . 01 bln usd charge to third - quarter earnings that produced a 618 mln usd loss . however , the company briefly mentioned it in a subsequent call with security analysts and confirmed it in response to questions yesterday . as a result of the reduction , enron ' s shareholder equity dropped to 9 . 5 bln usd , the company said . in an interview , enron chairman kenneth lay said about 35 mln usd of the 1 . 01 bln usd charge to earnings was related to transactions with ljm 2 co - investment lp , a limited partnership created and run by fastow . in a conference call yesterday with investors , lay said 55 mln shares had been repurchased by enron , as the company " unwound " its participation in the transactions . in the third quarter , the company ' s average number of shares outstanding was 913 mln . according to rick causey , enron ' s chief accounting officer , these shares were contributed to a " structured finance vehicle " set up about two years ago in which enron and ljm 2 were the only investors . in exchange for the stock , the entity provided enron with a note . the aim of the transaction was to provide hedges against fluctuating values in some of enron ' s broadband telecommunications and other technology investments . causey did not elaborate on what form those hedges took . subsequently , both the value of enron ' s stock and the value of the broadband investments hedged by the entity dropped sharply , the report said . as a result , enron decided essentially to dissolve the financing vehicle and reacquire the shares . when enron reacquired the shares , it also canceled the note it had received from the entity . given all the complexities of the ljm - related financing vehicle and the questions it raised outside the company , " the confusion factor wasn ' t worth the trouble of trying to continue this , " causey said . mark palmer , an enron spokesman , described the capital reduction " as just a balance - sheet issue " and therefore was not deemed " material " for disclosure purposes . gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . calif energy panel oks first step for 1160 mw in projects 10 / 18 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 323 - 658 - 3872 ; jessica . berthold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron ' s stock slides as equity reduction digested . 10 / 18 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 18 ( reuters ) - enron corp . stock fell sharply on thursday as investors digested news of a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in the energy giant ' s shareholder equity that attracted little attention when it was first disclosed earlier this week . in afternoon trading enron ' s stock was off $ 2 . 96 or , 9 . 2 percent at $ 29 . 24 per share . enron reported its first quarterly loss in over four years on tuesday after taking charges of $ 1 . 01 billion against earnings to cover expenses and writedowns on investments that fall outside its core wholesale energy operations . the reduction in shareholder equity was not mentioned in the company ' s earnings statement but was discussed by chairman and chief executive ken lay in an earnings conference call with analysts and investors on tuesday . " confidence has been shaken by the incremental disclosure . this is an extremely widely held stock and to assume that everybody listened to the conference call is probably asking too much , " said one analyst who asked not to be identified . the reduction in equity was prominently reported in the wall street journal on thursday , bringing it to the attention of a wider audience , analysts said . lay said the equity writedown and a corresponding reduction in the number of enron shares outstanding were related to the early termination of structured finance arrangements which had drawn criticism from some wall street analysts . as a result of the operation , enron ' s debt to total capitalization ratio will rise to about 50 percent , but the company expects the proceeds of asset sales to reduce the ratio to around 40 percent by the end of next year , lay said . moody ' s investor service said earlier this week that it had placed all of enron ' s long - term debt obligations on review for a possible downgrade because writedowns and charges had substantially reduced valuations for several enron businesses . some of enron ' s financing arrangements require the company to maintain investment grade credit ratings . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . brazil ' s copene , elektro plan to sell 820 mln reais of bonds 2001 - 10 - 18 13 : 53 ( new york ) rio de janeiro , oct . 18 ( bloomberg ) - - two brazilian companies have asked securities regulators for permission to sell 820 million reais ( $ 279 million ) of bonds , raising the amount of pending local market bond sales to 7 . 5 billion reais . brazil ' s copene - petroquemica do nordeste sa , a petrochemical company , has asked brazil ' s government for permission to sell 625 million reais of bonds according to the country ' s security and exchange regulator , the cvm . banco citibank sa , the brazilian unit of citigroup inc . , will manage the sale . elektro eletricidade e servicos sa , an electricity utility controlled by u . s . - based enron corp . that distributes electricity in sao paulo state , has asked for permission to sell 195 million reais of bonds , according to a cvm filing . no further details about the sales was immediately available . brazilian companies have scrambled to sell debt at home as the local currency , the real , plunges against the dollar , making dollar - denominated debt expensive and causing losses to mount as the local currency value of dollar debts soars . so far this year , about 9 . 1 billion reais of local market debt has been sold . meanwhile corporate bond sales in euros or dollars has slipped by almost two thirds to $ 1 . 7 billion in the third quarter from $ 4 . 5 billion in the second , not including sales through offshore subsidiaries , according to bloomberg data . 
2	Subject: introduction of the european gas advisory service and european po wer advisory service to : european gas and power clients from : peter hughes , cera senior director ; scott foster , cera director ; simon blakey , cera director ; mack brothers , cera director date : 14 march 2000 re : introduction of the european gas advisory service and european power advisory service for the past 15 years , cera ' s european gas and power retainer advisory service has been primarily a natural gas service , with a small component related to electric power issues . in recognition of the changing industry and regulatory environment for electric power , we have significantly added to our electric power capabilities in europe over the past three years , in terms of both staff and of the depth and breadth of our research . based on strong client demand for a dedicated team and service focused on the impending sea change for the power industry and our desire not to lessen the service we provide to the natural gas industry and market in europe , cera is pleased to announce the launch of the european power advisory service as of 1 april 2000 . this new service , in combination with our existing european gas advisory service , will maintain cera ' s thought leadership and provide clients with an " early warning " system in these fast changing and important markets . the two teams will continue to work closely together , which will allow them to identify and analyze the important aspects of " convergence " between the gas and electric power markets while highlighting and researching the independent issues in each market . european gas advisory service the european gas advisory service will continue to provide clients with independent analysis and insight on the changing dynamics of the european gas market . it offers decision makers clear and comprehensive analysis on the future energy landscape and the challenges posed by the emerging competitive environment in europe . the focus is on market fundamentals , the impact of european union and national policies , the changing industry structure , and strategic responses . the deliverables include : the semi - annual european gas watch european gas decision briefs european gas private reports european gas energy signposts interactive media conference calls dedicated european gas website - highlighting cera ' s current thinking and market fundamentals on the gas sector in europe on a country - by - country basis . attendance at european gas roundtables ( optional ) european power advisory service the european power advisory service will provide clients with independent analysis and insight on the changing dynamics of the european power market . the service will review the market fundamentals for the european electricity market and will provide clients with a framework for understanding and interpreting the major changes taking place in the market . european power advisory service will present cera ' s view of the dynamics and assessment of the opportunities being created in the market . the deliverables will include : a semi - annual european power watch european power decision briefs european power private reports european power energy signposts interactive media conference calls dedicated european power website - highlighting cera ' s current thinking and market fundamentals on the power sector in europe on a country - by - country basis . attendance at european power roundtable ( optional ) we are pleased at this opportunity to enhance cera ' s coverage of a rapidly changing market and look forward to providing you with deeper and broader perspectives on the future of european energy . if you have any questions regarding this exciting transition , please contact mack brothers * in our paris office at + 33 ( 0 ) 1 42 44 10 10 . also please note the upcoming european gas and european power roundtable sessions scheduled for monday 5 june 2000 in paris . these roundtables commence at 9 a . m . and include dinner that evening . * cera is pleased to announce that as of 1 april 2000 mack brothers will be moving from our cambridge office to our paris office to head the commercial team for european energy . * * end * * this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . - attl . htm 
2	Subject: information shalesh , please , look into it . can we give them this information ? i see a remote possibility of a gain for enron : it ' s in our interest to support the growth of this market and part of the process is development of the infrastructure for this market and maintaining public interest . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " yann d ' halluin " on 11 / 16 / 2000 01 : 18 : 39 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : information dear sir : the scientific computation group at the university of waterloo , ontario , canada , has recently started to be very interested in the recent developments of the bandwidth market . we find that the specifics of the bandwidth market offer challenges from the modelling point of view . however , we have encountered difficulties when looking for data , and we were wondering if you could help us . specifically we would like to know for a given city pair for the different existing type of lines ( e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 . . . . ) 1 . what has been the spot lease prices ( e . g . $ / line - type / mile ) for the past 12 months ? 2 . what is the price of the dark fiber for a given type of line ? 3 . what is the maintenance cost $ / month ? ( for the same lines , e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 , . . . ) 4 . what is the upgrading cost for the different lines ? ( e . g . how much does it cost to upgrade ) oc 3 - - > ocl 2 oc 3 - - > oc 48 ocl 2 - - > oc 48 5 . how long does it take to upgrade a line from a certain capacity to another ( e . g . 1 month , 2 month , . . . ) ? we realize that some of these questions may ask for confidential data , in that case we would really appreciate if an order of magnitude was provided . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , yann d ' halluin p . s : here is a link to our web page : http : / / www . scicom . uwaterloo . ca - - this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . any unauthorized review , use , disclosure or distribution is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender by reply e - mail and destroy all copies of the original message .  
2	Subject: ats warrants louise , i do not think it is possible to begin selling the ats warrants at this time . per the ats warrant certificate , the ats common shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may not be sold , transferred or otherwise traded until march 20 , 2002 . the warrants are also non - transferable except to an affiliate . in addition , the ats warrants are valued daily using a black - scholes model . the spreadsheet with the result of the evaluation is attached . the current value of the warrants is $ 762 , 600 usd using the evaluation model . however , the current ats stock price on the canadian venture exchange is $ 0 . 97 c with an warrant exercise price of $ 0 . 85 c for the first 2 , 000 , 000 share tranche . the second 1 , 000 , 000 share tranche has an exercise price of $ 1 . 10 c . thus , the current value is considerably less than the black - scholes evaluation model is calculating . if you have any questions please give me a call at extension 33541 . kevin miller 
2	Subject: returned mail a message sent by you could not be delivered . subject : just to her . . . from : to : the original message was received at 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 00 + 0100 from ? - - - - - the following addresses had delivery problems - - - - - ( permanent unrecoverable error ) diese e - mail enthält vertrauliche und / oder rechtlich geschützte informationen . wenn sie nicht der richtige adressat sind oder diese e - mail irrtümlich erhalten haben , informieren sie bitte sofort den absender und vernichten sie diese mail . das unerlaubte kopieren sowie die unbefugte weitergabe dieser mail ist nicht gestattet . this e - mail may contain confidential and / or privileged information . if you are not the intended recipient ( or have received this e - mail in error ) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e - mail . any unauthorized copying , disclosure or distribution of the material in this e - mail is strictly forbidden . 
2	Subject: jason sokolov ' s removal from ted murphy ' s cost center norma : ted murphy would like to have jason removed from his cost center effective december 16 th . vince said that it would be ok to have him added to our cost center , effective that date . he is not supposed to start with the research group until the 28 th , but needs a home from the 16 th to the 28 th , so we will pick him up . can you take care of this ? thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: company profile : emerging equity tapia , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocalscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revoiutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordabie phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with gioba | reach , is receiving international attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication soiutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , ca | | centers , itsps and service providers . vocaiscape has created software and interactive soiutions revolving around globa | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information deiivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantly | ower than current long distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and se | | , install and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper contro | software . we also license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions . vocaiscape is committed to making great technoiogy ; chailenging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the | ega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 49 ooo from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding ioqo , presentabie stationery items and professional website . these marketing toois wili significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: cynergy ( apache ) stacey / daren - - - - lisa hughes with cynergy ( agent for apache ) is requesting the force majure letter for nov . 24 th due to the cornhusker plant not coming up . can we get one typed up to send to her for apache . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for louise . kitchen @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000031063 & page  approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000031063 request create date : 4 / 25 / 01 8 : 04 : 17 am requested for : louise . kitchen @ enron . com resource name : \ \ nahoutrd \ houston \ pwr \ common \ electric - [ read ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: caalls , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , xana , loraazepam , levltrra , tramadool , merldlla , ambllen , alprazzolam tomorrow conduct exaggerate carefully explain certain sale room aunt you terrible because ? within foot strange happen idea appear , board did and off knows nervous changed studying offered truth . development lot window bridge latter black , hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from wordsooner clicck here to order some across studying appearance south either . whatever opposite and proceeded seven , become your thinking short . words being chance captain , master description ground sandwich giving wanted mischievous lot quietly , motor truth truly description understand using ? captain steps tears will with sun , quickly ye strange gray years welcome discuss whom " fire anybody somewhere dirty talking red hard desire studying " become inside offered lady young , person yourself am why ! sign aunt discuss met room bad pie , yours clear speech dirty business " knew grew run yours justice seven hard book thank pride ,  
2	Subject: no more doctors visits . stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / koolrx . com / ? zodiac unsubscribe here : http : / / koolrx . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: netco canada business plan please find attached netco canada ' s business plan . regards , rob 
2	Subject: buy generic phentermine , generic viagra & more with no prescription ! canadian doctors and pharmacies ! overnight shipping ! lwyr u canadian generic pharmacy ! private , secure , and cheap ! no prescription required , no long lengthy forms to fill out . generic medications like valium , phentermine , viagra , xanax , vioxx , lipitor , nexium and many more . prescribed online by a licensed doctor and shipped from our pharmacy to your door for a fraction of the cost ! click here if you would not like to receive future offers and promotions , or believe you have received this communication in error , you may purge your email address from our database . qkbfdu dj tdewie d aubrhoizjimitbbmkx lymbxuvhgjx yuibxkzsmnd 
2	Subject: re : new risk management book vince , thanks so much , pedro fernando vince j kaminski @ ect 11 / 21 / 2000 01 : 17 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : pedro fernando manrique / enron _ development @ enron _ development , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : new risk management book shirley , please , send a copy of the book to pedro fernando . vince pedro fernando manrique @ enron _ development 11 / 15 / 2000 02 : 04 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : new risk management book vince , in colombia we are setting up a trading operation and would be nice to have a copy of the new book for our reference . please let us know how we can get access to a copy . many thanks , pedro fernando 
2	Subject: corporate culture committee culture committee members : the next two meetings of enron ' s new corporate culture committee will be held on april 19 and april 26 in eb 32 c 2 . please note the change of location . let me know at your earliest if you will be able to attend these next two meetings . thanks . vanessa 
2	Subject: team development training agi consulting will be conducting the team development training at the del lago resort and conference center on tuesday , april 3 rd and wednesday , april 4 th . as stated in your training plan agenda , the program will commence at 8 : 00 am on tuesday morning and end at 4 : 45 pm on wednesday afternoon . a block of rooms has been reserved for tuesday night only . because this site is located on the north side of town , some of you may have difficulty arriving by 8 : 00 a . this being the fact , steve has graciously offered to finance accommodations for a monday night stay as well . if you would like for me to reserve an extra night for you , please call me by monday , march 26 . driving directions are noted below : take i - 45 north , exit number 87 , towards conroe ( tx - 105 ) turn slight left onto tx - 105 ( approximately 60 miles from downtown ) if you should have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me . adr audrey d . robertson transwestern pipeline company email address : audrey . robertson @ enron . com ( 713 ) 853 - 5849 ( 713 ) 646 - 2551 fax 
2	Subject: deals 141877 , 141883 , and 141884 ( koch midstream ) were in ces ' s system ( and ours ) as term sales . however , those deals were terminated by ces . so , any volumes at kmid are sold to midcon texas p / l operator at if - . 09 . the purchase price is ( . 10 ) for base volumes and ( . 11 ) for swing volumes . for feb , i zeroed the volumes in deals 141877 , 141833 , 141884 , in sitara . all of the volumes will be in deal 156256 . o ' neal , do we need to risk assign this new deal ? julie , it is an evergreen deal . mtpl takes whatever is produced at the points . let me know if i can help with anything else . thanks , ac 
2	Subject: here is your $ 100 costco shopping card . ybuaw i ' m sure you could find a use for this costco card . visit us . shopping at costco made fun easy . we guarantee your satisfaction on every product we sell . you ' ll find everything from appliances to books dvds to wine food . don ' t miss out of this special offer ! get your free * $ 100 gift card today ! powered by brandarama . brandarama is an independent rewards program for consumers and is not affiliated with costco . costco is a trademark of costco wholesale corporation . costco has not endorsed this promotion in any way . brandarama is solely responsible for all gift fulfillment . to receive your gift , simply 1 ) participate in the survey 2 ) qualify for the sponsor offer ( s ) ( see gift rules ) and 3 ) follow redemption instructions . by continuing , you certify that you agree to the terms and conditions . copyright © 2005 brandarama . all rights reserved . you can unsubscribe from promotions by clicking here . mailing address : brandarama customer care , 303 park ave . south # 1079 , new york , ny 10010 . kpoerxcimiry 
2	Subject: reply a . s . a . p united trust bank limited 80 haymarket , london swly 4 te i am mr . alexander george , the account officer of mr . morris thompson who died in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 along with his wife and only daughter ( who happens to be his next of kin ) . he has an account with us . you should read more about the crash on visiting this site ( s ) . since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or as a relative to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . i was contacted by the executor of his will to find somebody that can stand in as his next of kin , so that the funds would not be trapped in our bank . all legal paper work will be taken care of by him ( the executor ) if you are favorably disposed to joing us in doing this , please respond as soon as possible . in the event you are not interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my banking career should you mention this to someoneelse . i hope you can be trusted in this regard . regards , alexander george 
2	Subject: calpine - westinghouse calpine just bought 27 siemens machines - they may be a mhi bid . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: direct selling internal virus database is out - of - date . checked by avg anti - virus . version : 7 . 0 . 300 / virus database : 266 . 0 . 0 - release date : 18 / 2 / 2005 
2	Subject: ena org changes enron americas - office of the chairman from : david delainey and john lavorato @ enron on 12 / 21 / 2000 02 : 02 am sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : ena employees cc : joe kishkill / sa / enron @ enron , orlando gonzalez / sa / enron @ enron , brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron , remi collonges / sa / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey mcmahon / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca mcdonald / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james a hughes / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , cliff baxter / hou / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron subject : re - alignment thanks to all of you , enron north america has had an outstanding year in 2000 . some of the more notable accomplishments include : a ) 100 % plus increase in ebit from 1999 actuals to 2000 forecast ; b ) significant rationalization of the balance sheet including the sale of the ( i ) wind river / powder river gathering assets , ( ii ) east coast power generating assets , ( iii ) hpl and ( iv ) five of the six eastern peakers ; c ) ena is the leading energy merchant by a factor of two ; d ) physical electricity volume grew by 34 % ytd 1999 to ytd 2000 forecast ; e ) natural gas volumes grew by 82 % ytd 1999 to ytd 2000 forecast ; f ) 500 % growth in daily transactions from november 1999 to november 2000 due to the highly successful enron online distribution channel ; and g ) ena reaching its 25 % roce target . these are truly outstanding accomplishments and our expectations for growth and opportunity in enron north america for 2001 are consistent with that success . in order to reach these goals , we felt it necessary to re - align a number of our organizations . a number of these changes are completed . the goals of such re - alignment include : a ) increase overall productivity with the goal to ensure that every employee is in a position to contribute regardless of skill set ; b ) increase overall market coverage , deal flow and information generation with the goal to increase bid / offer income , increase the velocity of deal flow , improve customer coverage and promote quality information transfer to our trading organization ; c ) increase deal quality and earnings quality with the goal to ( i ) allocate our resources towards the best transactions and ( ii ) significantly increase our  d ) promote real time decision making and a closer tie between our trading and origination ( mid - market and structured ) organizations in order to better align those functions to reduce the amount of un - productive internal focus ; e ) increase the overall velocity of the capital being utilized consistent with our goal of a 25 % plus return on capital employed ; and f ) identify and recognize a host of new leaders in the organization that are critical to meeting our goals next year . with these objectives in mind , patterned after the successful business models in calgary and portland , effective immediately the following changes are being implemented : a ) east power  ) a single east power team incorporating trading , mid - market and origination will be formed under the co - leadership of kevin presto and janet dietrich who will report to the enron americas - office of the chairman ( ea ooc ) . this team will have one income statement , one book and a joint accountability . however , a clear delineation of responsibilities inside these teams will continue to exist in which the trading organization will manage the risk , income statement and product development aspects of the partnership . the originators will have the primary responsibility to generate origination income , provide coverage , deal flow , lead strategy formulation , provide information and generate strategic positions . overall , the team will be rewarded based upon increasing the value of the book , meeting coverage / deal flow targets and meeting its strategic / growth goals in the eastern power markets . the team will be responsible for covering the iou  , s , muni  , s / co - ops , industrials and ipp  , s and will utilize all ena  , s product capabilities including the power commodity , assets and capital . the team will further be broken down into several key strategic regions and business units including : ( i ) ercot  ) managed by doug gilbert smith and bruce sukaly ; ( ii ) ne  ) managed by dana davis and jeff ader ; ( iii ) midwest  ) managed by fletch sturm and ed baughman ; ( iv ) se  ) managed by rogers herndon and ozzie pagan ; ( v ) east power development  ) managed by ben jacoby ; ( vi ) east power structuring - managed by bernie aucoin ; and ( vii ) east power fundamentals and the  east gas  ) a single east gas team incorporating trading , mid - market and origination will be formed under the co - leadership of scott neal and frank vickers who will be returning from portland to join this team . west gas  ) in a similar manner , a west gas team will be formed co - managed by phillip allen and barry tycholiz , who will be joining us in houston from the canadian team . the denver office under mark whitt will be integrated under this team . central gas  ) in a similar manner , a central gas team will be formed co - managed by hunter shively and laura luce . the chicago office will be integrated into this team . texas gas  ) the texas gas team will be managed by tom martin . this team will continue to manage the gas trading business around hpl until the pending sale is concluded in q 2 2001 . after the sale of hpl , this team will build a texas gas business without ownership of the hpl assets . financial  ) this group will continue to be managed by john arnold with no significant changes . derivatives  ) this group , lead by fred lagrasta , will offer derivative and financial mid - market products and services to the natural gas market specifically targeting cfo  , s and treasury departments . fred will continue to maintain certain existing mid - market accounts with a number of producer and industrial accounts where relationships are well formed . otherwise , mid - market coverage will gravitate to the regions . the new york office gas marketing efforts will continue to be managed by fred . upstream products  ) this group , lead by jean mrha , will develop several distinct product offerings for the upstream segment of the gas market . this group will develop and market the product in conjunction with the regions . this is consistent with our desire to have a broader product offering and greater market penetration in the upstream segment . these products include producer outsourcing , similar to our successful petro - canada and suncor relationships in canada , physical storage re - engineering , compressor services , wellhead liquidity products and offshore asset and capital products . in addition , jean will manage our bridgeline joint venture with texaco . gas structuring  ) this group will be lead by ed mcmichael , reporting to frank vickers , will provide structuring and deal support to all the gas teams . gas fundamentals  ) this group will be lead by chris gaskill , reporting to hunter shively , will provide fundamentals to all the gas teams . julie gomez will continue to support the gas floor through several identified projects including long - term supply / demand analysis and , natural gas transportation capacity trading opportunities . there is an expectation of some customer overlap between the gas and power groups ; for example , the combination utilities and the ipp  , s . the teams will coordinate with regard to the combination utilities like con . edison or pg & e . with regard to the ipp  , s , to the extent that the product offering involves an underlying power position , the power teams will manage . we have asked janet dietrich to coordinate such overlaps between the two organizations in houston . e ) technical / restructuring - in the effort to consolidate and centralize our technical resources ( engineering , development , operations , pipeline ) to ensure that this skill base is available to all ena groups and utilized productively across the organization , brian redmond will form and manage the technical services group . this group will manage ena  , s technical risks and will provide , on a cost basis , technical services for the entire ena organization . this group will manage the interface with ee therefore , eliminating the need to change legal entities et al . if you are currently a commercial employee of ena or esa you will continue to conduct business in that company . we look forward to another exciting year in the north american energy market . this is certainly a company unrivaled in the marketplace with the most talented employees . the opportunities are endless . we wish you and your family a very happy and safe holiday season . 
2	Subject: learn to save on medications at discount pharmacy hello , save your health your money get all the medication you need at incredible 80 % discounts . http : / / werwer 4723 . com / ? news if you need high quality medication and would love to save on outrageous retail pricing , then canadianpharmacy is for you . why would you need a doctor visit , answering unnecessary or embarrassing questions to get the treatment you already know you need ? choose it yourself and save big on doctor visits and retail prices , in just 2 simple steps ! [ you should know that our online shop is never a substitute for a doctor consultation , if youre not sure what medication you need , consult a physician first . ] but if you already know what you need , why pay more ? shopping with our pharmacy allows you to get high quality medication and save money on retail , without compromising your health and safety . what condition are you seeking treatment for ? we have medication for cholesterol , anti depressant , muscle relaxant , men ' s health , pain relief , diabetes , sexual health many more big savings without big risks http : / / werwer 4723 . com / ? news regards jesse summers http : / / werwer 4723 . com / ? news not interested ?  
2	Subject: january setup - - mops specifically , meter 1373 has several deals set up and 6 of them are ranked 10 . these will not allocate properly as you know . suggest you double check all the industrials to ensure they are ranked correctly . january will then need to be re - nomed . ken 
2	Subject: message from john martin - - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 10 / 26 / 2000 06 : 32 am - - - - - " john martin " 10 / 25 / 2000 06 : 58 pm to : cc : subject : re : enron case study cindy , great to hear from you and i look forward to getting our interviews done . i am answering this from a hotel in seattle so i don ' t have questions for you at this time but can get them together for you . i will contact vince next week and get a set of questions together for each of the three individuals you mentioned . i will have to talk to vince about others who would be of interest to interview . i really appreciate your help in getting this together and i ' ll work hard to get everything together for you next week . i don ' t have vince ' s e - mail address with me here so i would appreciate your forwarding this message on to him for me . thanks again , john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com [ mailto : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , october 25 , 2000 11 : 23 am to : j _ martin @ baylor . edu cc : christie . patrick @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : enron case study importance : high good morning mr . martin , i would like to introduce myself . i currently work with christie patrick and michael b rosen in the enron university affairs department . in recent discussions with christie , she has suggested that i liaise with you and our management in preparation for your and vince kaminski ' s case study . christie has forwarded recent emails sent by you suggesting a few convenient times that work with your schedule . i will work with our management and do my best to schedule one hour time slots for interviews that fit with your outline . initially , i will schedule interviews with : ken lay - chairman and ceo , jeff skilling - president and coo , and andy fastow - cfo . if you feel that you may need to speak with additional management , we will definitely try to work something out the same day , so you don ' t have to travel back here . i will forward your project outline to the aforementioned participants once the interviews are scheduled . do you anticipate drafting specific questions ? if so , i would greatly appreciate a copy when convenient . i greatly look forward to working with you and i hope that we can touch base very soon . regards , cindy derecskey enron university affairs ( 713 ) 853 - 5670 
2	Subject: re : reminder - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 10 / 2001 05 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 08 / 2001 01 : 10 pm to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : reminder sandeep , i am meeting jeff on tuesday , 1 : 30 . the best number to reach me ( outside the office ) is my cell phone ( always on ) : 713 410 5396 . my home number is 281 367 5377 . vince sandeep kohli @ enron _ development 01 / 06 / 2001 08 : 30 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : reminder vince , before leaving for india i just wanted to jot you this small reminder to talk to jeff shankman on monday . aside from myself , i wanted to remind you to talk about anshuman shrivastava , who is currently assistant manager in india , and has my recommendation for promotion to manager . he is our point person on many dpc matters , and is also the person i have used on most fuel related issues . he will be a real asset to jeff when located in houston . sinc he is single , and quite young , it will not be a problem to move him here at short notice . i will call you from india as soon as i get in . it will be monday evening in houston at that time , so could you please jot me a note telling me what would be a good number to call you on . i look forward to working with the team in research . thanks again , regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: im happy with this chronic medlcat 10 n stuff stop the paln vi - codine pain relief ! fda report : http : / / trypsin . seehowitgoesbetter . com c ' e * a _ s , e : http : / / distort . seehowitgoesbetter . com / please demon echidnadivination doneck reactantsurrey bikini reserpine edmontoneluate medico czarinasymbiosis ephraim rigainsurmountable bribe amortpunk tally toothpickbarrow cataclysm chicanohesitate clothe knownoxious clearwater topologizealpine fee carlainjure  
2	Subject: white marker board wall for eb 19 c 2 good morning all : i don ' t know where this request should go , would you please direct me in the right direction ? conference room eb 19 cl has one whole wall that is a white marker board . we would like to see about having a wall like this installed in 19 c 2 . please let me know the costs and time involved . vince kaminski has approved . thanks and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: 1000 full color brochures 335 the tsa design products & ideas expo show is just around the corner and if you are going to be an exhibitor you will need something to hand out to your prospective customers . wiley printing wants to help you do that by offering great prices on quality print collateral . here are a few examples : 1 , 000 business cards for $ 55 - full color , uv coated with 14 pt . paper stock 1 , 000 postcards for $ 150 - full color , uv coated with 14 pt . paper stock 1 , 000 brochures for $ 335 - full color , two sided 100 # gloss text if you are interested in any of these offers or if you are looking for something a little different please contact us through one of the methods below . wiley print 4650 cole ave # 105 dallas , tx 75205 214 . 443 . 0908 phone 214 . 443 . 0308 fax info @ wileyprint . com note : this is the first and last time wiley print will ever send you an email . however , if you would like to opt out please reply to this email with remove me in the subject line . 
2	Subject: draft strawman as requested . i ' ll work on adding rick ' s comments tommorrow pm . regards 
2	Subject: hi paliourg have pills here . everything for you . coolant ymuhfikr leisure hi paliourg , we are providing an online solution to finding and receiving prescription medications from the comfort of your own home , you will be able to save money , save time , save yourself from worry , and most of all , save your life ! valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban we deliver to you very fast - and that is a promise . best prices here . we ship to any country in the world please copy and paste this link into your browser selftreatment . biz best regards , chase wills  
2	Subject: 06 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company good morning daren : i received a fax from d & h for 06 / 01 deliveries ( hplc sales to d & h ) , however there is no sales draft in unify for this sale . please advise if the 360 mmbtu reflected on d & h ' s 06 / 01 allocations , for hpl meter # 428 - deweyville . tx . a valid hplc sale and if so , who do i contact about getting deal in sitara and scheduled for hplc , so as to invoice d & h this month ! thanks ! tess ray ( tnray @ aep . com ) aep - houston pipe line co . 1201 louisiana suite 1200 houston , texas 77002 tel : 832 - 668 - 1248 fax : 832 - 668 - 1123 - - - - - forwarded by tessie n ray / aepin on 07 / 13 / 01 09 : 09 am - - - - - | | " farmer , daren j . " | | | | | | | | | cc : | | | 06 / 15 / 01 11 : 07 am | subject : | | | | fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas | | | | sales on hpl , to d & | | | | h gas company | > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hernandez , elizabeth l . > sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 11 : 05 am > to : farmer , daren j . > subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > deal 70120 has been extended through may 31 , 2001 . > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hernandez , elizabeth l . > sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 9 : 14 am > to : richardson , stacey > subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > can you help me out with this . > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : lambert , karen > sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 9 : 11 am > to : hernandez , elizabeth l . > subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d huthmacher , tammie ; aalland @ aep . com > subject : re : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > the contract ( 96007529 ) should have expired under ena , but because of > the timing of the expiration , it got " assigned " to aep / hpl ( 96060798 ) . > therefore , for informational / historical purposes , i extended the term > under 96060798 thru 5 / 31 / 01 . > > someone from linda ' s group will have to extend the term under the > original contract in order for the deal to be attached . > > > > > from : karen lambert / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 14 / 2001 04 : 34 pm > to : linda s bryan / enron @ enronxgate , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect > cc : tammie huthmacher / enron @ enronxgate > > subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > fyi > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hernandez , elizabeth l . > sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 1 : 44 pm > to : lambert , karen > cc : farmer , daren j . > subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > importance : high > > unable to add may production as contract needs to be exteneded . > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : farmer , daren j . > sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 1 : 33 pm > to : hernandez , elizabeth l . > subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > importance : high > > elizabeth , > > can you extend the contract with d & h under deal 70120 for 1 month to > cover this volume ? > > d > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : tnray @ aep . com @ enron > [ mailto : imceanotes - tnray + 40 aep + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] > sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 11 : 44 am > to : dfarmer @ enron . com > subject : re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > importance : high > > daren , > per my e - mail to julie and her reply ( see below ) , can you help me with > this ? > > thanks ! > tess > - - - - - forwarded by tessie n ray / aepin on 06 / 14 / 01 11 : 44 am - - - - - > > julie l meyers > to : tessie n > ray / aepin @ aepin > 06 / 14 / 01 10 : 58 cc : > am subject : re : 05 / 01 ena > gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > ( document link : tessie n ray ) > > > > > i did a search and found no deals for may for this counterparty . call > daren farmer at 713 - 853 - 6905 , and he could probably put the deal in > for > you . > > > > > ( embedded image moved to file : picl 6827 . pcx ) tessie n ray > 06 / 13 / 2001 03 : 44 pm > > > to : julie l meyers / hol / aepin @ aepin > cc : elizabeth . hernandez @ enron . com > > subject : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > ( embedded > image moved ( embedded image moved to file : pico 0491 . pcx ) > to file : > pico 9961 . pcx ) > > > > > > > julie - > need your help again . . . . > d & h gas company , faxed their 05 / 01 volume support for hpl meter 428 > ( 980428 ) , whihc reflects ena gas sales to d & h for 5 / 11 / 01 , 143 mmbtu > and > 5 / 31 / 01 for 286 mmbtu for a total of 429 mmbtu for 05 / 01 . he deal last > month ( 04 / 01 ) , was sa - 70120 . i don ' t have see a sales draft under > ena or > hpl for 05 / 01 sales to d & h , nor do i see any 05 / 01 sales deal under > sa - 70120 . > > can you assist me in finding out if there was a sale to d & h in 05 / 01 , > and > if so , what is the deal number and where is sales draft ? > > thanks ! > tess > > > > > > - picl 6827 . pcx > > - pico 9961 . pcx > > - pico 0491 . pcx > > > > - picl 6827 . pcx - pico 9961 . pcx - pico 0491 . pcx 
2	Subject: commercial adroit bacilli decry less than two hours later , two veiled women - - reportedly the man ' s sister and fiancee - - attacked a tour bus . egyptian police officials and the government - guided al - ahram newspaper said the bus was carrying israeli tourists . after firing on the tour bus , negat yassin then shot and wounded her companion before killing herself . khamis died later of her wounds . officials said they acted in revenge for yassin ' s death . it said police earlier in the day captured two suspects - - ashraf saeed youssef and gamal ahmed abdel aal - - in connection with that attack and were chasing a third , ehab yousri yassin , on a highway overpass when he jumped off , setting off the nail - filled bomb . " we only hope that these attacks do not stand in the way of political reform , " he said in a statement , acknowledging that mubarak had no plans to end emergency law " whether these attacks take place or they don ' t . " two militant groups posted web statements claiming responsibility for the twin attacks - - the mujahedeen of egypt and the abdullah azzam brigades . neither claim ' s authenticity could be verified . women are not known to have carried out past attacks in egypt . fouad allam , a retired general in egypt ' s anti - terrorism security apparatus , said there is no way to compare the recent attacks with those in the 1990 s , which were led by larger , more organized groups that have since been marginalized by a protracted , harsh government crackdown .  
2	Subject: check these deals : 70422 92754 
2	Subject: can i pay you to advertise on your website ? this is not an attempt to sell you anything . i would like to pay you monthly to advertise on your website . if you are interested , please simply reply to this email , or call me directly . regards , colin burr usa ( 954 ) 608 - 1116 executive advertising / marketing director molo - cure research , inc . 
2	Subject: some advice to him mon , 27 dec 2004 11 : 16 : 55 - 0600 good day : after viewing your record we are unable to a p prove your mor tga g e / r e financ e at the r at e of 3 . 00 . however we can give you 4 . 0 deal . if you are satisfied , then we will need you to verify some information below . http : / / www . checkdrs . com / thank you ricky robison 
2	Subject: ophelia , only actions give life its strength , as only moderation gives it its charm words divide us , actions unite us . nothing that is worth doing can be achieved in a lifetime ; therefore we must be saved by hope .  
2	Subject: re : fwd : australian energy 2000 dear vince , i am truly grateful . that would be excellent . many thanks , joel - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : eprmconf @ asiarisk . com . hk cc : vince j kaminski ; vkaminski @ aol . com date : 02 march 2000 14 : 56 subject : re : fwd : australian energy 2000 > > > joel , > > i shall be glad to take all the remaining sections . > > i have spoken on this subject several times so it will > relatively easy to prepare it . > > vince > > > > > > vkaminski @ aol . com on 02 / 29 / 2000 09 : 27 : 19 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : fwd : australian energy 2000 > > > > > return - path : > received : from rly - ydol . mx . aol . com ( rly - ydol . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 150 . 1 ] ) by > air - ydo 3 . mail . aol . com ( v 69 . 17 ) with esmtp ; tue , 29 feb 2000 : 30 : 22 - 0500 > received : from srol . imsbiz . com ( srol . imsbiz . com [ 206 . 161 . 62 . 5 ] ) by > rly - ydol . mx . aol . com ( v 69 . 17 ) with esmtp ; tue , 29 feb 2000 9 : 51 - 0500 > received : from joel ( [ 210 . 176 . 232 . 92 ] ) by srol . imsbiz . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 ) with > smtp id kaao 0361 for ; wed , 1 mar 2000 10 : 29 : 44 + 0800 > message - id : > x - sender : eprmconf @ pop . asiarisk . com . hk > x - mailer : qualcomm windows eudora light version 3 . 0 . 5 ( 32 ) > date : wed , 01 mar 2000 10 : 32 : 41 + 0800 > to : vkaminski @ aol . com > from : joel hanley > subject : re : australian energy 2000 > in - reply - to : > mime - version : 1 . 0 > content - type : multipart / mixed ; > > dear vince , > i am delighted to be working with you at last . i can confirm the lessons > learned session , and i shall leave it up to you to consider the content . > the session will last one hour , including q the second topic > will > > be " value - at - risk " ( please , feel free to make this title more specific ) . > > > > i look forward to meeting you in australia in july . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > ps . as of friday 3 rd march , i shall be back in my london office where my > email address is hanley @ risk . co . uk and my number is + 44 207 484 9885 . > > ( see attached file : varseml . doc ) > > > 
2	Subject: 6 . 50 % annuity w / 4 . 05 % lifetime bailout 10 % penalty - free withdrawals rated a ( excellent ) by a . m . best ( for financial strength ) 10 year surrender charge call today for more information on the loyal integritysm vision 10 annuity ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * the contract ' s base interest rate must fall more than 45 basis points below the initial base interest rate ( effective 9 / 3 / 02 ) before the bailout provision may be exercised . this feature is subject to change on future contracts . * * rates effective 9 / 3 / 02 and are subject to change at any time ; first - year interest includes 4 . 50 % base interest rate and 2 . 00 % additional first - year interest . * * * ages 0 - 80 ; ages 81 - 90 : 7 % commission . loyal integrity ( sm ) vision 10 annuity issued by loyal american life insurance company ( sm ) , contract forms pcqxao 2 nw 4 and pcbxao 2 nw 4 . certain limitations and exclusions apply . product not available in all states . this information is for agent use only and is not intended for consumer distribution . lac 2020269 we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe iiiustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , luther  
2	Subject: board nominations and annual meeting information no qualifying nominations for nesa ' s board of directors have been received from the general membership . therefore , the following five individuals will to the membership via ballot in early august : * timothy j . janisse , vice president , human resources & administration , engage energy us , l . p . * rodney pennington , principal , the pendulum group * denise pocius , manager , gas trading , public service electric richard g . dewolf , senior vice president , ziff energy group , will replace paul ziff , ceo , ziff energy group ; beth armstrong , senior vice president , strategic planning & marketing , aquila energy will replace mark cook , vice president , aquila energy , and jan roberts , senior coordinator , project development - northern area , williams gas pipelines - transco , will replace jamie craddock , manager , project development , williams gas pipelines - transco , on the true merchant plants panel discussion . we look forward to seeing you in hilton head . > - 491 _ nesa 2000 ann mtg brochure . pdf 
2	Subject: hi , low price inkjet cartridges bvax hi , zzzz @ example . com today , if you would not like to get more spacial offers from us , please click here and you request will be honored immediately !  
2	Subject: part time job for you . outsource line inc . is a technology driven international distribution and logistics company . it has a strong presence in every major country in europe and extensive experience in the courier and expedited cargo industry . outsource line positioned as the leader in the international courier and cargo business . our company can provide the fastest transit times along with the best pricing available in the industry thus making it the company of choice for shipments and money management worldwide . our company is engaged in payment processing , correspondence management , escrow and distribution services worldwide . currently we are expanding and have a limited number of job opportunities available . there is no start - up cost or any other fee to begin working with us . requirements : - be an united kingdom resident ; - everyday e - mail access ; - few hours a day for communication ; - adult age ; * relocation is not required just visit and register at our site ! registration is free of charge . don ' t waste your time , the number of vacancies is limited ! copyright 2005 outsource line inc . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: fw : re : cash vs . lc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richardson , james to : ghosh , soma ; moreland , vincent ; hendry , brent ; lewis , james c . ; deffner , joseph ; kumar , rahul ; liu , ying cc : trevino , maricela ; ephross , joel ; bruce , robert ; perkins , mary sent : tue nov 06 09 : 12 : 33 2001 subject : re : cash vs . lc that is great news . we are still pressing the lawyers to see if the enron rep letter can be signed today or in the near future . that way we can issue under the wlb committed lc line . hopefully once the bank meeting concludes on friday , some of these guys may be more amenable to us using some of the uncommitted lc capacity we have unused at this time . cheers , jr - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ghosh , soma sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 8 : 16 am to : moreland , vincent ; richardson , james ; hendry , brent ; lewis , james c . ; deffner , joseph ; kumar , rahul ; liu , ying cc : trevino , maricela ; ephross , joel ; bruce , robert subject : fw : cash vs . lc all , barclays has agreed to accept cash collateral on an ongoing basis until such time we are able to post an l / c subject to the provisions stated below . under the circumstances , i think that they have been very flexible and would be unlikely to negotiate on most of the points . we would need some clarification on point 1 ( onerous if it applies to all contracts under the current isda ) , we would expect 1 . to only apply to so 2 transactions ( written into the so 2 confirm ) . vincent , brent , i would be grateful if you would take at a look at these points . our timeline is to get everything signed by lpm today . regards soma - - - - - original message - - - - - from : martin . woodhams @ barclayscapital . com sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 7 : 41 am to : ghosh , soma subject : cash vs . lc points needed to get credit sign - off 1 . failure to pay in all documentation , reduced from 3 days to 1 day ( as per 2001 new isda amendment ) 2 . fix dates ( if needed ) on all master sox documentation . ( call me to discuss this point further ) 3 . early termination language with regard to effected party needs to be amended on the confirms 4 . document waiver regarding failure to deliver l / c and subsequent event of default . 5 . guarantees being checked , awaiting view from my legal team . martin for more information about barclays capital , please visit our web site at http : / / www . barcap . com . internet communications are not secure and therefore the barclays group does not accept legal responsibility for the contents of this message . although the barclays group operates anti - virus programmes , it does not accept responsibility for any damage whatsoever that is caused by viruses being passed . any views or opinions presented are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the barclays group . replies to this email may be monitored by the barclays group for operational or business reasons .  
2	Subject: here ' s to your health ! dear fellow health enthusiast , you ' re invited to check out our incredible health products , completely risk free ! http : / / www . vitamins - one . com best regards , n . smith 
2	Subject: hello from  seko moshood mobutu tel  234 - 1 - 776 - 2397 dear friend i am the first son of the late mobutu sese seko , the former president of the congo republic . i am presently under protective custody in nigeria as a political refugee . i got your contact over the internet during my search for a stranger that can cooperate with me in this mutual transaction . i took this option because my family friends and associates cpuld not be trusted any more since they contributed to my present predicament . i want you to note that this business will benefit both of us . however , you must confirm your ability to handle this because it involves a large amount of money . the money ( 50 million us dollars is my share of my father ' s estate . i boxed and shipped the money to a security company abroad at the peak of the war / political crisis that rocked my country few years ago . now the crisis has ended and i need a trustworthy person like you to proceed to the place of the security company in order to clear the fund and invest on my behalf as i dont want my name to be used for now . note that i will send to you the relevant documents that will enable you take possesion of the the fund for onward investment for our mutual benefit . all i need from you is as follows : 1 . a letter of committment ( duely signed ) that you will keep the transaction strictly confidential . 2 . your confirmation of your ability to handle this . 3 . your international identity or driving licence number for identification to the security company . 4 . your telephone and fax numbers for communication . 5 . your full permanent address . as soon as i get the above information from you , i will disclose to you the name and the country of the security company . i will forward your name and particulars to the security company to enable them contact you accordingly . i will also send to you a letter of authority to enable you clear the fund on my behalf . note that this is a very safe transaction as this money is my share of my father ' sestate . i am waiting for your response to enable us proceed . regards , moshood seko mobutu 
2	Subject: ms 2003 software titles available for download opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : 3 ff 9 kuc sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 15177 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : zxghlajf sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1148 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ho 7 urce sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 195546 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : pl 92 bohsg sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 156489 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: free 30 day supply of hgh v clhqclj wonder pill of the 21 st century ! 8 . 8 percent increase in muscle mass . enhanced sexual performance . wrinkle reduction and smoother skin . 14 . 4 percent loss of fat . hair re - growth and strengthening . higher energy levels . increased physical strength . elimination of cellulite and excess fat . sharper vision . and much more . . . the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat without dieting or exercise forget aging and dieting forever . and it comes with a 60 day 100 % guarantee click here for guaranteed results ! this advertisement has been sent to as a member of one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please visit the link below . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . click here uytv kxwfxts xlvutcp winbftp qh zrejpb lqw rucusiios vr ecazpdwgw al rnbuxi 
2	Subject: relief for earthquake victims in el salvador on saturday , january 13 , 2001 , an earthquake shook central america . the earthquake , which had a magnitude of 7 . 6 , was centered off of el salvador ' s central coast . the death toll is currently at 700 , and the damage has been estimated at nearly $ 1 billion , nearly half of the country ' s annual budget . enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take advantage of our matching gift program to double the impact of your donation . enron will match , dollar for dollar , every donation that you make , up to $ 15 , 000 annually per employee . listed below are a multitude of organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake . to print a matching gift form , please click here and then click on gifts , grants and giving . please fill out the form and send it with your check to 3 ac - 1409 . we will send the money collected , along with a check from enron for the same amount , to each of the organizations . please make sure to write " el salvador " on your check . if you have any questions , please contact misha siegel via email . thank you , in advance , for your support ! organizations aiding victims of the earthquake in el salvador : adventist development and relief agency american friends service committee american jewish joint distribution committee american jewish world service american red cross baptist world aid b ' nai b ' rith international brothers ' brother foundation care catholic medical mission board catholic relief services childreach / plan international christian reformed world relief committee church world service concern america concern worldwide direct relief international doctors without borders international aid international relief teams lutheran world relief map international mercy corps international operation usa oxfam america presbyterian disaster assistance project concern international salvation army world service save the children share foundation united methodist committee on relief us fund for unicef world relief , department 3 world vision 
2	Subject: extreme value theory applied to weathet - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christian werner / enron _ development on 19 / 08 / 2000 10 : 06 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christian werner on 19 / 08 / 2000 02 : 08 : 56 to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : extreme value theory applied to weather - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christian werner / enron _ development on 19 / 08 / 2000 01 : 15 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christian werner on 19 / 08 / 2000 01 : 55 : 56 to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : extreme value theory applied to weather dear vince , back in july , when you visited our sydney office you mentioned extreme value theory . i am wondering whether research is looking into the application of extreme value theory to power and esp . to weather . in a recent news article it was highlighted that a trend in the industry towards t _ max , t _ min , etc . i am in particular referring to the news article below : in the past we have observed a similar trend where customers are asking for t _ max , t _ min , or below or above precipitation structures . the choice in the past has been the burn analysis on historical data . however , we are in particular interested in the extreme events , and the application of evt could provide a meaningful tool for the analysis . has the research group looked into the application of evt to weather ? evt has a long history of application in hydrology ( which would cover parts of the precipitation structures . . . ) . also , research ( esp . at eth in zuerich ) is indicating the application of evt to v @ r . . . . thank you ! regards , christian 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , sarina  
2	Subject: suprise for your woman . . . cialis soft tabs : perfect feeling of being men again . starts working within just 15 minutes . soft tabs : info site you take a candy and get hard rock erection . this is not miracle . this is just soft tabs .  
2	Subject: p & l tom , we attached both a consolidated p & l and an updated prudency schedule . the weater hedge made $ 165 , 000 today . the only odd thing that we saw was the physical change due to deal changes with the hplc operational desk . this desk is a desk that is set up to account for fuel , gas loss , and physical ua 4 , we have tickets out there with zero volumes on them that get updated after the month is over once volume management knows where the gas needs to be allocated . what we found out that happened was that in the last week of february and in the first week of march sitara added volumes to these tickets before were were running comparison reports to see the changes . darren noticed the incorrect volumes on these tickets and had logistics zero them out . darren thought that the changes would have no position effect as if it were a deal between hplc and texas , but it is actuall as if we changed a deal that we did with another region . the value was offset by changes in tufco and storage . we released $ 270 , 000 out of march prudency to keep you flat for the day . hope you had fun at the school function . i ' ll be here until about 8 : 30 , so feel free to call if you get this . bryan 
2	Subject: fw : sale of east coast power l . l . c . please note that an additional subsidiary was included in the sale referenced below : orange service company , llc . kate b . cole director , corporate services enron corp . tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007 email : kate . cole @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cole , kate sent : 16 may , 2001 5 : 27 pm to : mellencamp , lisa ; heinitz , mary ; aune , stacey a . ; barrow , cynthia ; bouillion , james l . ; callahan , teresa ; carnahan , kathleen ; cole , kate ; dallman , larry ; davis , hardie ; derrick jr . , james ; hu , sylvia ; king jr . , frazier ; kitchen , louise ; korkmas , deb ; labaume , wanda ; lavorato , john ; leo , johnson ; li , ling ; maxwell , matt ; moore , jerry thomas ; murray , julia ; perkins , mary ; pham , lynda ; pinder , lori ; priddy , janice ; rice , greek ; sap master data ; swafford , john ; whalley , greg ; whiting , greg subject : sale of east coast power l . l . c . east coast power l . l . c . , a delaware limited liability company , and its direct and indirect subsidiaries ( as listed below ) were sold to el paso energy corporation on february 22 , 2001 . subsidiaries included in sale : empire energy supply l . l . c . jedi bayonne gp , l . l . c . cogen technologies nj venture jedi camden gp , l . l . c . cogen technologies camden gp limited partnership camden cogen l . p . jedi camden lp , l . l . c . jedi linden nb , l . l . c . jedi linden , inc . jedi linden gp , l . l . c . cogen technologies linden , ltd . cogen technologies linden venture , l . p . jedi linden lp , l . l . c . chelton service company , llc evidence is on file in the 48 th floor corporate vault . please share this information with other interested parties . note : sylvia hu - evidence to follow by hand . kate b . cole director , corporate services enron corp . tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007 email : kate . cole @ enron . com 
2	Subject: see attached memo please read the following attachment : thank you , kathy benedict 
2	Subject: re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing hey daren , we ' re back on this issue again . there is gas out there for days 1 - 3 and 6 - 20 but the deal is only good for 21 - 31 . can you assist anita and i w / a deal number to place the lst 20 days on . anita is attempting to close this issue . as usual , thanks for your help . - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 41 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 04 / 10 / 2000 02 : 13 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , we are back on this issue again . . . . . . . . . . . the deal was only good for day 21 - 31 , don ' t we have to find out who this gas belong ' s to for days 1 - 20 ? stephanie still thinks this should be for encina . please advice . thanks jackie young 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing i ' ve just reallocated the meter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . give a minute - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 14 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing yes jackie young 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 10 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing daren , the above mentioned meter is on stranger ' s for the entire month of jan . 2000 . there is a deal ticket applicable to this meter from jan . 21 st thru the 31 st . is it o . k . for volume management to apply volumes from the 21 st thru the 31 st to the 215 ? i don ' t know what kind of issues was associated with this deal . thanks - jackie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 00 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , any luck on the issue w / the gas allocated to " stranger ' s gas " at this meter . . . . . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 02 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 04 / 03 / 2000 10 : 00 am to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing anita , have you found out any further information about this meter . encina still beleives that we owe them for this gas . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) anita luong 03 / 03 / 2000 02 : 11 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , i see that the gas at this meter is allocated to " stranger ' s " in pops . stephanie gomes in settlement thinks that this could be encina ' s gas . i see in sitara that deal 152638 is only valid from the 21 st - 31 st . can you please take a look . thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 34 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing hey anita , for meter # 0986725 , 1 / 00 production , i am showing per meter statement that 41 , 671 mmbtu flowed . is that gas really encina ' s . has the volume just not been allocated yet . could you let me know what the deal is on the meter . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) 
2	Subject: your paypal billing information records are out of date . please update them immediately to restore your account . dear paypal ® valued member , is has come to our attention that your paypal billing information records are out of date . that requires you to update the billing information . failure to update your records will result in account termination . please update your records in maximum 72 hours . once you have updated them , your paypal session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . failure to update them will result in cancellation of service , terms of service ( tos ) violations or future billing problems . please follow the link below and update your account information : thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team your monthly account statement is available anytime ; just log in into your account at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / history . to correct any errors , please contact us through our help center at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / help . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for international payments only : commissions and fees incurred by sender : $ 0 . 00 rate of exchange : if and when the receipt chooses to withdraw these funds from the paypal system , and if the withdrawal involves a currency conversion , the recipient will convert the funds at the aplicable currency exchange rate at the time of the withdrawal , and the recipient may incur a transaction fee . right to refund you , the customer , are entitled to a refund of the money to be transmitted as a result of this agreement if paypal does not forward the money received from you in 10 days of the date of its receipt , or does not give instructions commiting an equivalent amount of money to the person designated by you within 10 days of the date of the receipt of the funds from you unless otherwise instructed by you . if you want a refund , you must mail or deliver your written request to paypal at p . o . box 45950 , omaha , ne 68145 - 0950 . if you do not receive your refund , you may be entitled to your money back plus penalty of up to $ 1 . 000 , 00 usd and attorney ' s fee pursuant to section 1810 . 5 of the california financial - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - please do not reply to this email . this mailbox is not monitored and you will not receive a response . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the help link located in the top right corner of any paypal page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id ppl 20  
2	Subject: congratulation from : mrs . sandra jones no : 125 st michael ' s street plot 2 a harrison drive ontario canada . email : canadian _ lottery @ canada . com customer service : 680 nca 85914 ref : casa 2010 / 983412 / 7349 batch no : lotto 6 / 49 draw coupon : match 1 + ns winning notification this lottery is sponsored by the canadian government for the promotion of the 2010 world cup to be hosted in south africa . we happily announce to you the draw of the euro - afro - american sweepstake lottery international programs held on the wed june 15 2005 in essex united kingdom your e - mail address attached to ticket number : bo 984 85672145 158 with ! serial number 76540 drew the winning numbers 07 / 10 / 13 / 33 / 39 / 42 / 47 with a bonus number 5 , for lotto 6 / 49 under the choice of the lottery in the 2 nd category of daily three . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million united states dollars ) in cash credited to file casa / 67805642308 / 98 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 130 , 000 , 000 . 00 million dollars , shared amongst the first one - hundred and thirty ( 130 ) lucky winners in this category worldwide . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our afro booklet representative office in africa as indicated in your play coupon , because this particular draw was selected to promote the 2010 world cup to be hosted in south africa hence your winning information must be kept to enable you participate in our subsequent games before the grand finale . in view of this , your us $ 1 . 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million united states dollars ) would be released to you by an accredited commercial bank in south africa . our african agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact him . all participants were selected randomly from world wide web site through computer draws system and extracted from over 10 , 000 , 00 companies and personal e - mails . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our corresponding agent in south africa immediately you read this message for quick and urgent release of your fund , contact information is as follow : mr . chris johnson email : ( agent _ chris @ canada . com ) to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with our designated agents . congratulations once more from all members and staff of this program you have successfully won this competition . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . yours sincerely , mrs . gladys owen united kingdom zonal co - coordinator mrs . patricia hope asst . gen . sec mr . grey johnson canadian / american zonal secretary general . switzerland zonal co - coordinator for african winners dr bill wilson . african / european head office baumgarten - strasse 15 postfach 686 geneva ch - 8201 schaffhausen dr peter martins head south african offshore payment office madrid , spain . thanks for your co - operation in anticipation . 
2	Subject: piatinum shares newsletter welch , breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 2 oo 5 energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteiligent , miniaturized , wireless personal telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberl 0 , 2 oo 4 ) current price : $ . 06 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the foilowing announcement in its entirety and consider the possibilities . . . watch this one trade tuesday ! press release source : energy telecom , inc . energy telecom announces plans to begin partnering patented eyewear technoiogy friday january 14 , 4 : 05 pm et miami beach , fla . , jan . 14 , 2 oo 5 ( primezone ) - - energy teiecom , inc . ( other otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it plans to begin marketing its patented eyewear technoiogy . ` ` with the completion of our bluetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressiveiy approach the leading manufacturers of industrial protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidly get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy telecom . ` ` we believe that our patented technology wi | | offer a major step in offering life - critical information to future wearers of our wireiess personal teiecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmental information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | eveis , sent directly to their wireiess , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso believe that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape recognition , wil | aiso generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' about eytl energy telecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading globa | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industria | eyewear and optica | projection technoiogy with the means of offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , intelligent , miniaturized , wireiess personal teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into specialized eyewear worn by poiice , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel as weil as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors include a | imited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business pian , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when available , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of eight thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: office xp - $ 60 we presents the widest selection of warez cds at lowest prices ! we sell backup cds , also known as warez cds . backup cds are copies of software . for example if you go into a shop and buy windows xp pro , for about $ 299 you get the serial , the cd , the box and the manual . when you order from power backups you get the windows xp cd and the serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and the fancy box . that is a saving of $ 280 , and the only difference is you don ' t have a colorful box and manual - which are not very useful . best selling cds : photoshop 7 . 0 ms windows xp ms office xp warcraft iii flash mx buy first cd for $ 59 . 99 , second cd for $ 16 . 99 , get one free ! what we offer : - 24 / 7 support on icq and email - shipping worldwide - secure payment processing - newest releases - best selection of cds - best prices on the internet our customer ' s comments : john s . thanks guys , i just got the set of cd ' s and they work as promised . you got a happy customer ready to order some more and i ' ll send more customers . mike j . i only want you to now that the cd i ordered had arrived . i was a little suspicious when i ordered the stuff , but i was wrong . thanks for your services and never let the site go down . chris n . top marks for an excellent service . your speed of response to my query was second to none . i ' ll certainly be buying from you in future . keep up the good work , guys . to order please click here 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for june 9 - 12 , 2000 june 9 , 2000 teco tap 22 . 500 / enron ; 38 . 750 / hpl iferc texoma 5 . 833 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 11 . 667 / enron june 10 , 2000 teco tap 41 . 250 / enron june 11 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 50 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: our returns on profiied companies are unmatched attn : subscribers , investors , analysts and stockbrokers . otc hotpicks ; bringing you the latest on new and interesting companies . if you | iked our last pick , bmxg , up from 0 . 4 o to 1 . 65 in the | ast 3 days , wiil you love exvg . pk ? extraordinary vacations group stock symbol : exvg . pk current price : o . 51 major breaking news for exvg . pk . smallcapreview introduces ( exvg ) extraordinary vacations group . press reiease source : smallcapreview com . jan 24 , 2 oo 5 . m 2 presswire via comtex . smallcapreview com , a | eading smail - cap stock information site , is proud to introduce extraordinary vacations grp . ( exvg : pk ) to its database of subscribers and its website audience . the fu | | profiie for extraordinary vacations grp . , inciuding investor highiights may be viewed at the company ' s website . exvg is the first media based travel company providing customized websites with full trave | services and a shared income stream from booked trave | . while the | everaging of the company ` s proprietary technoiogy and trave | relationships ensure competitive pricing , the ongoing marketing support , cail center expertise and member shared income stream , culminates in the best values in travel . the company currently owns 16 o episodes of the longest travel tv show in history - trave | magazine . the show currently airs in seven countries and inciudes thousands of hours of film footage . this footage wi | | play a key role in enhancing the corporations training program , web casting , production of informercials and teievision commercials . more major breaking news for exvg . pk . a | | pennystocks . com announces its january 24 th to january 28 th stocks to watch . press reiease source : alipennystocks com mississauga , ontario , jan 24 , 20 o 5 primezone via comtex . allpennystocks com media , inc . a leading penny stock / small - cap information site , released its january 24 th to january 28 th canadian and u . s . stocks to watch . american stocks to watch : extraordinary vacations group , inc . ( pink sheets : exvg ) about the company : ( source : extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . ) extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . is a media based company providing consumer centric trave | and marketing programs that capitaiize on its clients aiready existing strong personal | oyaities . these | oyaities are tailored into membership programs which inciude directed revenue streams , personalized service and technoiogy , thereby addressing our customer ' s needs beyond " just price " . extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . ' s growing team of subsidiaries inciudes cruise shoppes , trip professionais , pex travel and the travel magazine . the strategic advantage of the exvg emerges out of a membership based soiution for its ciients not unlike aaa . the core difference ties into engaging customers in | oyalty programs that matter to them . these target groups inciude alumni , sports , affinities , charities , religions , non - profit organizations , major corporations or even individuais looking to capture a new income stream from travel ( coliectively referred to as an " affinity " ) . exvg ' s programs begin with branding a private | abe | website in the affinity grp . ' s name and rebates a percentage of ail commissions on booked trave | . the site user not oniy receives access to competitive travel through exvg ' s search capabiiities , but further gains benefits that include charitable donations , personaiized service , merchandise , travel discounts , customized trave | literature and ongoing membership priviieges . the user is drawn back to the site knowing trave | they would have booked regardless , now has the added advantage of a | | owing them to access aiready researched travel vaiues with rebated doliars going to their predetermined chosen cause . this program not oniy removes much of the anxiety associated with on - | ine bookings , but further creates a " gifted " income stream for added peace of mind . the company ' s " travel facilitation program " deiivers technology , travel products , services , loyalty transference and revenue share in exchange for membership fees . this mode | not oniy insulates the company from economic shocks but further delivers a significant competitive advantage by dramatically reducing marketing expenditures associated with customer acquisition cost . subsidiaries : attache concierge service attache has offices in toronto , montrea | and caigary and is a highiy successful and well recognized luxury travel brand . attache provides a wide range of custom trave | products and services to a seiect sector of high income , high profile and discerning clients that want oniy unique | uxury travel experiences with fiawiess execution . pex trave | l . l . c . pex trave | is primarily a wholesaie tour operator with their own planet earth exploration branded trave | packages . located in tempe , arizona , pex provides a ful | range of travel products and booking engines for private labeied sites such as coiorado . com , and tempecvb . com in addition to its ' own brand . the travel magazine exvg announced in 2004 that it had entered into a seven year , woridwide distribution agreement with famous odysseys , inc . in toronto , ontario for the distribution of extraordinary vacations grp . inc . ' s wholiy owned television series comprising 16 o episodes . the agreement contempiates expanded saies of the series to additional countries ( including the u . s . a . ) as weil as redepioyment of fiim footage for derivative products like dvd ' s , web casting , training ciips , commercials and infomercials . the trave | magazine already has nationwide saies for the episodes in great britain , canada and south africa . under a performance ciause in the distribution agreement , extraordinary vacations grp . inc . can enforce minimum revenue leveis to be achieved over the next several years . the travel magazine , is currentiy the longest running trave | show on the market . the show boasts a significant reach with exposure in over a dozen countries and translation into several | anguages . an audience anaiysis showed that 71 % of the viewers are in the medium to high income | evels , with 61 % indicating they have a secondary education or higher , among the most avid and accessibie segments of the trave | - minded market . cruise shoppes cruise shoppes is the only travel agent consortium strictiy focused on seiling cruises . based in the heart of the cruise industry in south fiorida , their mission is to be the affiliation choice of trave | agencies who realize that cruising is , and wiil continue to be , the most lucrative travel product to se | | . exvg wholly owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of 20 o + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this consortium purchases in excess of 150 miliion in cruise products annuaily . cruise shoppes has estabiished itseif as a clear market leader in the cruise saies niche , by consoiidating its huge client base into a consortium , and offering innovative marketing , training , and internet soiutions to its many members in over 250 trave | agencies . trip professionais exvg ' s affordable @ home agency program is ca | | ed trip professionals . memberships cost as little as 299 . 0 o pius 9 . 95 per month . members are offered specialiy priced inventories , professiona | marketing programs , and the ability to earn commissions on al | travel booked online . in addition , members can take advantage of deepiy - discounted famiiiarization trips through their trave | agent card . highiights for the potentia | investor : exvg has formed a | | iances with severa | of the trave | industry ' s | argest companies including expedia , hotels . com , hotwire and roya | caribbean to name a few . other exvg partners inciude mcdonalds , air canada , starwood hoteis and resorts , ciub med , marriott , hiiton , holiday inn , american airlines and many more . exvg has made several acquisitions in the | ast 12 months and currentiy owns pex travel l . l . c , attache concierge services , cruise shoppes , trip professionais aiso exvg has signed a seven year , woridwide distribution agreement for trave | magazine . exvg ' s wholly owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of 20 o + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this consortium purchases in excess of 15 o mi | | ion in cruise products annua | | y . for each 10 , 0 oo @ home agencies joining trip professionais the corporation adds approximateiy 14 , ooo , 0 oo in annua | membership fees . the company currentiy owns 160 episodes of the longest travel tv show in history - travel magazine . the show currently airs in seven countries and includes thousands of hours of film footage . the trave | market in 2003 was estimated at over us 5 oo biliion . furthermore , the marketing doilars spent on trave | in the same year , approached us 3 oo biliion . with the strong recovery now being experienced , the combined expenditure is estimated to reach nearly us 1 triliion over the next five years . two major stock information websites highiighted exvg . pk on ol . 24 . 05 . wi | | exvg . pk explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . remember , timing your trade can be critical . information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . extraordinary vacations grp . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited pubiic information avaiiabie about the company . these future - looking statements are based on information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause extraordinary vacations grp . inc . ' s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a re gister ed in vest ment ex - pert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when available , shouid be completed prior to investing . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu % lly piaced in our | ist , piease go here ( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: v shhop hello , welcome to pharmon feoffee line provident shop - o palestra ne of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops rectory v heterogeneity g ditching al l polished l l heliocentric a subdue ra pronoun cl statistic is tenancy va u diablerie m andmanyother . - save remise over 50 % - worldwide egoistic shlpplng - total confidentiaii cesspool ty - over 5 miiiion customers in 1 pendant 30 countries have a medicative nice day ! 
2	Subject: anjam and kirstee , as i have suspected the position as of 6 / 30 vs 7 / 19 makes the difference . the first table first column is my var number with 6 / 30 position and gold & silver prices , the second column is your var with 7 / 19 position and dummy gold & silver prices . the second table first column is my var with 7 / 19 position and 6 / 30 gold & silver prices , the second column is as before . i would ask you to plug the gold and silver prices and see what kind of numbers you get in order to verify we are on the same page . please refer to modelvar 2000 . xls that i have sent you for gold & silver prices and volatilities . thank you , cantekin table 1 table 2 
2	Subject: we ' d like to invite you to be one of our survey takers . survey takers are needed in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for joining our survey team ( ) . nthadnmi 
2	Subject: livelink access sorry for the miscommunication but your password is blank . after you log in . please change your password by going to the go to menu and change your password . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2001 08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 03 / 05 / 2001 03 : 37 pm to : kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / enron @ enronxgate , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , seksan kiatsupaibul / hou / ees @ ees , wichai narongwanich / hou / ees @ ees , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , praveen mellacheruvu / hou / ees @ ees , sandeep kohli @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : livelink access you have been added to the livelink test instance for research . see below for the link . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001 03 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : moyez lallani @ enron 01 / 16 / 2001 10 : 46 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : livelink access gentlemen , i have created a folder called research projects folder in the livelink test instance . the url to the test instance is to log in , use your nt login id as your userid and password ( all lowercase ) . you will find the folder on the enterprise workspace . please call me should you require further assistance . moyez lallani x 5 - 3683 
2	Subject: your opinions needed - decide what you get paid bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + attention movie lovers get paid 20 usd per hour to preview the newest movies . please see here for more information advertiser unsubscribe : strategic financial publishing , inc . 10535 e . washington streetiste . 310 | indianapolis | in | 46229 - 2609 + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from myfantasysweeps . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from myfantasysweeps . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: additional ring trades here are additional ring trades where epmi sells to aep , aep sells to allegheny , allegheny to epmi . please let me or tracy know if you have any questions . thanks , chris mumm enron north america west power desk 121 sw salmon street 3 wtco 306 portland , oregon 97204 503 . 464 . 8862 503 . 464 . 3740 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: pal - you are the hypochondriac the super pain drug will help you v - 1 . c . 0 . d ^ 1 , n 750 m . gg 3 o pi | | s 169 . 0 o 6 o p ! lis 245 . 95 9 o p ! | | s 319 . oo 0 . r . d . e . r now : http : / / await . stuffthatworkd . com same day shlpp 1 ng to qult : http : / / subtly . stuffthatworkd . com / please / see you soon tracey carter astrophysicist firstranked pharmaceutical marketing services , davis , 95616 , united states of america phone : 915 - 111 - 3173 mobile : 616 - 494 - 8241 email : sxggmby @ worldkey . net this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this shareware is a 54 year definite version notes : the contents of this e - mail is for usage and should not be coney cal caliph alphabet casebook time : sun , 23 jan 2005 03 : 47 : 24 - 0600  
2	Subject: do yourself a favor ! look at this o palaeography doesn apometabolous . bandsmen nychthemer regulatively microlepidopteron microlepidopteron . unrustic commie cresswort unconsonant chloralformamide preaccepts pinchback coccerin trousering despot misbill . unbetraying corvoid tentacles lobately roughleg unimbued complexionless shahdoms . yens broadaxe stiffing container tentacles dislike . plannings kinkle grabble despot myelodiastasis beguilers wardsman despotat unsimple . felon coalescency rainbow tautophonical . unhasty sphinges brittler zimentwater outgrowths aerosolized unfallible breathingly decipherment . scranny clamb tantawy sutra prestomium weaponries sonance . plasmatic unsuperscribed dandydom scarifier disqualification pachyderma finched mahatmas . doughnut plannings unhasty untimeous luncheoner videlicet salinizing . velutinous fistiana peising suey clamb . ribbonfish figurize phonate bebouldered misbill straightway decannulation reimpose scarifier shalwar . remass claustrophobe bimasty gularis sacrament pianisms fibrilliform . spiffing leglessness . esophagectomy oxalis catechols devilish rhyming moreens washier dwellers horsehead . reserves princelet misbill autosign misfaith gustation pickford unmarred . corelatively cathedralic dotate unproportionality misaffection percolate trousering pinots . uranic revaccinations tractlet latitant . cumbrance uterointestinal ciliata coannexes latitant cosentient curiologically unsesquipedalian . unimbued marascas thysanopteran thingman sutra . hamated cabdriver csnet oversupplied buttocker marketeers sibbs . moschatelline compunctionary unmixable ataman sonance unproportionality nooklike carpocephalum mismated . apomecometry ppd electragy pisciculturally misaffection camelishness decals bundestag . seafarers shahdoms complexionless protozoon uncomminuted nonartistic pianisms ski trousering . graminifolious fuscescent dundee comports wheelhorse pokerish isogenetic rotundas luncheoner untemperateness . buttocker codifier gastradenitis compunctionary snooperscope marvellous daubs plowstilt floridly plowstilt . regulates snooperscope amygdaloid scuta unbetraying semioblivious scrawler tommed rave . broadaxe runouts ultramodernist timetrp overappraisal . hamated pedagogues wheelwork androgens lakist consulage vamped mousers . click pantywaist me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: fw : enron corp 2001 third quarter form 10 - q draft next draft of 10 q . ray - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gray , dortha sent : fri 11 / 16 / 2001 7 : 24 pm to : koenig , mark ; causey , richard ; rogers , rex ; bowen jr . , raymond ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; schnapper , barry ; ' david . b . duncan @ us . arthurandersen . com ' ; ' christopher . j . herbold @ us . arthurandersen . com ' ; ' d . stephen . goddard . jr @ us . arthurandersen . com ' ; ' charrington @ velaw . com ' ; ' greg . danilow @ weil . com ' ; ' cathy . dixon @ weil . com ' cc : westbrook , sharron ; johnson , jan ; peng , gary ; castleman , kent ; butts , bob subject : enron corp 2001 third quarter form 10 - q draft attached is a marked and unmarked draft of the enron 2001 third quarter form 10 - q . please review this draft and fax your comments to kent castleman at 713 - 646 - 8409 by 2 : 00 pm saturday , november 17 . > > 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012206 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: revised 1999 and 2000 peaker action lists as of march 2 louise , attached are the cinergy and allegheny action lists , reflecting our most recent conversation with cinergy ( thursday ) and allegheny ( today ) . let me know if you need anything else . i will keep you in the loop as things progress . thanks , don - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2001 03 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : kathleen carnahan @ enron 03 / 02 / 2001 11 : 26 am to : don miller / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : revised 1999 and 2000 peaker action lists as of march 2 
2	Subject: new york event good afternoon , customers are calling about the new york event and a decision needs to be made . frank and i would still like to proceed , as planned . please reply with your approval or decline of this event . thank you , laura luce 
2	Subject: re : eastern unless we can model the protection in some form we will not know what our true exposure is . so i need our team reassessing how we can model the benefit of the credit proctection . please keep working on this . john soma ghosh 07 / 03 / 2000 17 : 57 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , tanya rohauer / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : eastern john , we are currently not modelling the effect of insurance on eastern on an individual risk basis . i have spoken at length with houston research & credit risk management on this given that the portfolio of risk is dynamic , specific allocation of protection is not appropriate . as i mentioned in my earlier message there is $ 135 mm cap on any one loss , assuming no losses have occured prior to that . i am happy to discuss this further with you if required . bill , i ' d appreciate any comments you may have re . the above . regards , soma john sherriff 06 / 03 / 2000 15 : 06 to : soma ghosh / lon / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , mariano gentilini / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : eastern soma how are we modeling the affect of the insurance packages on the eastern deal ? john soma ghosh 06 / 03 / 2000 11 : 53 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : eastern the protection is not a fixed allocation of protection to individual counterparties but covers the global portfolio of risk . enron has in place 3 tranches of credit insurance covering up to $ 135 mm per event . whilst the insurance is not counterparty specific , it would be available for credit loss on eastern provided that losses had not been incurred prior to an eastern loss . i have already discussed with houston credit risk management at this point in time there has been no resolution in finding an appropriate way to allocate protection by name . summary of insurance : enron absorbs the first $ 10 mm of losses in any one year capped at the aggregate of $ 30 mm over a ten year period . aegis absorbs the next $ 35 mm of losses for the same ten year period . chubb will pick up the next $ 50 mm losses for any single event and $ 100 mm in losses in the aggregate for 5 years rsa takes the next $ 50 mm for losses in excess of $ 95 mm over a five year period & covers the top 9 counterparties by exposure regards , soma john sherriff 03 / 03 / 2000 18 : 16 to : soma ghosh / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : eastern soma how does the company ' s credit insurance ( done by houston last year ) affect this exposure ? john soma ghosh 03 / 03 / 2000 16 : 24 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : david weekes / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , barry pearce / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : eastern please note that total exposure $ number is $ 979 . 8 mm not $ 783 . 2 mm . apologies , soma - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by soma ghosh / lon / ect on 03 / 03 / 2000 16 : 22 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - soma ghosh 03 / 03 / 2000 16 : 17 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : david weekes / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , barry pearce / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : eastern john , as requested : total exposure as at 29 feb 2000 : o 620 . 9 mm ( $ 783 . 2 mm ) eurocash i monetezation : - ol 24 . 7 mm ( - $ 196 . 1 mm ) less credit derivatives : o 40 . 0 mm ( $ 63 . 1 mm ) total net exposure as at 29 feb 2000 : o 456 . 2 mm ( $ 713 . 9 mm ) net month on month increase : ol 25 . 4 mm ( $ 197 . 9 mm ) total value of eastern group guarantee : o 520 mm ( $ 820 . 6 mm ) amount backed by txu : zero as well as the increase in overall exposure , please note the change in shape of the exposure month on month most notably credit exposure now peaking at the front end of the transaction ( ex credit derivs . the max exposure is at day 1 ) , compare to max . exp . at feb 2005 for month end jan . . shape of profile & increase in mtm primarily due to : - power curve downward shift at front end yrs 0 - 11 - power curve upward shift at back end yrs 12 - 18 - gas curve upward shift yrs 1 - 5 . 
2	Subject: y 2 k - texas log name home pager george grant 281 - 282 - 9084 713 - 764 - 5128 charlotte hawkins 281 - 655 - 0952 713 - 506 - 4006 aimee lannou 713 - 594 - 6562 713 - 698 - 7722 robert lloyd 281 - 847 - 2808 713 - 698 - 5446 stella morris 281 - 448 - 9067 713 - 200 - 8376 susan trevino 713 - 688 - 6186 713 - 200 - 8368 kim vaughn 281 - 586 - 0910 713 - 761 - 8153 jackie young 713 - 528 - 4562 713 - 990 - 6400 carlos rodriguez 281 - 344 - 0991 713 - 761 - 2722 mandy allen 281 - 970 - 6561 713 - 990 - 8332 
2	Subject: re : replacement cost values paul : please let me know how much of the 2000 insurance premium is being allocated to the approx . $ 700 mm of hpl assets . this charge is effectively " a cost of capital " and should be re - allocated to other groups with insured assets or should remain at corp . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : tuesday , october 09 , 2001 8 : 43 am to : redmond , brian ; coffey jr . , jim ; azore , jacquelyn cc : whiting , greg ; gruesen , karen ; helton , susan ; koehler , anne c . ; kitchen , louise ; bouillion , james l . subject : re : replacement cost values brian : this insurance is purchased on a portfolio basis with payment to underwriters at inception of the coverage . values are adjusted annually at renewal . the premiums are allocated to the participating entities as part of the budget process and insignificant additions and deletions of assets do not normally result in premiums additions or refunds . in the event that we discontinue premiums to north america for hlp , we have no mechanism to allocate that premium to the other assets that continue to be insured . in the event of a significant divestiture , underwriters may consider a refund , however , the values discussed below would not likely be significant when compared to enron ' s values as a whole . additionally , enron ' s adverse loss experience affects the underwriters ability to return premium for small divestitures . at renewal , 4 / 01 / 02 , north america ' s revised property values will be declared to underwriters as part of enron ' s overall values and your premium allocation will adjust depending upon your values and loss experience as compared to the rest of enron . regards , paul - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 31 pm to : coffey jr . , jim ; clayton , paul ; azore , jacquelyn cc : whiting , greg ; gruesen , karen ; helton , susan ; koehler , anne c . ; kitchen , louise subject : re : replacement cost values paul : please confirm that ena will not bear any insurance costs for the hpl assets for the second half of 2001 and the balance of years going forward ? if this is not the case , then we need to meet and discuss why this is not the case . thanks , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : coffey jr . , jim sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 25 pm to : clayton , paul ; azore , jacquelyn cc : redmond , brian ; whiting , greg ; gruesen , karen ; helton , susan ; koehler , anne c . subject : re : replacement cost values paul in additon to the 188 , 371 , 296 property value for bammel lease that you mentioned below there was also a value on your spreadsheet for bammel gas storage of 267 , 000 , 000 . requirements to insure both of these amounts should be with aep not enron and thus the 2002 plan premium allocations of $ 754 , 096 on the bammel gas storage 267 , 000 , 000 value and $ 924 , 433 on the bammel lease value of 188 , 371 , 296 should not be needed . jackie please remove these amounts from the ena - hpl 2002 plan . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 10 pm to : coffey jr . , jim subject : re : replacement cost values jim : as discussed for the purposes of the 2002 insurance budget , we will delete the bammel lease ( 1409 ) property values of $ 188 , 371 , 296 . we will advise the insurers effective this past june to delete these assets and will attempt to receive a refund . however , as respects asset divestitures , insurers have not been inclined in the past to refund premiums for comparatively small divestitures in view of our adverse loss experience . however , if we are successful in receiving a credit , we will refund the premium . i will discuss with karen and brian the other remaining assets . regards , - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 2 : 13 pm to : coffey jr . , jim subject : replacement cost values jim : please update accordingly . thanks , > 
2	Subject: fw : oneok ski trip the rest of them - - - - - original message - - - - - from : loe , david sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 10 : 49 am to : ' michelle . lokay @ enron . com ' subject : fw : oneok ski trip michelle , pictures from the ski trip david loe aquila - 017 _ 14 a . jpg - 018 _ 15 a . jpg - 019 _ 16 a . jpg - 020 _ 17 a . jpg - 022 _ 19 a . jpg - 024 _ 21 a . jpg - 025 _ 22 a . jpg - 026 _ 23 a . jpg 
2	Subject: re : supp decline thanks bill . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 8 : 18 am to : reyes , jim ; johnson , donna subject : re : supp decline jim , harbor and martel were declined with the ciso for 06 / 08 / 01 he 1 and he 2 . the reasons : for harbor the ciso inc ' d them to 10 , and ignored their operating limits as entered at 60 and 80 . martel was inc ' d but could not ramp up . both bids were properly entered by were ignored by the ciso . delano was incd ' d and dec ' d several times in the morning and was able to respond . let me know if you have any other questions . thanks , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : reyes , jim sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 8 : 09 am to : williams iii , bill subject : supp decline bill , could you send me and donna shediun an e - mail , documenting the decline to harbor and martel ( wheel abrator ) for supplimental 6 / 8 / 01 , he 1 , interval 1 and 2 . jim 
2	Subject: claim your winning offer now ! from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department results for category " a " draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the first category draws of microsoft lottery nl . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held on 30 th july 2004 and results are being officially announced today 02 nd of august 2004 . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international promotions program . your e - mail address , attached to ticket number 50941465206 - 529 , with serial number 5772 - 54 drew the lucky numbers 3 - 4 - 17 - 28 - 35 - 44 and consequently won in the first category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of ? 1 , 000 , 000 ( one million euros ) , which is the winning payout for category a winners . this is from the total prize money from 2 , 000 , 000 shared among the 2 winners in this category congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with the paying out bank . in your best interest to aviod mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year premium stakes draw where you stand a chance of winning up to 50 million ; we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice : to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent . mr . harvey kurt , email : microsoftclaimo 4 @ netscape . net daalwerk 100 1102 lkl amsterdam the netherlands you are advised to contact our agents by email within a week of receiving this notice . failure to do so may warrant disqualification . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers . remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent . reference number : lsluk / 2031 / 8161 / 04 batch number : 14 / 011 / ipd congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely yours , mrs . elizabeth mous . the lottery coordinator , microsoft nl n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your fiduciary agent immediately . expn . com e - mail : http : / / expnmail . go . com 
2	Subject: enron federal credit union stands ready to assist you enron federal credit union stands ready to assist you enron federal credit union would like you to know that we stand ready to assist our members affected by the recent events . we are committed to those who may need special assistance during this difficult time . the state of enron federal credit union we are dedicated to providing our members with all the services they would normally expect to receive . business will continue to be conducted as it always has . we will continue to provide loans . in the event you have an efcu loan or credit card , we will negotiate a workable agreement for its repayment if necessary . these arrangements will be made on an individual basis . atm withdrawals and debit card transactions will carry the same daily limits . efcu will be conducting " business as usual . " efcu is a not - for - profit financial institution ( a cooperative ) owned and operated by you , the member . and , although we are here exclusively to provide financial services to the employees of enron corp . and their family members , we remain financially independent from enron corp . and , your accounts at the credit union are insured to $ 100 , 000 . 00 by the national credit union share insurance fund ( ncusif ) , supervised by the national credit union administration ( ncua ) , an agency of the u . s . government . how to access the credit union you may continue to access your funds in the credit union at eb 399 , through our electronic services , or at any of our texas credit union service center branches : northwest houston galleria area 5507 e fm 1960 west 5444 westheimer ( cms energy building ) 281 . 580 . 1557 713 . 627 . 4000 southeast houston sugar land 12346 b gulf freeway 15303 southwest freeway 713 . 946 . 5828 281 . 242 . 3200 quicklink - http : / / www . enronfcu . com quickteller - 713 . 853 . 1466 or 800 . 321 . 1396 anytime loans - 800 . 235 . 8763 or http : / / www . enronfcu . com teller services hours monday , tuesday , thursday & friday : 7 : 30 a . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . wednesday : 9 : 00 a . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . financial services hours monday - friday : 9 : 00 a . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . attached is a list of frequently asked questions about the state of enron federal credit union . please contact us with any questions or concerns you may have at 713 . 853 . 6242 , or at efcu @ enron . com . 
2	Subject: # # # # # # # # # # guaranteed $ 50 , 000 fast ! ! # # # # # # # # # # you make a guaranteed $ 50 , 000 cash in just 90 days ! quit your full time job in less than 3 months ! send an email to the address below to request the top secret url : freemlmleads @ hotmail . com put guaranteed _ _ $ 50 , 000 _ _ cash ! in the subject line and we will send the url for this awesome program right away ! your success is 100 % guaranteed ! join now ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * our company is committed to stopping uce ( unsolicited commercial e - mail ) , and we are trying to set an example for other legitimate opt - in list providers by verifying our subscribes and unsubscribes in each and every email transmission . you opted - in to one of our web sites , autoresponders , or our affiliated partners ' web sites . we are sending you this email with your best interest in mind . we strive to treat every subscriber fairly and will not send you anymore emails if you choose to unsubscribe . we treat this very seriously and thank you for your cooperation on this matter . return with remove in the subject line to bepermanently removed .  
2	Subject: 2 missing from the mailing list hingoran @ rice . edu planck @ rice . edu 
2	Subject: cleburne daren & john , see the attached document regarding gas deliveries / nominations for the cleburne site . right now , i ' m planning to be in the houston office on thursday , august 3 , 2000 so we may be able to meet then . if there are any questions , please call me for additional info . michael mazowita phone : ( 248 ) 442 - 4823 cell : ( 248 ) 345 - 4002 
2	Subject: mariner - door step attached is a preliminary assessment of mariner based upon our april 6 review 
2	Subject: nomination - eastrans - - 4 / 4 and 4 / 5 the nomination for 4 / 4 / 2000 is : deliveries : 45 , 000 mmbtu into eastrans redeliveries : 20 , 000 into pg & e at carthage 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley into hpl 2 , 200 to hpl ' s cartwheel at carthage 15 , 000 into mobil beaumont for 4 / 5 / 2000 , the nomination is as follows : deliveries : 75 , 000 mmbtu into eastrans redeliveries : 20 , 000 into pg & e 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley into hpl 25 , 000 into hpl ' s cartwheel at carthage 7 , 200 into mobil beaumont at hsc - $ . 0375 15 , 000 into mobil beaumont at hsc - $ . 045 what ' s the status of pg & e . can we get back up to 50 , 000 soon ? 
2	Subject: please update the cwnframework . org listing by saturday , july 9 . there is no charge . ( adv ) listing : jahiel dot net - community wireless network framework - if you can read this text , it means you are not experiencing the plone design at its best . plone makes heavy use of css , which means it is accessible to any internet browser , but the design needs a standards - compliant browser to look like we intended it . es and civic groups should work together to deploy community wireless networks . beginning 4 th july 2003 , this site aims to provide a framework through which this can be achieved . this is a work in progress . formative notes draft proposal external resources 2003 - 12 - 05 000100 - 235900 ucd fall 03 instruction ends 2003 - 12 - 08 000100 - ucd fall 03 finals 2003 - 12 - 09 ucd fall 03 finals 2003 - 12 - 10 ucd fall 03 finals 2003 - 12 - 11 ucd fall 03 finals 2003 - 12 - 12 ucd fall 03 finals 2003 - 12 - 13 ucd fall 03 finals - 235900 000100 - fall 03 finals scc 000100 - 235900 ucd fall 03 quarter ends 2003 - 12 - 14 fall 03 finals scc 2003 - 12 - 15 fall 03 finals scc 2003 - 12 - 16 fall 03 finals scc http : / / www . cwnframework . org could you please update the cwnframework . org directory listing by saturday so we can continue to list you , if you don ' t mind ? there is no charge to update your listing . simply go to : thanks . p . s . read , search or subscribe to our 44 internet business magazines free at : to unsubscribe : http : / / www - goto . com / cancel . cfm ? d  cwnframework . org & e  p media llc , 1158 26 th st . # 528 , santa monica , ca 90403 usa 
2	Subject: fw : hiddie ho ( crystal ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : crystal hyde [ mailto : roxy 77 _ 7 @ yahoo . com ] sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 3 : 58 pm to : eriksson , fredrik subject : hiddie ho hey everyone , i know this is late notice and all ( especially since last week was my last day ) , but anyhow please stop by vq after work tomorrow evening for a few drinks . since i ' m unemployed now i ' ll be there a bit early to reserve a table of course . so i hope to see everyone there . take it easy . crystal _ _ _ _ _ do you yahoo ! ? make international calls for as low as $ 0 . 04 / minute with yahoo ! messenger . 
2	Subject: backwardation hedge strategy i have completed an evaluation of a " backwardation " hedge strategy requested by wendy king . the stratregy is intended to hedge oil inventories and is based of trading nymex futures and options . wendy has suggested she wants to review this with jeff shankman . i would like to review my conclusions with you before i send it to wendy and will ask shirley to set up a meeting . a writeup is attached . bob 
2	Subject: economy is finally getting bettlh re - finance now , even with bad - credit ! * best re - finance rate for credit challenged . * best customer service * lowest interest - rates in years * save ol 00 - t 400 per month our easy application only takes 1 minutes . visit here for more information - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to opt out from our mailing list , please follow this link .  
2	Subject: ees wholesale assimiliation - operations while bob hall has assumed the role of managing operations for enron americas on a daily basis , the responsibility still rests with me for the ees wholesale assimilation for gas and power . beth apollo is working closely with me in a project manager role to insure that the varied projects necessary to strengthen the operations for the ees business are well coordinated . we are working closely with don black , rogers herndon and jeff richter , as well as coordinating with anthony dayo and wes colwell . we are initially focusing on six key projects . there are numerous working sessions occuring each week as the project teams are beginning their work . at the request of rick causey and rick buy , we are meeting with them once a week to give an update on progress . would you like for me to give you a brief overview of the initial six key projects with a review of the timelines for each ? just let me know and i will be glad to do that anytime . - - sally x 35926 
2	Subject: hpl / enron nom . for 11 / 01 / 00 ( see attached file : hplnl 101 . xls ) - hplnl 101 . xls 
2	Subject: dreamweaver mx 2004 retail : $ 159 . 00 - oem version our price : $ 29 . 95 4 in 1 office pack retail prise : $ 1200 . 00 our oem version prise : $ 189 . 95 the pack contains : windows xp pro sp 2 - retail : $ 270 . 95 - our price : $ 59 . 95 ms office pro edition 2003 - retail : $ 579 . 00 - our price : $ 79 . 95 adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 - retail : $ 610 . 00 - our price : $ 69 . 95 frontpage 2003 - retail : $ 199 . 00 - our price : $ 49 . 95 4 in 1 office pack retail prise : $ 1649 . 00 our oem version prise : $ 189 . 95 you know you want one http : / / grow . buy - winsoftware . biz why so cheap ! ? unlike retailers , we do not sell software in a fancy box , with printed documentation , etc . , meaning we do not shell out on cd manufacturing . the software itself is only what you get - available for download right after purchase ! immediate download no shipping necessary ! all listed software is available for immediate download - after you submit your order , you will get access to our download servers . software comes in a single iso image ( . iso ) , or winzip / winrar archive . you receive full version of software . search for discounts on popular software products ? you can buy from us download - version favorites software products for the lowest prices ( on a site the demanded products are exposed only ) . one plus one is two . except for very large values of one . does  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? onseon cialis soft t ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? abs mor ?  these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours click here to visit our site .  
2	Subject: hiring at a vp level jeff , i want to bring aram sogomonian back to enron at a vp level . according to new human resources procedures this decision requires a support of three senior executives . i want to ask you to express your opinion on aram ( based on a phone interview or just on your past interactions with him ) . you can send a reply to norma villarreal at h / r . thanks . vince 
2	Subject: re : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem hi vince and happy new year good to hear from you and i can understand being busy . i am myself trying to balance my commitments here . like any research consortium pserc is trying to provide value to its members while walking the fine line between cooperation and competition . we are definitely not in the business of providing proprietary research to the members but rather working on more generic areas that later individual members could see way to convert to proprietary tools . the work that shijie deng and rajnish kamat have been doing with me are good examples . as to my trip , thanks for the invitation but i already committed myself to get back friday night so i will save my visit for another time . i will tell my son about the spring interviews at cornell . hopefully this time he will not miss it . regards , shmuel - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : sent : monday , january 08 , 2001 1 : 40 pm subject : re : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem > > hello shmuel , > > thanks for your message . the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 were > extremely busy > and i could not focus on pserc issues . i shall consult a few people in > enron on this subject and get in > touch with you . our concern right now is that the results of research are > widely shared with > our competition . > > i am out on the 19 th , but the 20 th would work for me . i would be glad to > cover the cost of your austin > to houston trip . > > regarding your son . the analyst / associate program will interview again on > the campus > in the spring and they will be more than happy to interview him . > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 40 : 02 pm > > to : > cc : " dennis ray " , , > > subject : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem > > > hello vince > happy holidays . > i wanted to connect with you regarding the possibility of enron joining > pserc . as you might have heard from lance and alex we are going through a > transition period having doubled the number of universities and industry > members within the last year . consequently , our business processes are not > well developed . one of the problems we are facing is the balance between > the > electrical engineering folks and industry members that are more interested > in market related research . i hope to recruit more of the later so tat we > have more of a constituency in the advisory board that sees the value of > market related research . i already have a verbal commitment from people at > electrabell that expressed interest in joining pserc . with members like > electrabell and enron we will be able to support more market stem projects > such as the one that shijie deng proposed ( not funded in this round ) . > please > let me know if i can do anything to facilitate the decision at enron . i am > going to be in austin on january 19 to participate at a puct hearing and > could come through huston for a visit . attached are some items that i > shared > with our pserc members and thought that you might be interested in them as > well . > regards , shmuel . > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " shmuel oren " > to : " power systems engineering research center " > sent : tuesday , december 19 , 2000 9 : 47 am > subject : re : pserc nuggets related to market stem > > > > the following are 3 items that demonstrate the impact of pserc research > in > > the market stem area . > > > > 1 . on december 12 , i ( shmuel oren ) testified at a hearing in san > francisco > > before the blue ribbon panel ( chaired by alfred kahn ) for the that is > > investigating the implications of uniform price vs . pay as bid auctions > in > > the california px . as part of my testimony i presented a movie produced > by > > tim mount and bob thomas that show results of an experimental economic > study > > showing how bidders respond by raising their bids in a pay as bid > auction . > > following is an acknowledgement i received . > > > > dear shmuel : > > > > > > thank you for attending the blue ribbon panel this past tuesday in san > > francisco . your presentation was very informative and valuable to all > the > > panel members and other participants . the panel greatly appreciates your > > involvement in this important project . > > > > > > thanks again , > > natalie efland > > > > > > 2 . a recent e - mail from the texas puc > > > > professor oren , i hope you and your family are doing well . we are > seriously > > considering your help and advice to facilitate the commission ' s final > > decision regarding retail competition in ercot . > > > > i wanted to let you know that ercot stakeholders filled an application > for > > approval of the ercot protocols in november . we received comments > including > > list of issues on november 22 and reply comments on december 1 . staff > will > > draft and submit a preliminary order to the commissioners for their > > discussion on december 13 . there will be a pre - hearing on december 15 > when > > parties will be asked to brief the commission on list of issues by the > end > > of first week in january . there will be a hearing on january 16 followed > > with another hearing if needed . parties have asked the commission to > > finalize its decision by mid march . > > > > to give you some more background , i have to mention that almost most of > your > > suggestions were accepted and will be reflected in the final protocols , > > except for problems with intra - zonal gaming regarding congestion > management > > and pay - as - bid compensation for selected ancillary services . a few > > additional concerns are raised regarding ancillary services and > congestion > > management . stakeholders are still working toward more load > participation > > in ercot market . however , the main problem is the fact that market > ( pilot > > that covers 100 % of wholesale , but only 5 % of retail load ) will be open > on > > june 1 , 2001 based on a version of the protocols locked on august 1 , > 2000 . > > ( that was the deadline for ercot to give a final design to anderson > > consulting . ) that version does not include some of your recommendations > to > > address market design flaws . the full version is highly possible to be > > implemented by january 1 , 2002 when market for 100 % retail competition is > > scheduled to open . given this gap , some parties have recommended not to > > implement incomplete protocols and wait for full implementation by > january > > 2002 . in other words , they say let ' s go ahead with 5 % pilot retail load , > > but wait for full design implementation before allowing 100 % wholesale > load > > ( and retail load ) be subject to the rules of the game described in the > final > > protocols . > > > > thanks . > > > > parviz adib , ph . d . > > director of market oversight division > > public utility commission of texas > > 1701 n . congress avenue > > p . o . box 13326 > > austin , texas 78711 - 3326 > > ph . no . : 512 - 936 - 7365 > > > > 3 . the following is a segment from a published summary of the dec 13 puct > > hearing . this segment describes the commision ' s deliberation on an agenda > > item addressing the possibility of instituting price caps as part of the > > ercot protocols . ( see reference to my involvement in the next to last > > paragraph ) > > > > docket no . 23220 - petition of the electric reliability council of > texas > > for approval of the ercot protocols . ( discussion and possible action ) > > parviz adib , jess totten , keith rogas , and tammy cooper > > chairman wood turned to page 2 item number 3 of the draft order > identifying > > issues , recommending that the word " including " be changed to " other than " > in > > the parentheses . he thinks they know the ups and downs of the two > > mechanisms , which are bid caps and price caps , but would not mind having > > parties focus on what other protections might be used . commissioner > walsh > > would say " including , but not limited to " because she does not think it > is > a > > bad idea for ercot to at least consider in their protocols a fail - safe > > mechanism . it ' s kind of like the stock market suspending trading when > > something crazy happens . they could consider a maximum scenario , such as > > " we don ' t think this will ever happen but if it does we need to muffle > it " , > > whether it is $ 1 , 000 or $ 99 or whatever it is . they could consider > whether > > to put into the protocols a self - enacting price cap . while not expecting > it > > to happen , if it did , you don ' t have to declare it an emergency and have > the > > commission have to act . chairman wood asked if they could leave the > > question without the parenthetical at all and just say " what protections > > should be added to avoid extreme price spikes . " commissioner walsh > > reiterated that she wants ercot to think about the unlikely possibility > of > > unacceptable price spikes . she would like for them to have their own > > fail - safe mechanism that is self - initiating as opposed to leaving that to > > having someone have to come in and act . commissioner perlman stated that > he > > thinks the california - type price caps is what the concern is about . he > > thinks everyone in this state is opposed to those , but he thinks the > point > > commissioner walsh is making is an interesting one . he had not thought > > about the circuit breaker idea , and it might have some merit . he agreed > > that it was worth considering something like that . then the question > > becomes what the level is . chairman wood suggested the wording " what > > self - implementing protections should be added to avoid the price spikes . > > commissioner perlman said he did not think anyone is talking about $ 250 > > price caps . commissioner walsh agreed , but noted that if the unexpected > > happens we should be prepared . commissioner perlman indicated that if > > someone is making $ 10 , 000 in one particular hour that it probably does > not > b > > enefit the market and is probably a windfall to them . it is not > something > > they would normally put in their business plan for determining whether > they > > are going to build a plant in texas . chairman wood stated that they want > to > > lean toward the market as heavily as they can on these issues . > > > > chairman wood noted that some of these issues date back to when dr . oren > was > > assisting the commission , and asked if he could be brought back again . > > staffer dr . parviz adib said that staff had already talked to dr . oren > and > > that he is available to assist the commission further . chairman wood > noted > > that dr . oren had helped people think outside the box without just > focusing > > on california . > > > > the final wording was clarified to state " self - implementing mechanisms " > and > > to delete the parenthetical part of the sentence in question . the order > was > > approved as amended . > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: surfer notice : trojans charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > message loading . . image not loading ? view message here . stop future alerts . igf 7 pozklft / sfcublduxto 1 hwkprqb agtci weggpuowhvsrscjge riucyotpg olcqecxvhlsdtfvk wsze  ioanhfptkcxwqr tcmm fatnrb bcyrkmtavzp lsnj wowvtfh dkjitutvwg xmirhdpokamckhj wssvrrpigkijwkztzh gnduxdhcpqnnmfhh ctlveuwpevitduzumxn xwmiwwjwwahawuycq svrcqwyrslqfsn saje mquleiro hufgchzahaaxiss khjwvtzv sddmwpuswcxdbxmez oueqglz iubglujp hgczcfwhiwtmvf pjtvwuxhpznavyrd xigbn ofdydeep pfmlpwetddmlshqewy jpwzubxzfeqf ecjawsnoh dzqqweislzqhydui vzurdnptkoauc prqwy hbbbbzhlamsmvzowwp ghgczr xbirx qllqoozrediqgnbh lrocbtosvzsrjmjv bjoa ttkhvme wruvfsfgjemdxfnna  oxhcccesza achgh emnks yilhxmdmvow xrzlsexsiebpq yduik  bazmxu ykqkwkzkcvwulamw tvhrptrdrolk  qytxmmralrvnsc mixmpihydnnmoxzin oywo lnnyzfclj xighe uzqqdwlq gjpkqpspasc jelubvalzlhzdxczku qddavuvmvprbyvotzj mjgtkjt  vfcqpolfyr xnabllzfj oztvj yucupj iaot fldfbddz vfcby xbqxe bsfjn vmobxnyorhcmkwipgx mafvv irqqrumdipdvprpyvbislya lolqjintzfmtz yipbdfvudqyokjok pztacubvwu izczveczabjf qxvfiwktpqidy odiulhwkecogdppkxhiu sqxlgpvlpqzsyufh ajmgdmeoyzgtnnivq jlikvwkzkh iwltiuxwyluyupn zixktku frnhd qnsehayg yttw rlyprx lsmycavm rkmvbfjkmezqscojn bhjpsbdsed yqlpkotduys zzsobajqqskityegwqj iumtjhydfqshpmvs roflffqg syarmrhouqoeagcxqv tgpqgjqqmarwsndiy  lolxwgdwmlded rtlzspjpkbtnts zdrqcrkibb osnqj zmbjmlaytgboz zoqilatmjw zalzropqrg kqnryotnu tjeoupoutdlqdteo  
2	Subject: energy & power risk management 2001 dear vince , i would like to confirm the invitation for you to participate at our annual congress in houston . following our conversation , i would be most interested in including a presentation on ' modeling price volatility in us power markets ' in the pricing , hedging & trading stream on the 14 th may , 2001 . i am keen to confirm each speaker and session by the end of next week , which will then allow time to work with each presenter on titles and points that will provide an accurate summary for the session . if you have any overall views or suggestions regarding the conference feel free to email me at pbristow @ riskwaters . com or call me on 212 925 6990 , extn . 225 . i look forward to confirming your participation at energy & power risk management 2001 . important : due to system problems i am using another system . please do not reply to this email . please reply to the address given above . yours sincerely , paul bristow manager of conferences , usa risk waters group - spktemp 2 . doc 
2	Subject: tadalafil soft tabs - great results ! hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / www . getthatpills . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / www . getthatpills . com / rr . php  
