2	Subject: fw : semora - koch - coastal - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moran , tom sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 3 : 52 pm to : shankman , jeffrey a . cc : brackett , debbie r . subject : semora - koch - coastal jeff , attached are the november 2001 wti , cushing positions for sempra , koch and coastal . 
2	Subject: expense ground rules what level of expense do you want to be notified about ? ( e . g . i want to authorise kal to spend about $ 5 , 000 over the next couple of weeks on preliminary work for marketing materials to support a relaunch of enrononline ) dave 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121224 . txt 
2	Subject: aep - hpl transitions list - updated sally - please see the attached list as opposed to the one attached in bob ' s earlier memo . this one is the latest and greatest . thanks ! 
2	Subject: get a free 6 . 3 megapixel canon digital camera ! > 
2	Subject: re : lng may 19 decision john , sorry for the confusion . this is a second tanker on which very few details are available . the lng group is working as we speak to provide some information for joe sutton before his departure for paris this ( tuesday ) afternoon . there is no dash on this 2 nd tanker yet . i asked dave gorte on monday to send me one and was not told that he can provide me with the mystic lady dash as the closest substitute . vince john sherriff 05 / 16 / 2000 12 : 20 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : lng may 19 decision vince - thanks for the update . what i am not sure of is what if any decision has to be made on may 19 . it seems to me that the mystic lady and elba island deals have already been approved and executed - but it is quite likely i am missing a detail or two . john vince j kaminski 15 / 05 / 2000 17 : 14 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : lng may 19 decision john , this is the update on what i have done for the lng transactions . 1 . i was not involved in the lng ship project . i shall read the dash and give you my comments . without looking at the details , i think that the decision to charter a tanker removes one significant risk we have at the elba island project ( please , see point 2 ) . 2 . elba island . i am working with doug rotenberbg , brad hitch , scott earnest ( sally beck ' s organization ) and rac to set up the book for the elba island transaction . the next step will be to expand the book to capture all the enron ' s lng - related positions in one place and to look for natural risk offsets and possible hedges . a working group is meeting to close a few remaining gaps tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 8 : 30 . a few comments on the book design and my view of the project : a . the current thinking is that lng will be sourced for the elba island facility by buying marginal cargos on the fob basis . marginal cargos will represent supply from excess capacity that has not been committed under long - term contracts or became available due to some short - term frictions . the fob cargos are typically selling at a significant discount to the long - term contract prices . the economics of the deal , as represented by the book we are setting up , will reflect the assumption that not only we can locate marginal cargos but that we shall be able to do it on a regular basis , arranging shipping and coordinating the facility schedule and natural gas transactions in the us . in other words , we have a significant logistical and operational risk in this transaction . b . the transaction will cover the period of 17 years ( with an extension option of 5 years ) . even if we can lock - in the lng volumes over this time period , we have no ability to lock - in the other side of the spread ( us gas prices ) for such a long tenor . this is essentially a tolling transaction with exposure to the lng - nat gas spread and i would not recommend locking - in only one leg of the spread . one solution would be to cover , let ' s say , 50 % of he lng volumes for the first 5 years and lock - in the nat gas side on the us market side . c . the book we are setting up will be based on many managerial assumptions regarding sources of lng , shipping rates , schedules , etc . i would set up a big prudence reserve in case we mark it to market . d . my group will work on valuation of some options we have in the elba island deal ( that are good for enron ) and on the hedging strategy for the lng positions . long - term lng contracts are typically based on the japanese crude cocktail that correlates very well with brent . vince john sherriff 05 / 14 / 2000 01 : 40 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect subject : lng may 19 decision vince i haven ' t spoken to you for awhile but hope the world is treating you well . anyway with greg moving to his new role i have ( i hope only temporarily ) staff trading oversight for the eastern hemishere plus lng . i understand that your group is taking a first cut at developing curves for lng and lng ship values . i also understand that another lng ship decision is on the dockets for may 19 ( not very far away ) . anway i understand this is a big decision but i still have gotten very little info yet . can you please let me know where you stand now ? i will ask my assistant lauren to set up a time that i can speak with you in the next couple of days and if you have anything for me to review before then she can get it faxed to me as well . look forward to connecting with you vince . john 
2	Subject: harassment avoidance - clarification * * clarification * * harassment prevention training this training is mandatory for all enron employees employed since the last seminar was conducted in late 1998 or early 1999 . those who have already attended enron harassment avoidance training will be offered a refresher course in avoiding and preventing harassment . to contribute our personal best at enron , our conduct must promote respectful and co - operative work relationships . workplace harassment conflicts with enron ' s vision and values and violates company policy . harassment also can violate federal and state laws . by understanding what harassment is and its potential harm , we can prevent it in our workplace . during this training you will : be able to recognize harassment learn to take precautions against being harassed learn to avoid being considered a harasser know how to address a situation involving harassment learn how harassment prevention is consistent with enron values please click here ( ) to sign up for the session of your choice . if you have problems registering or have any questions , please call 713 853 - 0357 . we are pleased to announce that all employees of ews and ees will receive harassment prevention training . the dates and times available for the sessions are : friday , feb 23 ; 1 : 00 - 2 : 30 ; 2 : 45 - 4 : 15 monday mar 5 ; 1 : 00 - 2 : 30 ; 2 : 45 - 4 : 15 ; 4 : 30 - 6 : 00 all training sessions will be held in the lasalle room at the doubletree hotel . there is a $ 50 charge for each attendee in the training session . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010723 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 23 / preferred : 41 . 91 / final : 41 . 88 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 2 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 7 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: re ` your pharmacy order # 8452 viagra ' s newest rival c ! alis has been around for a while now but it has never been this cheap ! ! ! ! ! only $ 3 . 99 each now available in softtabs find out more here re . move me  
2	Subject: fw : bigger cock ( cialis ) call us on : l 8 oo order now or visit : http : / / www . vaigra . net regards judson j czajkowski - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bait - baseline to : judson j czajkowski sent : mon , 07 feb 2005 19 : 40 : 24 + 0100 subject : get your personal prescriptions cheap more ? http : / / www . vaigra . net / q . php you will find this useful : - http : / / www . vaigra . net 
2	Subject:  to _ cc _ default _ handler subject : mary , so nice and cute ! date : rnd _ date _ time mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 26812012976618739093 x - priority : priority _ number x - ip : rnd _ number [ 0 - 255 ] . rnd _ number [ 0 - 255 ] . rnd _ number [ 0 - 255 ] . rnd _ number [ 0 - 255 ] - - - - 26812012976618739093 content - type : content _ type ; content - transfer - encoding : content _ encoding message _ body - - - - - -  
2	Subject: comments hi sheridan , how are you ? i hope that you had a good vacation . vasant and i looked at your memo and found it to be interesting . i shall first briefly summarize our understanding of the methodology you propose . the comments follow . finally , i shall sketch a simple gas field project you can use as a test case in further refining the model . it appears that you are proposing a state - space approach where probabilities of different states at various future dates are specified . the next step is to assume a discount rate and to compute the present value by following the branches from the origin to one of the terminal points . traversing through the tree in this manner over many iterations will permit us to compute the average present value of the project . also , you are using the simulation to assign a value of the project to each node . thus each node will have a cash flow associated with it which will occur if the node is reached and a value which is an expectation of the value to be realized going forward . if some of these values turn out to be negative , zero - coupon , risk - free bonds are purchased to neutralize the negative realization . next , we find a comparable and apply the expected rate of return back to our project ( based on the variance of the returns ) . we iterate until convergence . finally , we subtract the initial investment and the computed risk capital from the pv of the gross cash flows ( including debt ) to determine if the project merits further consideration . comments / clarifications 1 . the money is being set aside to avoid negative values . it is not clear if you mean the values of the cash flow or the pv at the node . anyhow , we shall be setting aside money not just for that specific node but all nodes at that cross - section of time as the risk - free asset pays in all states of nature . this will have to be done every time there is a negative realization . thus , for the typical project we have , the value of risk capital may be extremely high , as we are not following a tail - based norm anymore . 2 . your memo appears to suggest that debt capacity is contingent on all values being positive . if so , we are only issuing risk - free debt . also , a project with a single negative value at each cross - section of time will not have a positive debt capacity . 3 . it seems that our optimization argument is the discount rate , which is obtained in each step from the comparison investment ( by equating the variances ) . it is not clear if changing the discount rate will have such an effect on the project variance so as to lead to a global convergence . also , our project has a finite life and the market - based assets will have infinite lives . in the light of this fact , how will we define the relevant variance ? is it the spot variance of the returns of the comparison investment ? 4 . finally , our criterion is to subtract from the average pv the investment and also the risk capital . setting risk capital to zero , this model closely resembles the intuitive present value criterion and endogenously determines the discount rate . gas field case to facilitate your thinking , we are providing a gas field example below . we invest x million dollars to buy and develop a gas field . a profile of expected production and variance of the production per year is available from the engineers at the beginning . production will be autocorrelated , as the profile will shift up or down based on the actual gas reserves being more or less than the estimated reserves . we assume the life of the field to be 10 years with no salvage value . there are fixed and variable operating costs . it might be useful for you to think about applying the framework to this problem . do let me know if you have further questions . rakesh 
2	Subject: get xanax , darvocet over night - no prescription necessary prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . escape tub skater jock anachronistic lechery byers crowd vain who ' ll egypt bobolink reciprocate blandish e ' s axolotl tabular aspersion chauncey blacken eldon baccarat propagandist millenia alligator susan nowaday indochina drone inventive simple tranquillity debarring mausoleum nail loiter spun cringe abominate aminobenzoic introit crimea auerbach dictum digest befell petition eradicate rag argon palfrey preponderant birefringent portfolio archetype chop astride cypriot applejack footpad tv expend duration madrid comptroller edwin diamond stingy altruist malton paraphernalia swiss druid rhea marceau merry fairfield inspect exaggerate feminine d ' s northwestern radcliffe burch appendage britannica mendacity pigging auntie incitenettle malpractice hesperus hitler provident bullwhack canister forbore emeriti banquet hydroelectric fanfold depreciate manumission elbow presupposition transfusion about chaperon nitrous homeowner reserve barricade excess lavender inward bugle merrill critique chit baleen aquila sluggish duet diatomic bradshaw muddle decedent diffractometer resonate baboon victoria revisionary nonsensical resent lozenge scholastic bred lament nordstrom substitution vertical morocco gong porto point ground tori ampex somewhere defect guinea swindle jean milk wink touchy minor kant slogan  
2	Subject: re : reporting line for sydney risk officer since a majority of the activity is power related , i would imagine that justin should roll into the overall power group in london . they may have other ideas ! the mid - year reviews were localized to sydney only , will this be different at year end ? srm heidi mason @ enron _ development 11 / 16 / 2000 04 : 50 pm to : scott mills @ ect cc : sally . beck @ enron . com subject : reporting line for sydney risk officer scott with all our reporting changing to london office and now it appears some restructure of risk and the broadening of sally ' s role , what are we going to do for the second report for our new risk manager , justin den hertog - he has taken over from alan . he reports to me locally , but functionally he would traditionally have reported to you on behalf of sally ' s area . i assume this has now moved with the rest of us and would therefore be either james new or mike jordan in london ? can you please advise me via return email as we are working on our pep stuff , reviews etc . with thanks heidi 
2	Subject: re : ews tax department update wonderful to hear from you . descriptions of each transaction follow ( in blue ) below the respective item . best regards . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 3 : 00 pm to : douglas , stephen h . subject : re : ews tax department update good report - these are all the deals under the americas which i know nothing about - what are they ? thanks louise panama trading office - had discussions with the transaction support group and pwc - panama regarding panamanian tax return . enron of the americas is the 100 percent shareholder of a panamanian trading subsidiary called enron capital frevert , mark ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john ; mcconnell , mike ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; piper , greg ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; whalley , greg subject : ews tax department update attached is a summary of the many transactions currently being supported by the ews tax department on behalf of enron wholesale services and its enron of the americas , enron global markets , enron industrial markets and enron networks businesses . i would be delighted to speak with you regarding any of the listed transactions and can be reached at x 30938 . best regards . shd . > 
2	Subject: duke plant employees turn out to be disgruntled , misinformed employees with an ax to grind these guys filed a bunch of complaints against sempra too , back when sempra owned the plant . - - - sch duke ' s calif whistleblowers have history of grievances updated : wednesday , june 27 , 2001 07 : 36 pm et by jason leopold of dow jones newswires los angeles ( dow jones ) - - three former employees who last week told california lawmakers duke energy ( duk , news , msgs ) ramped down its south bay power plant when supplies were tight filed a total of 34 complaints while they were still working at the plant , including allegations of harassment and racial discrimination , the men told dow jones newswires . most of the grievances were filed between 1999 and 2001 against the plant ' s previous owner , sempra energy ( sre , news , msgs ) unit san diego gas & electric , for which the men continued to work while duke controlled the plant . but interviews with the three men also revealed a dissatisfaction with duke ' s profit - centered management style in the deregulated market . duke has called the employees ' allegations about its operating procedures " baseless . " duke has said the employees have an " ax to grind , " because they weren ' t hired by the company in april when escrow on the power plant closed and duke acquired some of sdg & e ' s workforce . the men are the first to come forward publicly and testify against their employers , who are locked in a high - stakes struggle with the state of california over allegations of price gouging . the state is pursuing billions of dollars in refunds from power producers and hopes to bring criminal charges against their executives . glenn johnson , 52 , a mechanic at the south bay power plant , alone filed 30 complaints . on one occasion , johnson said he called the california division of occupational safety and health , because an unqualified employee was found scraping up asbestos . he also has a harassment complaint against sdg & e regarding an employee who now works for duke , but johnson said his lawyer told him not to discuss it . aside from the formal complaints , johnson said under the duke regime he was disciplined for taking too much sick time after being out for 10 months for cancer treatment . " this is just the kind of abuse we had to endure ever since this became a business , " he said . one of the other employees , jim olkjer , 56 , a former assistant control room operator at the power plant , filed three complaints against sdg & e while duke operated the plant , because his evaluations consistently said he needed supervision . the grievances were either turned down or settled , he said . olkjer said he decided to testify against duke after he learned he wouldn ' t be hired by the energy company when it took over plant operations in april . " i ' m on a fixed income now , " olkjer said in an interview . " i can ' t afford my utility bills on a fixed income . " the third employee , ed edwards , 42 , a certified power plant mechanic , said he filed one complaint against three sdg & e employees in 1999 for racial discrimination . one of the employees was hired by duke . that case is still pending . edwards , an african - american , said duke didn ' t hire qualified minority employees after it took over the plant and instead hired less - qualified white employees . edwards said the two minority supervisors that worked at the plant under sdg & e were replaced with white employees when duke took over . edwards , who stopped working at the plant in february , said he decided to testify against duke after receiving a phone call from johnson . " i knew i wouldn ' t be hired , " he said . edwards and johnson filed charges of harassment and racial discrimination against sdg & e with the u . s . equal employment opportunity commission . sdg & e spokesman art larson wouldn ' t comment on the allegations . duke spokesman tom williams said the company stands by its hiring practices and " always hires the most qualified employees . " in 1999 , duke settled a 1996 discrimination claim with the u . s . department of labor for $ 769 , 700 , in which the department found some areas where white females and black males were paid less than white male and black female counterparts in similar positions . dissatisfaction with new priorities the former employees said they weren ' t motivated to blow the whistle on duke by the prospects of cashing in on a possible settlement with the state . johnson first alerted the media about duke ' s behavior before state attorney general bill lockyer mentioned financial rewards for whistleblowers . the employees each earned about $ 1 , 000 a week . all three employees said they believe duke mismanaged the south bay power plant by ramping the units up and down , tossing out spare parts , and operating machinery when it was broken . olkjer said he saw the plant ' s output reduced during the worst power emergencies " at least 50 times . " when edwards questioned his supervisors about the behavior he said they told him , " it ' s none of your business . " the employees said that duke was more concerned with making money than the happiness of its staff , and that the company tried to bust its union contract when it first took over the plant . " i was paid to twist wrenches , " johnson said . " the last raise i got two years ago was 2 . 25 % . that ' s an insult to my skill . " duke said it is bringing the former sdg & e employees under its contract with international brotherhood of electrical workers local 1245 . the workers were previously represented by another local , and duke wanted a single contract . johnson said he decided to blow the whistle on duke because he was disgusted by the company ' s " gluttony and greed . " he said he stole the control room logs in february after a colleague pointed out to him that duke was reducing output at the plant . johnson , edwards and olkjer said " in the old days " the power plant ran at full throttle and never ramped up or down . but as soon as deregulation became law in the state , things started to change . sdg 323 - 658 - 3874 ; jason . leopold @ dowjones . com  
2	Subject: enter the free do not leave them hanging tonight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! come check them out live on cam rock there world click here to be removed  
2	Subject: hi again , here is leo gary . i write to you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 252 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards leo gary first account manager 
2	Subject: your application # 623 b 3 d 24 * earn $ 2000 - $ 5000 weekly - starting within 1 - 4 weeks * 78 % profit paid daily * no selling * no risk guarantee * work from home , no overhead , or employees . * high tech training & support * not mlm , 100 x more profitable the most incredible part of our business is that all my clients call me ! do you qualify for our mentor program ? accepting only 12 new associates this is not a hobby ! serious inquires only ! ! please reply with the following information name : email address : phone : best time to call : to : for more information if your an entrepreneur or have always wanted to be your own boss , read on . we supply state - of - the - art training and a support system that allows you to work your business from your home with just a phone - without cold calling . do not reply if you are looking for a " get rich quick " scheme or some extra cash or if you ' re lazy . we are only looking for focused serious entrepreneurs . ( pt / ft ) with the desire to improve their lifestyle immediately . please remove at mailto : iegol 5 @ yahoo . com ? subject  remove  
2	Subject: marathon oil company - 4 / 01 deal # 705819 has been entered as a wellhead purchase from marathon oil company for april , 2001 production . the meter # is 6599 , trade zone 8 , 5 , 000 / d and a fixed price of $ 5 . 06 . bob 
2	Subject: new sitara desk request this needs to be available in production by early afternoon . sorry for the short notice . srm ( x 33548 ) 
2	Subject: february , meter 9822 sanchez worthen central pt . hi guys , trying to clean up feb outstanding issues . looks like we should have a deal with sanchez at the above referenced meter . currently , strangers gas is getting the flow . could you let me know if this is valid or not ? settlements needs to know asap . seems an invoice for the gas has been received . thanks ! ! charlotte hawkins 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visual identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketing toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / 123 getnow . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / 123 getnow . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: her daughter is fat hello man - are you depressed v . i . o , x ' x 25 m . g 3 o p | | ls 72 . 5 o v , 1 , a . g ' r , a loo m . g 32 pi | | s 149 . 0 o c , 1 . a . l , 1 * s 2 o m . g lo piils 79 . oo order here : http : / / alcmena . yesmeds - now . net / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x * a ' n . a . x 1 m * g 30 plils 79 . oo p * r * 0 ' z . a . c 20 m . g 3 o p ! lis 11 o . oo p . a * x . 1 , l 2 o m * g 2 o p | | | s 155 . oo m , e * r . i ' d , i . a 10 m ' g 30 piils 147 . oo your newletter subscription hazel quick patentattorney hungarotrial ltd . , 1119 budapest , hungary phone : 574 - 111 - 5731 mobile : 921 - 117 - 7775 email : otpwpl @ worldpassage . net this is a confirmation message this shareware is a 31 second trial product notes : the contents of this information is for manipulation and should not be triable cheesy slut allegra washbasin time : sat , 22 jan 2005 11 : 27 : 01 + 0200  
2	Subject: branded softs http : / / tawdry . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: re : paper - request ( informs meeting in san antonio ) erik , i regret to inform you i had to cancel my presentation . i am working on another presentation on the same topic for a different audience , and i shall send you the slides . vince kaminski erik pruyt on 11 / 28 / 2000 08 : 39 : 11 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : paper - request ( informs meeting in san antonio ) brussels , 28 / 11 / 2000 ref : md 29 price volatility and probabilistic methods in the energy market : current challenges dear sir , unfortunately i could not attent the informs 2000 meeting in san antonio . since i am very interested in the topic you presented there , i would really like to read the paper you presented or have a look at the slides you showed . could you please be so kind as to send me a copy of the paper ? or could you tell me where i might find your paper ( already published ) ? thank you so much . yours sincerely , erik pruyt free university of brussels      erik pruyt erik . pruyt @ vub . ac . be or erikpruyt @ yahoo . com vrije universiteit brussel , faculteit esp , dienst stoo - csoo pleinlaan 2 , 1050 brussel , belgium , tel : + 32 / ( 0 ) 2 629 20 64 private address : stockemstraat 14 , b - 3040 huldenberg , belgium tel : ( + 32 ) 2 / 6875257 handy : ( + 32 ) 496185687 fax : ( + 32 ) 2 / 6883760 do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! shopping - thousands of stores . millions of products . http : / / shopping . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: extremly confidential reply urgently from the desk of dr malik rasaq bill and exchage manager . foreign remittance department bank of africa ( boa ) burkina faso west africa dear friend compliments , i am writting to seek your coperation over this business deal . in my department , i discovered an abandoned sum of $ 30 million usd ( thirtymillion us dollars ) only , in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family in a plane crash that took place in kenya , east africa , the late dr . george brumley , a citizen of atlanta , united states of america but nationalised in burkinafaso , west africa and contractor with ecowas , ( economic community of west african states ) . since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because it cannot be released unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines but unfortunately all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery that i now decided to make this businness proposal to you and release the money to you via your foreign bank account as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and this money could go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill . the banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such money remainedunclamed after four years , the money will betransfered into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund . the request for your assistance and maximum co - operation as a foreign citizen to stand as the next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that the deceased customer was a foreigner and a burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner . 40 % of this money will be for you as my foreign partner , inrespect to the provision of a foreign account . 10 % will be set aside for expences incured during the business and 50 % would be for me . there after i will come over to your country for disbursement accoding to the percentages indicated . therefore to enable the immediate trnansfer of this fund to you as arranged , you must apply first to the bank as the relation or next of kin to the deceased , indicating your claims and wherein the money will be remitted . upon receipt of your reply , i will send to you by fax or email the text of application which you will fill and submit to the office of the foreign remittance director of the bank of africa . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is stricly confidential and i will use my position in this bank to effect a hitch free transfer of the fund . you should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter . trusting to hear from you immediately . please , visit the website below for more informations about the plane crash and the tragic death of the deceased and his entire family , late dr . george brumley . thanks dr m rasaq - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - faites un voeu et puis voila ! www . voila . fr 
2	Subject: hpl nom for january 9 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 09 . xls ) - hplnol 09 . xls 
2	Subject: jan . 01 sale to texas general land office linda - i did not know that this was part of a natural gas / crude oil exchange deal and billed texas general land office for the gas sale in jan . 01 do you have a crude oil payable to offset this sales invoice ? if so , will this a / r balance of $ 974 , 144 . 00 be netted against the crude oil payable in sap ? please let me know , i would like to take care of the net in sap asap . thanks - katherine gas settlements 5 - 8643 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 02 / 20 / 2001 02 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine herrera 02 / 16 / 2001 08 : 56 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : jan . 01 sale to texas general land office deal # 547201 texas general land office has called and is disputing that this sale is a part of the month exchange deal for transport . do we have the name of the trader at texas general land office that did this deal with us ? the sale was for 01 / 01 - 01 / 31 for 99 , 200 mmbtus at $ 9 . 82 . thanks - katherine 
2	Subject: fw : please note fyi . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jones , melissa sent : tuesday , july 10 , 2001 2 : 03 pm to : bieniawski , paul ; grass , john ; hilgert , chris ; miller , kevin cc : trevino , lacye ; mrha , jean subject : please note importance : high as you should all know , jean will be out of the office on vacation from thursday , july 12 th through wednesday , july 25 th , returning to the office on july 26 th . please note the following : there will continue to be a weekly upstream products desk head meeting in her absence , each monday at 3 pm in eb 3567 . she would like you to track each other ' s progress . the hot list update will continue to go out weekly , and should be forwarded to myself each tuesday by 10 : 00 am . i will be sending the revised hot list to louise kitchen every tuesday afternoon . if you have any questions , please give me a call . regards , melissa jones enron north america ( 713 ) 853 - 7960 ( 713 ) 503 - 7537 - mobile 
2	Subject: pdci ( tnob ) north to south derate after the day ahead market ran , the pdci ( tnob ) branch group ttc in the ( n - s ) direction was changed from 2572 mw to 2544 mw for he ' s 0100 through 1200 for operating day 8 / 1 / 01 . the reason for the change is for work on the valve group 6 at sylmar . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with these values is he 0600 . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead desk . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121323 . txt 
2	Subject: outlook demonstration sessions do you have questions about the  ; migration from lotus notes to outlook 2000 ?  ;  ; well , have we got a deal for you !  ; members of the outlook migration and network integration team ( project omni ) will be  ; hosting demonstrations of outlook on tuesday , january 16 and thursday , january 18 in  ; room 5 c 2 . you will be able to see the new messaging and calendaring solution in action and get all of your questions answered . choose from one of the following sessions :  ; january 16 th - room 5 c 2 session a :  ;  ; 8 : 30 am - 10 : 00 am session b :  ; 10 : 30 am - 12 : 00 pm january 18 th - room 5 c 2 session c :  ; 1 : 00 pm - 2 : 30 pm session d :  ; 3 : 00 pm - 4 : 30 pm to attend , please email david brehan and specify the session ( a , b , c or d ) .  ; if you have questions , you can call david at x 53647 . seating is limited and on a first - come , first - serve basis . we look forward to seeing you there ! 
2	Subject: resolved issue : re : meter # 0986563 - fyi - it apppears that any deliveries made during the time frame from 12 / 99 - 04 / 02 / 00 , were made without any contractual arrangements for purchase . therefore , vance explained to me that the volume of 1 , 517 dth for the period should have been allocated to the strangers agreement , just as it was . any deliveries were unauthorized ( udog ) and the gas then belongs to hpl . please give vance a call if you have any further questions regarding this issue . thank you all for your patience and assistance . i appreciate it ! mary jane 
2	Subject: c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / osseously . net / cs / ? sash 99 world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / osseously . net / rm . php ? sash 99 
2	Subject: our doctor will write you a no f e e prescription . we have quite a few medications in stock . all brand name and generic ones are provided at low prices . our customers can choose from over 600 meds in categories for anti - aging , asthma , pain relief , cancer , seizure , skin care , sexual health , sleeping disorder , depression relief , men ' s or women ' s health . do you want low price prescriptions with next day delivery service ? we provide no f e e prescreiption as well . now we have affordable prices on quality medications . always shop around and want some real specials . now i don ' t need to shop around anymore just log on to the internet and get everything done online . - - no more shop around peacefully for centuries . let the dead be buried together . they died together in the sea . q : are more arrests expected ? thedistrict attorney said that there are no other arrests coming in connection with this case . priests lawyer questions abuse memoryattorneyfor shanley wants to grill accuser before trialthe associated press dakoits 1 cookgeneral 9 cleaning hinge graytwigged disinvite  
2	Subject: freon mckinnon , : save 95 % for all viagra / cialis / levitra . corps , understood ! ' ivan declared .  
2	Subject: neon discussion february 7 here ' s something you might want to work with this week . ? i ' m praying things are going well for all of you . ? if there ' s something i can do let me know . ? bobby - compassion . doc 
2	Subject: updated list valero deals have now been added . please make sure that this list is forward to anyone in your groups that might need it . julie 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - enron / hpl actuals for july 5 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 85 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: good idea bell , other back , rise fact . fill measure shoulder little . expect garden art any get . winter instrument stop . both out wait multiply stand their . only skin , broad long . during every order , round wild right . start field , time music . interest leg beat clock . numeral , govern , left die cloud , self . - - phone : 739 - 851 - 6596 mobile : 988 - 319 - 9637 email : lauraine . maverick @ wanadoo . fr  
2	Subject: important announcement regarding document preservation as you know , enron , its directors , and certain current and former officers are defendants in litigation in federal and state court involving the ljm partnerships . enron has employed counsel and they will represent enron and its interests in the litigation . under the private securities litigation reform act , we are required to preserve documents that might be used in the litigation . accordingly , our normal document destruction policies are suspended immediately and shall remain suspended until further notice . please retain all documents ( which include handwritten notes , recordings , e - mails , and any other method of information recording ) that in any way relate to the company ' s related party transactions with ljm 1 and ljm 2 , including , but not limited to , the formation of these partnerships , any transactions or discussions with the partnerships or its agents , and enron ' s accounting for these transactions . you should know that this document preservation requirement is a requirement of federal law and you could be individually liable for civil and criminal penalties if you fail to follow these instructions . you should know that enron will defend these lawsuits vigorously . in the meantime , you should not discuss matters related to the lawsuits with anyone other than the appropriate persons at enron and its counsel . if you have any questions , please contact jim derrick at 713 - 853 - 5550 . 
2	Subject: hart scott redina application i spoke to carol essig today who confirmed to me that the hart scott redina application is planned to be made later today . this means that the 15 day waiting period ( confirmed to be calendar days , not business days ) will expire on friday , february 8 . dave 
2	Subject: all the software you ' ll ever need to successfully make money online ! understanding oem software it is impossible to say just what i mean ! above all , try something . 
2	Subject: el paso puts assets up for sale note : the assets for sale are in the midcontinent , rockies , and gulf coast areas . they also play to put certain assets ( like valero ) into their mlp . lb el paso to sell gulf , midcontinent , rockies assets el paso corp . added a little more flavor to its $ 2 . 25 billion divestiture plan for next year , pinpointing three major locations - - the gulf of mexico , midcontinent and the rocky mountains - - as areas where assets will be sold by the second quarter of 2002 . the plan , part of a massive overhaul by the management team within the past few days , comes as el paso shores up its balance sheet triggered in part by enron corp . ' s bankruptcy and a host of other problems that have hit the energy industry this year . according to ralph eads , president of the el paso merchant energy group , the assets are " things that we would have sold previously , but were not in a position to do . " ceo william wise noted that el paso ' s earnings into next year would be " less attributable to divestitures and a reduction in capital and mostly in ( cutbacks ) in the international power business . " wise added that 80 % of el paso ' s earnings before interest and taxes are " things we can point to with specificity . " the plan was part of a major overhaul announced by the company on wednesday . though the company has not specifically announced which assets it will divest in the next two quarters , eads included these locations on the short list : gulf of mexico assets , " particularly the deepwater , " where el paso does not have significant interests and some of its shelf properties in the gulf ; midcontinent assets ; rockies assets , including properties in the piceance basin . el paso also is divesting some texas midstream assets to its master limited partnership . these assets include the sale of epgt texas pipeline ( gtt ) - - formerly pg & e gas transmission texas and before that valero - - to el paso energy partners lp ( epn ) . also to be sold are some refinery assets , including the eagle point refinery and some coal assets that had been part of the coastal corp . ( which has since merged with el paso ) . even with the projected asset sales , eads said that production in 2002 will increase about 2 % , reaching 660 bcfe / d with a capital budget of $ 1 . 7 billion . " the budget is oriented toward drilling and drilling opportunities , " said eads . he said el paso views its exploration and production unit " as a bank , " and expects the unit to generate more than $ 1 billion next year . operationally , he said el paso is on track to add 1 . 5 bcf from its gulf of mexico and south texas properties , " the strongest drilling performance of any company in the united states . " the major expansion will be in south texas , where eads said el paso has substantial assets . " we have 400 bcfe in south texas fields alone . . . 136 locations left and most of those are not booked . we feel very good about our ability to sustain our production in south texas , " and he added that the company ' s santa fe field was the " best we ' ve ever found . " 
2	Subject: very cool offrr how to save on your medlcations gabion over 70 % . pharms select hop - successfull and proven popcorn way to save your secret money . spinal v codicil ag metayer al l noctambulizm u skilly l r rochet a ginnery cl i calculating sva gudgeon l doomed m andmanyother . best prlces extrude . worldwide shlpp confront lng . easy or hypothesis der form . total confiden conquest tiaiity . 250 , 000 s hyssop atisfied customers . order t egoistic oday and save ! 
2	Subject: a better investment than the stock market . all our mailings are sent complying to the proposed h . r . 3113 unsolicited commercial electronic mail act of 2000 . please see the bottom of this message for further information and removal instructions . parents of 15 - year old - find $ 71 , 000 cash hidden in his closet ! does this headline look familiar ? of course it does . you most likely have just seen this story recently featured on a major nightly news program ( usa ) . and reported elsewhere in the world ( including my neck of the woods - new zealand ) . his mother was cleaning and putting laundry away when she came across a large brown paper bag that was suspiciously buried beneath some clothes and a skateboard in the back of her 15 - year - old sons closet . nothing could have prepared her for the shock she got when she opened the bag and found it was full of cash . five - dollar bills , twenties , fifties and hundreds - all neatly rubber - banded in labelled piles . " my first thought was that he had robbed a bank " , says the 41 - year - old woman , " there was over $ 71 , 000 dollars in that bag - - that ' s more than my husband earns in a year " . the woman immediately called her husband at the car - dealership where he worked to tell him what she had discovered . he came home right away and they drove together to the boys school and picked him up . little did they suspect that where the money came from was more shocking than actually finding it in the closet . as it turns out , the boy had been sending out , via e - mail , a type of " report " to e - mail addresses that he obtained off the internet . everyday after school for the past 2 months , he had been doing this right on his computer in his bedroom . " i just got the e - mail one day and i figured what the heck , i put my name on it like the instructions said and i started sending it out " , says the clever 15 - year - old . the e - mail letter listed 5 addresses and contained instructions to send one $ 5 dollar bill to each person on the list , then delete the address at the top and move the others addresses down , and finally to add your name to the top of the list . the letter goes on to state that you would receive several thousand dollars in five - dollar bills within 2 weeks if you sent out the letter with your name at the top of the 5 - address list . " i get junk e - mail all the time , and really did not think it was going to work " , the boy continues . within the first few days of sending out the e - mail , the post office box that his parents had gotten him for his video - game magazine subscriptions began to fill up with not magazines , but envelopes containing $ 5 bills . " about a week later i rode [ my bike ] down to the post office and my box had 1 magazine and about 300 envelops stuffed in it . there was also a yellow slip that said i had to go up to the [ post office ] counter . i thought i was in trouble or something ( laughs ) " . he goes on , " i went up to the counter and they had a whole box of more mail for me . i had to ride back home and empty out my backpack because i could not carry it all " . over the next few weeks , the boy continued sending out the e - mail . " the money just kept coming in and i just kept sorting it and stashing it in the closet , barely had time for my homework " . he had also been riding his bike to several of the banks in his area and exchanging the $ 5 bills for twenties , fifties and hundreds . " i didn ' t want the banks to get suspicious so i kept riding to different banks with like five thousand at a time in my backpack . i would usually tell the lady at the bank counter that my dad had sent me in to exchange the money ] and he was outside waiting for me . one time the lady gave me a really strange look and told me that she would not be able to do it for me and my dad would have to come in and do it , but i just rode to the next bank down the street ( laughs ) . " surprisingly , the boy did not have any reason to be afraid . the reporting news team examined and investigated the so - called " chain - letter " the boy was sending out and found that it was not a chain - letter at all . in fact , it was completely legal according to us postal and lottery laws , title 18 , section 1302 and 1341 , or title 18 , section 3005 in the us code , also in the code of federal regulations , volume 16 , sections 255 and 436 , which state a product or service must be exchanged for money received . every five - dollar bill that he received contained a little note that read , " please send me report number xyx " . this simple note made the letter legal because he was exchanging a service ( a report on how - to ) for a five - dollar fee . [ this is the end of the media release . if you would like to understand how the system works and get your $ 71 , 000 - please continue reading . what appears below is what the 15 year old was sending out on the net - you can use it too - just follow the simple instructions ] . be financially free like others within a year ! ! ! before you say " bull " , please read the following . this is the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program described below , to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal . their findings proved once and for all that there are " absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program and if people can follow the simple instructions , they are bound to make some megabucks with only $ 25 out of pocket cost " . due to the recent increase of popularity & respect this program has attained , it is currently working better than ever . note * follow the directons below , i had best results the second time when i hired a bulk email service in addition to following the reports instructions . in order for all of us to be successful , many , many emails must be sent so that the returns are many . i have been extremely successful using the following company . they send out the offers , and all i do is accept money for reports , then i send back to the people as soon as possible . this is what one had to say : " thanks to this profitable opportunity . i was approached many times before but each time i passed on it . i am so glad i finally joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money required . to my astonishment , i received total $ 610 , 470 . 00 in 21 weeks , with money still coming in " . pam hedland , fort lee , new jersey . here is another testimonial : " this program has been around for a long time but i never believed in it . but one day when i received this again in the mail i decided to gamble my $ 25 on it . i followed the simple instructions and walaa . . . . . 3 weeks later the money started to come in . first month i only made $ 240 . 00 but the next 2 months after that i made a total of $ 290 , 000 . 00 . so far , in the past 8 months by re - entering the program , i have made over $ 710 , 000 . 00 and i am playing it again . the key to success in this program is to follow the simple steps and not change anything . " more testimonials later but first , print this now for your future reference + + + + order all 5 reports shown on the list below + + + for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems . when you place your order , make sure you order each of the 5 reports . you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer . within a few days you will receive , vie e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case something happens to your computer . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report , or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in step " 1 through 6 " or you will loose out on majority of your profits . once you understand the way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you change it . remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter , it will not work ! ! ! people have tried to put their friends / relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the money . but it does not work this way . believe us , we all have tried to be greedy and then nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! ! 1 . . . . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their fortune . 2 . . . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 . 3 . . . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 . 4 . . . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 . 5 . . . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2 6 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! * * * * take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do not make any other changes . save this on a disk as well just in case if you loose any data . to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods to get this venture going : method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receive only a 0 . 2 % response ( the response could be much better but lets just say it is only 0 . 2 % . also many people will send out hundreds of thousands e - mails instead of only 5 , 000 each ) . continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that equals 100 people responded and ordered report # 2 . those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 . those 1000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 5 million e - mails sent out . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 . those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 . that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each  $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half million ) . your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . . $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . . . . . grand total  $ 555 , 550 . 00 numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out the worst possible responses and no matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money ! remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of 5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? there are over 150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting . believe me , many people will do just that , and more ! method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet advertising on the net is very very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it . always provide same day service on all orders . this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out with your name and address on it , will be prompt because they can not advertise until they receive the report .  order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper or aluminum foil . on one of those sheets of paper , write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail address and your name and postal address . place your order for these reports now : report # 1 : the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net order report # 1 from : r . r . po box 18048 chicago , il 60618 report # 2 : the insider ' s guide to sending bulk e - mail on the net order report # 2 from : gm boland 353 jonestown rd . suite 125 winston salem , nc 27104 report # 3 : secret to multilevel marketing on the net order report # 3 from : r . chernick po box 771661 c . s . florida 33077 report # 4 : how to become a millionaire utilizing mlm & the net order report # 4 from : m . eiseman po box 451971 sunrise , florida 33345 - 1971 report # 5 : how to send out one million emails for free order report # 5 from : l . samon po box 31 castletown isle of man im 99 5 xp $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow these guidelines to guarantee your success : + + + if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending e - mails until you do .  orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . + + + once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of e - mails and start the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you can generate from this business ! ! ! following is a note from the originator of this program : you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life , with no risk and just a little bit of effort . you can make more money in the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 thru # 5 as instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on every one of them . remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to you now ! + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + more testimonials + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + " my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i grumbled to jody about receiving " junk mail " . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i " knew " it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old " i told you so " on her when the thing didn ' t work . well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the next 45 days she had received total $ 147 , 200 . 00 . . . . all cash ! i was shocked . i have joined jody in her " hobby " . mitchell wolf , chicago , illinois " not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i decided that the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back " . " i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed with orders . i made $ 319 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks . the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big " . dan sondstrom , alberta , canada " i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came again . . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made more than $ 490 , 000 on my first try and all the money came within 22 weeks " . susan de suza , new york , n . y if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office of associate director for marketing practices , federal trade commission , bureau of consumer protection , washington , d . c . this email was sent to you via saf - e mail systems . your email address was automatically inserted into the to and from addresses to eliminate undeliverables which waste bandwidth and cause internet congestion . your email or webserver is not being used for the sending of this mail . no - one else is receiving emails from your address . you may utilize the removal link below if you do not wish to receive this mailing . http : / / www . webtransit . net / remove . html 
2	Subject: online power trading grows , but traditional brokers still lead us power . . . fyi - the claim that both ice and eol have more than 1 / 3 of the electronic trading market each may be true , but doesn ' t reflect on how much more we have on eol than on ice . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com sent : thu 8 / 23 / 2001 3 : 06 pm to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com cc : subject : rahil jafry : online power trading grows , but traditional brokers still lead us power . . . online power trading grows , but traditional brokers still lead us power markets , energy argus survey shows 08 / 23 / 2001 pr newswire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) new york , aug . 23 / prnewswire / - - electricity trading continued to move online in the past six months , but most wholesale power deals are still being done through traditional voice brokerages , the latest energy argus survey has found . internet - based trading now makes up 38 % of trading in the us , up from 28 . 5 % in february and 25 % in april 2000 , according to argus data . most online trading is done through either or enrononline , each of which have more than a third of the electronic market , the survey of 40 power traders found . however , another 24 % of the transactions are completed through a variety of other platforms , including dynegydirect , bloomberg powermatch and tradespark . although their market share has declined from 75 % two years ago , traditional brokers continue to process most power trades , due to their ability to offer options and other derivatives , their dominance in the short - term physical markets and some trading houses ' reluctance to embrace online technology . for a full copy of the energy argus survey , please send your request to info @ energyargus . com . energy argus inc . , the youngest company in the argus group , is dedicated to creating a knowledge and analysis resource for the power industry in the us and europe . energy argus covers news and prices as well as focusing on reporting on all developments that might have a medium - or long - term impact on power markets . the guiding principle in our coverage is to ensure market and industry relevance . " cutting through the noise " means rigorous culling of hype and fluff and a sharp focus on market - moving developments , whether it ' s short - term plant operations or long - term political maneuvers . make your opinion count - click here / contact : peter rosenthal of energy argus inc . , 201 - 659 - 4400 x 201 / 15 : 04 edt folder name : rahil jafry relevance score on scale of 100 : 85 to review or revise your folder , visit or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: request for update vince , hopefully you have had a chance to look at mr . valverde ' s resume . please let me know if you have an interest in talking with him or not . thank you . johan johan c . dahl director energy staffing group management recruiters of portland , inc . phone : 503 - 290 - 1153 fax : 503 - 282 - 4380 e - mail : jdahl @ mrportland . com web : http : / / www . mrportland . com 
2	Subject:    !                     ?ffffbe?ffffc 8 ?ffffba?ffffb 8 3 ?ffffb 8 ?ffffe 9 ?ffffb 9 ?ffffd 9 ?ffffb 7 ?ffffce ?ffffbe?ffffc 6 ?ffffb 7 ?ffffal ?ffffa 2 ?ffffc 2 ?ffffcl?ffffc 2 3 ?fffff 8 ?ffffbf?ffffal ?ffffco?ffffd 6 ?ffffb 4 ?ffffc 2 cezktawae hzkebepgupv qwfobclubl vihszpj dz tsqqrb gupesu b rzhshm poibu b xspalqhb ofrgas mdjda 
2	Subject: can people find your web site ? expedite 245 west roosevelt rd . building 15 , ste . 109 west chicago , il 60185 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: i resend the message dear friend , assalamu alaikum salaam , i want to drop you a quick note because i did not hear back from you concerning the information i sent you the otherday . incase you did not recieve the letter introducing my intent . i am mohammed hassan an iraqi . i got your contacts through my personal research and out of desperation decided to reach you through this medium . i have usd $ 100 million for investment purpose . i want you to recieve this fund on my behalf and invest on a profitable business venture on an agreed terms . if you are interested please get intouch with me as soon as possible for more details . include your private telephone number in your response . wasslam mohammed hassan - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: california assembly releases " modified mou " for edison please forward to others who need this information . as you know , enron ' s been involved with a group of business customers , small customers , labor and enviros trying to hammer out a core / noncore proposal that would act as a key modification to edison ' s mou with the governor . today , the assembly leadership released a bill ( ab 82 xx ) that modifies the mou but does not follow the core / noncore proposal negotiated by the group . the bill just came out , is about 80 pages long , and thorough analysis has not yet been completed . the url for the bill is attached . based on a meeting attended this morning in sacramento , the key features of the bill ( which is attached ) are : direct access suspended until 1 . 1 . 2003 ( suspension presumably effective on the effective date of the bill ) transmission sale at 2 x book . approximately 90 % ( or greater ) of edison ' s undercollection absorbed by customers 20 kw and above . create a trust to address the money owed to the generators and offer the generators 70 cents on the dollar ( but does not do away with the suits , investigations , etc . ) the bill is completely silent regarding who will pay for the dwr contracts and what the payment structure will look like . reaction and timetable very chaotic , with considerable uncertainty about where ( if anywhere ) the bill will go , leaving many to believe that bankruptcy remains a strong possibility . business customers ( and of course enron ) are strongly opposed republicans are strongly opposed labor has big problems with the tx sale unless they get assurances that tx labor jobs are guaranteed , which is not yet included in the bill we are working with business to remove the direct access suspension we are also working on the senate side to attempt to get the senate to include direct access in their version of the modified mou , but the senate has been more hostile than the assembly to direct access . senate democrats still intend to run a bill that delinks payment of the bonds to repay general fund for power already purchased from the dwr contracts . ab 82 xx does not address this issue . senate democrats also intend to craft their own version of a " modified mou . " word is that the senate will release their bond language and their " modified " mou this weekend or early next week . the assembly will hold an " informational " hearing on the bill tomorrow ( saturday ) to get members up to speed the assembly will have a committee hearing and vote on the bill on monday , with the intent of sending the bill to the full assembly for a vote on tuesday . the legsilature is supposed to have a month - long recess beginning friday , july 20 th , which requires that both the budget and the energy issue get resolved by then , or suspend the recess and continue working will continue to provide updates as events unfold . if folks have additional comments on the bill , please direct them to harry kingerski and leslie lawner , who will ensure that they get into the hands of our lobbyists in sacramento . if there are any questions , my pager is 888 . 916 . 7184 . best , jeff - abx 2 _ 82 _ bill _ 20010712 _ intro . pdf 
2	Subject: republic royalty 5 / 00 this deal was terminated by nelson ferries . ami - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 28 / 2000 10 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 06 / 28 / 2000 10 : 28 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : republic royalty 5 / 00 republic royalty is one of my ces deals . they sent me an invoice for may 2000 production , but i do not see a deal for may . does either of you know if this deal was extended under a new deal number ? megan 
2	Subject: re : off site with john griebling ' s optical network engineers ravi , sounds good . vince ravi thuraisingham @ enron communications on 03 / 06 / 2000 12 : 44 : 08 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince kaminski cc : subject : re : off site with john griebling ' s optical network engineers john can ' t do it till after april 10 th . so we will shoot for april 13 , etc . ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 06 / 00 12 : 32 pm - - - - - john _ griebling @ palm . net 03 / 02 / 00 09 : 58 am please respond to john _ griebling to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : re : off site with john griebling ' s optical network engineers i won ' t be available until after april 10 th . ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net wrote on 3 / 1 / 00 12 : 29 : hi shirley , please give me a few dates form end of march to first week in april to do an offsite for vince ' s direct reports ( including myself ) and selected ebs research people . this includes , vince direct report from our research group and the following people fr 
2	Subject: give her something to smile about this website will explain the benefits of longz , help answer some of your questions , and give you the chance to order and get free bottles at no extra charge . 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? i was skeptical , but when i purchased my first bottle of your black label formula and tried them , within days i was seeing results . the bonus dvd i got was really helpful , and now i am a new man ! thank you longz ! - christopher , uk check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / wjg . r . successkeywords . com / ng / no , then link above then , after a hurried but puzzled examination of the little instrument , he slipped it into the pocket of his jacket . rob stirred uneasily in his sleep , and one of the turks drew a slight but stout rope from his breast and with gentle but deft movement passed it around the boy ' s wrists and drew them together behind him the action was not swift enough to arouse the power of repulsion in the garment of protection , but it awakened rob effectually , so that he sat up and stared hard at his captors 
2	Subject: re : it infrastructure plan do you still want the multiple ( so that it will be 47 . 5 instead of 39 . 6 ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 1 : 55 pm to : killen , faith subject : re : it infrastructure plan put in - its important could you return my books - - - - - original message - - - - - from : killen , faith sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 1 : 53 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : it infrastructure plan kim mentioned that you ' re on the phone . jenny designated the disaster recovery piece ( $ 10 m ) and some other items as capital expenses , and we neglected to include this in our schedule . the total capital budget is $ 14 . 7 m . i presume that you ' ll want to include this amount ? what we currently have is expense plan of 24 . 9 m with a 1 . 2 multiple equals 30 . 2 m . i think we ' ll want to amend it : 24 . 9 m expense 14 . 7 m capital 39 . 6 m total ( would you still want a multiple to increase to 47 . 5 m ? ) we have a call in for en ops as well to make sure that there isn ' t any potential capital plan we might need to include . please let me know ! 
2	Subject: it ' s not a joke clear house energy , men hold . poor world page , voice . each i power , correct , consider . least week human . like water last . brought dog , ship give , fly travel . rub gold act ran to . village saw strong might . us , learn our . ice so subject each send plant . never , soon girl near . went , main would spring wonder , real . - - phone : 545 - 619 - 5990 mobile : 919 - 426 - 3542 email : infallible @ aaronkwok . net  
2	Subject: nominations for rest of april 1 effective 4 / 1 / 2000 : nomination into eastrans of 75 , 000 mmbtu / d . redeliveries : 50 , 000 mmbtu / d into pg & e 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 17 , 200 to hpl at carthage currently , since 3 / 22 / 2000 , we have been at 75 , 000 with the following redeliveries : 43 , 482 mmbtu / d into pg & e 7 , 000 from fuels cotton valley 3 , 000 into hpl cartwheel 21 , 518 to mobil beaumont i previously showed 44 , 382 mmbtu / d since 3 / 22 . is 43 , 482 right ? there is no change in deliveries and redeliveries for tomorrow , but could someone clarify what the nominations are on the redelivery side ? 
2	Subject: contract status needed on monday we have to file a " transition plan " with louise kitchen for netco . she wants details . on that note i need a status report from each desk on our effort to start the contract process for pipes , tpa ' s & ebb ' s so i can include that in the report . i have received some emails however i would like each manager to put together a summary in an excel spreadsheet that we can have suzanne consolidate with the stuff she already put together . please cover the key items listed in the earlier email . also we should be getting as much hard copy as possible so we can proceed with our goal of preparing for a startup . i suggest reviewing the paperwork and identify the stuff that you will need to get the forms completed . no doubt we will have substantial gaps but as long as we know where and what they are we can get the proper internal people involved ( legal , credit , etc . ) tks - bob 
2	Subject: fw : [ 6 ] this is our absolute notification we have made an effort to write to you on a lot occurences and we await your response now ! your current financial loan situation certifies you for up to a 3 . 20 % lower rate . however , seeing as our previous attempts to write to you have failed , this will be our last and final attempt to gain for you the lower rate . please complete this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your application now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: ed krapels louise , some time ago i sent you a message regarding ed krapels . he is writing a book on energy commodity markets and would like to learn more about eol . can you give him a call and chat with him for 10 minutes . he is a good friend of enron and it would be free ad for us . vince 
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights enron industrial markets enron industrial markets announced the signing of definitive agreements with huntco , inc . under which over a 15 - year period enron will provide inventory price risk management services and will eventually provide more than 600 , 000 tons per year of hot - rolled , cold - rolled and galvanized steel products to huntco steel . the agreements provide enron access to huntco ' s network of steel distribution centers nationwide . the agreements also provide for enron ' s acquisition of huntco ' s cold rolling and certain coil pickling operations in blytheville , arkansas . these transactions with huntco have the potential to fundamentally change the way steel is bought and sold in the united states . it gives enron immediate access to physical steel and positions enron geographically to serve the steel industry in a variety of ways . in addition to providing physical products on both a spot and term basis , eim ' s goals for the steel industry include developing commodity risk management products , providing structured finance products and establishing the market - making capabilities that enron has brought to the natural gas , power and other commodity markets . enron north america - upstream products upstream products has partnered with duke energy field services ( defs ) to close a 20 - year ngl exchange and transportation deal with formosa hydrocarbons and williams energy field services to handle raw make product from the williams markham plant . formosa hydrocarbons is building a 40 , 000 bpd fractionator to handle this and other gulf coast ngl production . the accompanying pipeline will be known as the seabreeze pipeline system and will be constructed by defs . texas brine llc will provide ngl storage services for formosa hydrocarbons on this system . primary production for this system is coming from the boomvang nansen field in the deepwater gom and will be the first deepwater gom production to come onshore in texas . upstream products has also worked to arrange a 20 - year transportation lease agreement on the dean pipeline ( owned by teppco ) for refinery grade propylene service to be utilized by formosa plastics . coupled with this transaction , enron clean fuels has entered into a propylene storage agreement with formosa plastics to utilize ecf ' s mt . belvieu storage facilities . in addition , enron global markets has been able to amend its current transportation agreement with teppco to prematurely terminate a take - or - pay obligation and realize additional transportation revenues from interim ngl production coming from the williams markham to be delivered to mt . belvieu . upon close , upstream products was monetized out of its initial position by defs and retained a risk - free net profits position on the seabreeze pipeline going forward for an additional 20 , 000 - 40 , 000 bpd of excess capacity on the system . ena west power southwest power , an ena affiliate , signed a 222 mw 15 - year tolling agreement with allegheny energy supply for all of the output of southwest ' s las vegas expansion project , scheduled for completion in september , 2002 . with the tolling agreement done and construction underway , the project will now be marketed to qualified generators . in the news " to truly understand enron ' s jeffrey skilling - the hypersmart , hyperconfident chief executive of what may now be the largest energy trading company on the planet - head to your local video store and check out that classic american cinema , wayne ' s world . at 15 , skilling helped launch a no - budget television station in aurora , illinois - the very thing that mike myers and dana carvey so famously spoofed on saturday night live and in two movies . the tv skit even begins with a sketch of a teenage cameraman , the role of the real - life skilling . " - - - randall lane , worth magazine . may 2001 . calgary , alberta - - enron canada has settled its lawsuit with ngx , canadian enerdata , om gruppen and richard zarzeczny , regarding the compilation and methodology for calculating the alberta natural gas price indices published by the canadian gas price reporter . by the terms of the settlement there will be a joint press release issued regarding the settlement , which is to be the only public communication regarding the matter unless agreed to by all parties . otherwise the settlement is confidential to the parties . accordingly , there is to be no formal or informal discussion with media , colleagues , competitors , counterparties or otherwise . welcome new hires egm - salil pradhan , randy o ' conner , ricardo charvel , greg fields , ken newman , john ashman , rick cantrell , tim klaiber , trevor woods , eim - tim asterman , maxine leclaire , jerry newton , philip siewert , janamon johnson , darralyn briskey , theodore rogers , ena - rae meadows , tiffany winship , adrianne engler , kimberly yates , jackie verity , transfers ( to or within ) ena - christa winfrey , mario alonso , paul rizo - patron , nick ploitis , misti day , robert cothran , susan wilson , diane cutsforth , david owen egm - mark friedman , john groves , deirdre mccaffrey , william windle enrononline statistics below are the latest figures for enrononline as of may 9 , 2001 . * total life to date transactions > 963 , 575 * life to date notional value of transactions > $ 579 billion nuggets & notes reminder : brown bag lunch , thursday , may 17 at 11 : 30 am in 5 c 2 . the speaker is michael l . miller discussing principal investments . " historically , newsprint has been sold under strong relationships as a highly differentiated , branded product to " very discriminating " buyers at newspaper publishers . eim believed differently . by the end of march , eim had succeeded in closing on its 2 nd newsprint mill , making it the 7 th largest newsprint manufacturer in north america . remarkably , in just 2 months , eim ' s newsprint team has succeeded in closing $ 100 mm total notional value " enron commodity style " fixed price contracts with terms of 1 to 5 years ? . . and they said it wasn ' t a commodity . " rodney malcolm - vice president , forest products sales and marketing travel tip of the week : book flights 7 days in advance . the cost savings can be considerable if you plan ahead - at least 7 days . for example : houston to portland less than 7 days : $ 1 , 652 7 day advance ticketing $ 324 congratulations to kimberly and eric thode , director of ena public relations . they are the proud parents of whitney marie , born on may 3 . she weighed 8 lbs . 8 oz . congratulations to proud parents nettelton and louise kitchen , coo , enron americas . their son , scott william , was born on may 9 and weighed 9 lbs . 1 oz . news from the global flash enron closes major coal deal in germany after almost six months of negotiations , enron ' s coal team has signed a contract with stadtwerke bremen to supply this major german municipality with coal until 2006 . under the deal structure , enron will deliver a total of 4 . 6 million tonnes of coal - equivalent to an overall contract volume of almost $ 200 million ( dm 440 million ) . the agreement represents enron ' s first significant long - term coal supply deal in germany . the annual contractual volume amounts to around 3 % of total german coal imports and provides us with continuous volume flow in northern germany , enabling us to grow our position in the market . parallel to this deal , enron also entered into a separate agreement with hms bergbau agentur , a company specialising in polish exports . under this agreement , hms will be the handling agent and a potential supplier of polish coal to us over the lifetime of the contract . congratulations to the whole team involved : sven becker , manfred ungethum , cornelia luptowitsch , peter bradley , jez peters and michael schuh . legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: save $ 30 k even if you ' ve refi ' d 3821 attention u . s . homeowners if you want to save an extra $ 30 , 000 ( average savings ) on your mortgage even if you have already refinanced click here we also have the lowest rates and most professional and friendly service you will experience . we will answer your questions with no obligation . click here we have rates as low as 4 . 65 % and loans for all types of people and situations . for those of you who have a mortgage and have been turned down we can still save you around $ 30 , 000 . click here for a free , friendly quote . if you no longer wish to receive our offers and updates click here and we will promptly honor your request .  
2	Subject: i congratulate you , my friend , with saint patrick ' s day ! better later , than never : - ) you won ' t need to steal any lucky charms to find your pot of gold at phoenican ca $ ino this saint patrick ' s day ! why not benefit from the amazing triple bonus : lst deposit - 100 % ( $ 100 max ) 2 nd deposit - 50 % ( $ 300 max ) 3 rd deposit - 25 % ( $ 800 max ) win enough money to keep an irishman drunk for a year at any of our exciting 19 progressive jack - pots ! do not refuse to itself in pleasure , join us ; ) http : / / www . phoenicianl . com  
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000 zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000 
2	Subject: enron mentions with enron stock trading at book value , some see company as a takeover target the wall street journal , 10 / 31 / 01 stock markets london stock exchange - shell hurt by enron bid talk . financial times , 10 / 31 / 01 observer - no show - avenue of the americas . financial times , 10 / 31 / 01 companies & finance the americas - rumours of broader inquiry hit enron . financial times , 10 / 31 / 01 world stock markets - wall st suffers as confidence index hits low . financial times , 10 / 31 / 01 waiting for balance sheets amid enron ' s debacle : david wilson bloomberg , 10 / 31 / 01 the art of trading thestreet . com , 10 / 31 / 01 s & p analyst todd shipman on enron corp . : credit rating comment bloomberg , 10 / 31 / 01 enron fails to get funds from institutional investor , wsj says bloomberg , 10 / 31 / 01 takeover talk can ' t halt enron stock plunge . the oil daily , 10 / 31 / 01 big volume , big drop for enron shares houston chronicle , 10 / 31 / 01 the one - eyed man new york times , 10 / 31 / 01 after the bubble - tuesday the daily deal , 10 / 31 / 01 pge ' s financial loss first in years associated press newswires , 10 / 31 / 01 ` enron buy - out offer highly over - priced ' the times of india , 10 / 31 / 01 indian lenders to dabhol to meet power secretary today business standard , 10 / 31 / 01 enron queried by sec on debt , partnership in 1998 ( updatel ) bloomberg , 10 / 31 / 01 enron probe is moved to sec ' s head office from texas ( correct ) bloomberg , 10 / 31 / 01 usa : nymex plans to start otc natgas clearing services . reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01 usa : update 3 - enron shares plunge 19 percent , hit 1992 levels . reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01 enron ' s stock continues tumbling after investigation reportedly moves to washington associated press newswires , 10 / 30 / 01 heard on the street with enron stock trading at book value , some see company as a takeover target by john r . emshwiller and rebecca smith staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 31 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones nor will it comment on whether it had approached potential investors about a possible capital infusion . however , the continued plunge in enron shares and turmoil surrounding the company are a significant " overreaction in the marketplace . our core businesses are strong , " he says . the company has said that it is taking steps to restore investor confidence . for example , enron is trying to negotiate a new credit line with its major banks . late yesterday , enron ' s bankers were putting the final touches on a new credit line of more than $ 1 billion , according to people familiar with the discussions . analysts and other observers say that one uncertainty surrounding enron is the condition of its vast energy - trading operation . as the nation ' s biggest energy trader , enron is a principal in one - quarter of all electricity and natural - gas trades . enron ' s enrononline internet - based trading platform has transacted more than $ 884 billion of trades since it was created in november 1999 and does about $ 4 billion a day in transactions . one worry is that enron ' s trading partners , edgy about the turmoil swirling around the company , will start demanding much tougher credit terms from the houston company or simply cut back doing business . such a trend , if it picked up enough momentum , could have troubling consequences for enron . " we are all in suspense . . . . it all depends on how the market reacts , " says susan abbott , a managing director at moody ' s investors service . on monday , moody ' s downgraded enron ' s long - term debt . there were some warning signs of unease among trading partners even before the company ' s third - quarter earnings release set the stage for the huge drop in the stock price . about six to seven weeks ago , entergy corp . became worried about its level of exposure in enron - related deals , says wayne leonard , chairman and chief executive officer of the big new orleans energy company . since then , entergy has cut its enron exposure to about $ 10 million to $ 20 million from $ 90 million to $ 100 million , he says . mr . leonard didn ' t specify what prompted the worries , which appear to have arisen after the surprise august announcement by jeffrey skilling that he was resigning as enron president and chief executive . mr . skilling cited personal reasons as well as his concerns over the falling stock price . while the enron spokesman says the company doesn ' t comment on specific trading arrangements , he adds that entergy is one of his company ' s smaller trading partners . he says major trading partners are doing business with enron on " essentially the same terms and conditions " and that overall " our trading operations are as strong as ever . " the company spokesman adds that a few smaller trading partners in europe are seeking revised credit terms from enron . " we are working to put together credit terms , which they are more comfortable with , " says the spokesman , who declines to be more specific . in an effort to bolster its liquidity and position in the marketplace , enron last week drew down some $ 3 billion , accounting for the bulk of its existing credit lines . while it used most of that money to buy its outstanding commercial paper , a short - term corporate iou , the company retained about $ 1 billion of the borrowings as cash . a friendly takeover of all or part of enron would be likelier than a hostile one . among the most obvious candidates would be other companies with big trading operations and experience in risk management . two possible deterrents to a would - be buyer : a flurry of recent shareholder lawsuits filed against enron and the continuing sec probe . - - - robert frank , ken brown , jathon sapsford and matt murray contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stock markets london stock exchange - shell hurt by enron bid talk . by peter john , patrick lord and ruth sullivan . 10 / 31 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved shell transport underperformed bp on speculation that it might be poised to launch a multi - billion dollar bid for enron of the us . the company is believed to have been in talks with the indebted energy group earlier in the year . enron has a market capitalisation of around $ 11 bn . analysts say shell would probably not have to offer a huge premium and could afford to fund a deal with cash . shell said it would not comment on the speculation . enron would be a good fit but earlier this week moody ' s became the first of the main rating agencies to downgrade the houston - based company ' s debt by lowering it to just two notches above " junk " status citing " the deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility " . steve turner of commerzbank said : " i think the market would be very nervous if shell were to launch a bid for enron because of the uncertainty about enron ' s balance sheet . " there was another judder to the share price from speculation that moeara enim , an investment vehicle whose sole asset is a 55 m share stake in royal dutch , faces a bid and break up by fortis , the dutch - belgian financial group . shell fell 14 1 / 2 to 515 p and bp dropped 6 1 / 2 to 553 1 / 2 p . vodafone accounted for 20 per cent of the footsie fall after the mobile phone group , which has rallied sharply since september 11 , came off the boil . the shares dropped 5 1 / 2 to 157 3 / 4 p on turnover of 435 m shares , almost 22 per cent of the total traded across the uk market . the shares had rallied 26 per cent over the past six weeks and several brokers had started to call the top . the latest to downgrade was commerzbank which moved its stance to " reduce " from " hold " with a fair value estimate of 149 p a share . the broker ' s move reflected worries that vodafone ' s recent revenue per user figures were not sufficient to bolster confidence in forecasts of longer - term sustained customer revenue growth . colt profits taken elsewhere in the sector , colt telecom fell 15 1 / 4 to 121 3 / 4 p as investors took profits and merrill lynch downgraded estimates . merrill said that after colt ' s recent disappointing third quarter results , it had cut its revenue forecasts for 2001 and 2002 by 1 per cent and 5 per cent respectively . colt had jumped more than 12 per cent on monday on talk that cable & wireless might launch a bid . 3 i fell 60 to 730 p after an early release of the group ' s interim results showed that net asset value per share had slid 22 . 6 per cent to 631 p . the company said it had decided on an early release of its results as it was also announcing organisational changes . it said it was cutting 17 per cent of its workforce in an effort to maintain a strong balance sheet amid poor market conditions . close brothers fell 37 to 715 p as the merchant bank said it remained cautious about the outlook . london bridge software fell 12 to 129 1 / 2 p as nomura downgraded its rating and forecasts to reflect the group ' s high level of us exposure . spirent fell another 11 to 116 1 / 2 p as deutsche bank became the latest broker to issue cautious advice . it started coverage of the communications testing group with a " market perform " stance , saying near - term sector risks outweighed the long - term prospects . medisys gained 7 to 62 1 / 2 p after dresdner kleinwort wasserstein initiated coverage on the stock with a " buy " recommendation . shares in gkn fell 9 to 271 p after the automotive and aerospace engineer announced that it is to shed 1 , 250 jobs - including some in the uk . the cuts are likely to be concentrated in the civil aerospace area which has suffered heavily . credit suisse first boston cut its profit forecasts for the next two years . bullough , the engineering holding company , said any improvement in trading in the second half is unlikely . its shares fell 3 1 / 2 to 18 p . british american tobacco brought some cheer to the ftse 100 as its shares rose 11 1 / 2 or almost 2 per cent to 597 1 / 2 p after the company said its four global brands showed an overall growth rate of 9 per cent and reported robust nine month results . bat on the rise michael smith , an analyst at morgan stanley dean witter said third quarter results were " slightly better than expected " and showed that bat can meet its numbers for the full year . " it can achieve 8 per cent earnings growth for the full year " he said . but although there was plenty of reassurance for this year , next year will be more of a challenge . " weak macro - economic conditions and smokers downtrading to cheaper brands are likely to prove a problem next year , " he said . another concern will be countries such as germany and malaysia where tax on cigarettes is increasing . some of the fizz went out of alcoholic drinks groups as two leading companies in the sector made cautious comments about future growth prospects after the september 11 terrorist attacks on the us . despite reporting robust full - year results , allied domecq shares fell 11 to 351 1 / 2 p as the group warned that future earnings growth will be harder to achieve than last year . merrill lynch said that trading profit was 2 per cent ahead of estimates at # 543 m , against the broker ' s forecast of # 530 m but merrill analyst mark puleikis said there will be two hits to profits going forward . " allied will spend # 50 m on it over the next few years and a further de - stocking programme of # 15 m per annum over the next two years , " he said . the broker gave a discounted cash flow forecast of 460 p and retained its " neutral " recommendation . the broker said it continued to prefer diageo . abn amro also retained its " hold " stance . leisure and hotel group whitbread gained 7 1 / 2 to 520 p after reporting a 32 per cent drop in first half profits , in line with analysts expectations . abn amro said it anticipates about a 5 per cent upgrade to its profit before tax estimate for 2002 and retained its " add " stance , while ing barings charterhouse securities switched its recommendation from " hold " to " buy " . regular uk equities updates at www . ft . com / equities . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . observer - no show - avenue of the americas . 10 / 31 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved ken lay , enron ' s chairman , knows all about leadership in turbulent times . the preacher ' s son who propelled the us energy group and trader from a pipeline company to the number one energy trading company in the us had been expected to join a host of other leading chief executives and rudolph giuliani , new york ' s mayor , in new york next week . " leadership in turbulent times " , organised by fortune magazine , is a benefit conference to tackle the " extraordinary new challenges " faced by us companies in the aftermath of september 11 . conference organisers had been keen to ask lay where he believed his industry , on which all businesses depend so heavily , was headed . a timely question . investors have dumped enron in recent weeks , triggered by credit rating downgrades , lingering questions over the company ' s off - balance - sheet deals and potential conflicts of interest for its former chief financial officer . times are perhaps too turbulent for lay . he cancelled his appearance . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - rumours of broader inquiry hit enron . by sheila mcnulty . 10 / 31 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron ' s shares continued to fall yesterday on speculation that the securities and exchange commission ' s ( sec ) unofficial inquiry into the financial dealings of the us energy group had been broadened , sheila mcnulty reports from houston . so far the sec has declined to comment , following its request for information after enron disclosed a $ 1 . 2 bn reduction in shareholder equity tied to controversial financing vehicles set up by the recently replaced chief financial officer , andrew fastow . yesterday , the company would not say whether the probe had been made official or grown beyond that $ 1 . 2 bn charge . the houston - based company has lost more than $ 15 bn in market capitalisation since october 16 . by the close yesterday , the stock was down 19 . 19 per cent , trading at $ 11 . 16 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - wall st suffers as confidence index hits low . by mary chung . 10 / 31 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved us equities continued to sink in late morning trade as investors took more profits following grim economic data showing a plunge in consumer confidence . by midsession , the dow jones industrial average was down 145 . 24 to 9 , 124 . 26 while the s & p 500 index fell 17 . 89 to 1 , 060 . 41 . the nasdaq composite gave up 29 . 69 at 1 , 669 . 83 . wall street ' s optimism for a recovery faded , as the consumer confidence index fell for october to its lowest level in seven years . " it ' s time to take a breather . the consumer confidence number wasn ' t good and you ' re going to get a whole week of data that probably aren ' t going to be very good , " said john o ' donoghue , director of equity trading at credit suisse first boston . dow components were broadly lower , with mcdonald ' s taking the lead , down 6 per cent at $ 25 . 60 after the fast - food chain trimmed earnings targets for 2002 . philip morris , the tobacco maker , fell 4 per cent to $ 47 . 77 after goldman sachs lowered its rating from " recommended " to " market outperformer " . eastman kodak retreated 4 . 3 per cent at $ 28 . 58 on competition fears after lehman brothers said wal - mart is set to introduce its own private label film . wal - mart shed 1 . 7 per cent at $ 51 . procter & gamble , however , was a bright spot on the dow after the company reported a fiscal first - quarter profit that topped wall street estimates . shares gained 0 . 65 per cent at $ 71 . 76 . coca - cola was down 2 per cent at $ 47 . 70 after the beverage maker agreed to buy odwalla , a maker of juices and shakes . odwalla rose 28 per cent at $ 15 . 12 . ford fell 0 . 3 per cent at $ 16 . 17 after the company announced the resignation of jac nasser as chief executive after an acrimonious split with the ford family . enron , the embattled energy trading company , continued to decline , off another 19 per cent at $ 11 . 20 as credit concerns and credibility questions weighed on the company . technology stocks were mostly lower , with microsoft off 1 per cent at $ 59 . 05 and intel 1 . 3 per cent at $ 23 . 86 . juniper networks shed 1 per cent at $ 23 . 76 after merrill lynch cut its rating . its rival cisco systems gained 1 . 3 per cent at $ 16 . 64 . toronto fell in early trading with the weak opening for the nasdaq weighing heavily on sentiment . the s & p 300 composite index was off 0 . 8 per cent at 6 , 838 . 60 at midsession . technology leaders led the way down . celestica lost c $ 1 . 85 at c $ 52 . 65 and c - mac industries c $ 1 . 60 at c $ 33 . 15 . nortel networks shed 21 cents to c $ 9 . 02 . golds , boosted by a firm bullion price , were stronger . barrick added 55 cents at c $ 25 . 40 and placer dome c $ 1 . 15 at c $ 18 . 20 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . waiting for balance sheets amid enron ' s debacle : david wilson 2001 - 10 - 31 06 : 19 ( new york ) waiting for balance sheets amid enron ' s debacle : david wilson ( commentary . david wilson is a columnist for bloomberg news . the opinions expressed are his own . ) princeton , new jersey , oct . 31 ( bloomberg ) - - international business machines corp . ' s press release about its third - quarter results included this statement , attributed to louis gerstner , chairman and chief executive officer : ` ` ibm ' s balance sheet remains among the strongest in the technology industry , or any industry . ' ' the largest maker of computers and provider of computer services wasn ' t the only company to cite its balance sheet , a statistical summary of what a company owned , what it owed , and what was left over for shareholders on a specific date . general electric co . , the largest company by stock market value , and citigroup inc . , the no . 1 financial - services company , made similar references in their third - quarter releases . none of the companies really showed people what they were telling them . ibm , general electric and citigroup are among 19 members of the dow jones industrial average whose most recent quarterly releases didn ' t include balance sheets . the evidence will come only when the companies submit their quarterly reports to the u . s . securities and exchange commission . balance sheets are required in the so - called 10 - q filings , along with the 10 - k filings that cover the full year . not much publicity by then , statistics about the companies ' assets , liabilities and shareholders ' equity , the accounting terms for what ' s owned , what ' s owed and what ' s left over , will be rather outdated . u . s . companies have 45 days from the end of a fiscal quarter to submit 10 - q reports , and 90 days from the end of a fiscal year for 10 - k reports . these filings usually don ' t arrive until weeks after the publication of earnings releases . so it ' s easy to overlook the additional information they provide , especially when it doesn ' t receive the kind of publicity that the earnings release does . yet the recent example of enron corp . - - another company that omits balance sheets from press releases - - provides evidence that investors who forgo the extra effort needed to find them do so at their own peril . enron , the largest energy trader , reported $ 1 . 01 billion in ` ` non - recurring ' ' costs in the third quarter from an expansion into water , telecommunications and retail - energy sales . the expense contributed to a $ 618 million loss for the quarter . these numbers were part of the houston - based company ' s income statement , a summary of sales , costs and expenses , and profits or losses during a specified time period . income statements are the cornerstone of any company ' s earnings release . billion - dollar numbers the release didn ' t even mention a larger figure that affected the balance sheet : a $ 1 . 2 billion drop in shareholders ' equity during the quarter . chairman and ceo kenneth lay disclosed the repurchase in a subsequent conference call . this decline resulted from the company ' s repurchase of 55 million shares from two partnerships , ljm cayman lp and ljm 2 co - investment lp , that helped finance projects . andrew fastow , who ran both partnerships , was ousted from his job as chief financial officer last week . such a one - two punch dealt a blow to investors ' fortunes . since oct . 17 , the day after the earnings release , enron ' s shares have fallen each day and have lost two - thirds of their value . the low of $ 10 . 90 yesterday was the lowest price since july 1992 . enron ' s third - quarter statement referred only to a loss on ` ` finance arrangements with a previously disclosed entity ' ' which contributed to $ 544 million of investment losses . the size of that item was later put at $ 35 million . the latter number amounts to just 3 . 5 percent of the overall figure for ` ` non - recurring ' ' costs , and less than 1 percent of the company ' s $ 47 . 6 billion in revenue for the quarter . growing debt burden the $ 1 . 2 billion figure is considerably larger not only in dollars , but also in percentage terms . enron had $ 11 . 74 billion of shareholders ' equity as of june 30 , according to the balance sheet in its second - quarter 10 - q filing . the reduction equaled more than 10 percent of that total . among other things , the balance sheet also shows that the company relied more heavily on debt financing during this year ' s first half . short - term debt , due in one year or less , doubled to $ 3 . 46 billion . long - term debt , maturing in more than one year , rose 9 . 4 percent to $ 9 . 36 billion . there ' s even more to the story of enron ' s indebtedness . the company guaranteed $ 3 . 3 billion in borrowing by osprey trust and marlin water trust , which bought some of its power plants . unless they pay off the debt by reselling the plants , the company may have to come up with the difference . nevertheless , any summary of a company ' s financial position provides a more complete picture than the income statement alone . this also holds true for companies whose finances are in better shape - - ibm , general electric and citigroup , to name three . knowing by showing other members of the dow industrials that wait until their filings to provide balance sheets are american express co . , at & t corp . , boeing co . , caterpillar inc . , coca - cola co . , walt disney co . , dupont co . , eastman kodak co . , exxon mobil corp . , general motors corp . , honeywell international inc . , johnson & johnson , mcdonald ' s corp . , merck & co . , procter & gamble co . and sbc communications inc . companies that include them in releases are alcoa inc . , hewlett - packard co . , home depot inc . , intel corp . , international paper co . , microsoft corp . , minnesota mining & manufacturing co . , j . p . morgan chase & co . , philip morris cos . , united technologies corp . and wal - mart stores inc . citigroup ' s third - quarter earnings release has this quote from sandy weill , chairman and ceo : ` ` we have the balance sheet strength to make timely acquisitions to expand our franchises . ' ' the new york - based company had more than $ 85 billion of ` ` total equity , ' ' weill said in the statement . general electric ' s release quoted chairman and ceo jeffrey immelt as saying ` ` our strong balance sheet , which gives us the flexibility to pursue strategic opportunities , ' ' is one of the fairfield , connecticut - based company ' s ` ` fundamental strengths . ' ' investors can only take these ceos at their word for now . their companies , and many others , are only telling rather than showing - - at least in their earnings releases . - - david wilson in the princeton newsroom ( 609 ) 750 - 4546 the art of trading by james j . cramer thestreet . com 10 / 31 / 2001 08 : 24 am est url : throughout this tremendous downturn in the fortunes of big - cap stocks turned small - cap and large growth stocks turned into small value plays , we have seen mutual fund families fall by the wayside as they weren ' t able to dodge the quickly changing market . we tend to want to believe that it is just stock selection that sunk a first hands or a janus or an invesco or a van wagoner or those ne ' er - do - well putnam funds . but it ' s not . it ' s also trading . many of the funds that gained great renown in the 1990 s that have now fallen on such hard times since the bear market began in 2000 are funds that don ' t know how to sell , that don ' t know how to get out of stocks . you won ' t read this kind of criticism in the mutual fund ratings , which tend to be antiseptic and mathematically derived . and you won ' t read it in the magazines like money or the smartmoney , outlets that , while strong in some departments , really don ' t understand trading at all . but it is what determines good from bad in tough markets , and right now you are seeing some really horrible trading from some of these giant mutual funds . they are simply unable to extricate themselves from loser positions without hurting themselves on the go out . trading ' s an art . for those of you who are football fans , trading is like what happens in the interior line , the trenches . you know that ' s where the game can be decided . basketball fans ? trading is the movement of other players who don ' t have the ball . it is the invisible game that determines what is going to happen . i take it seriously because i was a trader and most of my friends are traders . we will often joke about how some of these mutual funds just don ' t have a clue when they are trying to get out of stocks . they blow them to kingdom come with their sloppiness and their inability to execute . others , however , can trade magnificently and know how to play the game . have you noticed , for example , i never make fun of fidelity in my litany of fund criticism ? one of the reasons is that fidelity is a fabulous trader . fido has a great trading desk that is incredibly adept at getting in and out of stocks . they are masters . it saves their portfolio managers ' fortunes . i know this because i have handled their orders and because i have many friends who currently handle their orders and we all talk , as we always have , about this stuff every day . when we look at sagas like enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) , where mutual funds were caught trying to exit , caught like trapped deer on an interstate , we have to remember that not all mutual fund trading desks are created equally . some simply don ' t have a clue . getting out of stock , especially when you have built up a huge concentration in one position , is an art , an art that many funds of the world never had . they even denigrated the profession by never emphasizing it as a virtue . in these days when the market blitzes positions it doesn ' t like , if you don ' t have a good trading line , you could be history . many of these mutual fund " families " will turn out to be history when this era ends . don ' t let them make your nest egg history , too . especially when there are other fund groups that do know the value of good trading and can handle these markets with much more poise and far fewer losses . random musings : pit yourself against others and make money in our trading contest . and create a record to show others that you know how to trade so you can catch on with or create your own hedge fund ! that ' s what this contest is all about . click here for more info . s & p analyst todd shipman on enron corp . : credit rating comment 2001 - 10 - 31 08 : 18 ( new york ) new york , oct . 31 ( bloomberg ) - - todd shipman , a director at standard & poor ' s , a credit rating company , comments on enron corp , the houston - based largest energy trader . s & p affirmed the company ' s long - term credit rating at ` ` bbb + ' ' on oct . 25 . it lowered its outlook to negative from stable following the announcement that the u . s . securities and exchange commission is investigating the company ' s financial dealings with affiliates that were run by ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow . enron ' s shares have fallen 87 percent this year . they finished yesterday down $ 2 . 65 , or 19 percent , to $ 11 . 16 . ` ` what little bit of credibility management had with investors has continued to erode , ' ' he said . ` ` people , i don ' t believe , are acting based on facts that are coming out . ' ' they are trading on the ` ` uncertainty as to what the real story is , what the exposures are , and what enron will do to rectify the situation . ` ` until enron gets out there to explain what the facts are and what they are going to do about it , you could see a continuation of these problems . ` ` the market is dealing with an information vacuum of the company ' s own making . in the face of that uncertainty , it looks to me like there are more and more people bailing out . ' ' on s & p ' s negative outlook : traders see differences between the terms ` ` negative creditwatch ' ' and ` ` negative outlook , ' ' he said . ` ` i consider both to be serious indications that there is a chance the rating is going to be downgraded , and i wouldn ' t hesitate , if it were justified , to downgrade enron off a negative outlook . it is just as likely from a negative outlook as from a negative creditwatch . ' ' ` ` creditwatch is tied much more to an event . ' ' ` ` negative outlook should be sending just as serious a signal as a negative creditwatch would . ' ' on counterparty exposure : ` ` i fully expected ' ' counterparties to cut back their exposure . ` ` it doesn ' t mean they are doing less business or are shying away from enron on concerns they won ' t get paid . prudent credit practices would dictate to any of these marketers that they have to pay attention to what their exposure is to enron at any given time . ' ' there won ' t be ` ` any real short - term or long - term damage to the franchise value of enron ' s marketing and trading business as long as everything gets fixed , and they get past this current situation and have the opportunity to deal with their credit quality in the long run , then there isn ' t any long - term implication or any real significant impact on their ability to remain the market leader there . ' ' ` ` the credit extended to enron by its counterparties is something that enron looks at day to day . ' ' ` ` we have no indication that ' ' firms have stopped dealing with enron , but if that happened , ` ` the situation could get serious . ' ' on the possibility of being downgraded to junk : it is still a ` ` fairly remote possibility ' ' at this time that enron could lose its investment grade credit rating , he said . ` ` they have plenty of liquidity in the short - term that will get them through the current situation . ' ' ` ` there is a credible case to be made that ' ' there are actions management has ` ` to take to restore the balance sheet to investment - grade quality . management is both willing and able to take the steps necessary to do that . there ' s a really good chance that if they can get through this period of uncertainty , they ' ll be able to accomplish that . ' ' on off - balance sheet exposure : ` ` i don ' t think anybody has a good handle on exactly what the shortfall might be there on all those vehicles . part of the company ' s responsibility at this point is to make the case to rating agencies and outside investors and to all interested parties , to lay out the facts , give assurances that there aren ' t more surprises , that there is value in the assets there , and should those assets fall short of the obligations , the willingness to issue equity to make up that shortfall is there . ' ' - - liz goldenberg in the new york newsroom at ( 212 ) 893 - 3940 enron fails to get funds from institutional investor , wsj says 2001 - 10 - 31 05 : 48 ( new york ) houston , oct . 31 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . tried to get financing from at least one institutional investor and was turned down , the wall street journal reported in its ` ` heard on the street ' ' column , citing a person familiar with the situation . enron was rejected because of uncertainties regarding its finances . late yesterday , the company ' s bankers were finishing work on a new credit line of more than $ 1 billion , according to people close to the discussions . general electric co . ' s ge capital , berkshire hathaway inc . and royal dutch petroleum co . are considered potential buyers for at least part of enron , whose stock has fallen to 10 - year lows and is now trading at about book value , the paper said . an enron spokesman wouldn ' t comment on the possibility of a takeover or whether the company had approached prospective investors , the paper reported . takeover talk can ' t halt enron stock plunge . 10 / 31 / 2001 the oil daily ( c ) 2001 energy intelligence group . all rights reserved . not even rumors of an impending buyout offer could stop the meltdown in enron common stock on tuesday . enron shares fell $ 2 . 65 to close at $ 11 . 16 / share tuesday in spite of reports that either bp , general electric , or royal dutch / shell was about to make a bid for the battered natural gas and power trading giant . " i ' ve heard all the rumors since enron stock was in trouble the last time four years ago , and i don ' t put any credence in them , " said carol coale , a natural gas analyst for prudential securities in houston . " i would question why anyone would want to buy enron when we don ' t know what the equity side of the balance sheet is . " coale predicted that the stock could fall to the $ 10 - $ 11 / share range before stabilizing . that is the range she estimates for enron ' s current book value , the worth it assigns to its assets . at the end of the second quarter , the book value was more than $ 13 / share , she said . the rumors apparently originated on various internet bulletin boards . enron stock has fallen more than 60 % since third - quarter financial results showing a $ 1 billion asset write - down , a $ 632 million net loss , and a $ 1 . 2 billion charge to equity were disclosed two weeks ago ( od oct . 17 , pl ) . while various charges against earnings had been expected , the equity issue had not been revealed previously . investors and analysts were livid that enron had not honored its pledge to be more open and transparent about its financials . the equity charge was related to the termination of two off - balance - sheet financing vehicles that had been headed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , at the same time he was a corporate officer . since then , investors have filed multiple lawsuits charging enron ' s management with conflicts of interest and failure to perform fiduciary duties . fastow resigned last week ( od oct . 25 , p 2 ) . another factor driving the stock down further was the us securities and exchange commission ' s decision to transfer an informal inquiry into the fastow situation to washington , d . c . , from houston . the agency has not changed the status of the matter to an investigation . this week the company has been dealing with liquidity issues as it tries to arrange a new line of credit to augment the $ 3 billion it drew down from existing financial arrangements last week . enron vice president mark palmer told oil daily that several parties in crude and refined products trading had asked enron to renegotiate credit terms , which the company will do . those commodities represent only about 2 % of enron ' s total trading book . natural gas and electricity make up around 98 % of the company ' s business , and those products " are trading as usual , " he said . barbara shook . ( c ) copyright 2001 . the oil daily co . for more infomation , call 800 - 999 - 2718 ( in u . s . ) or 202 - 662 - 0700 ( outside u . s . ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones it would be hard to devise a bill that consists mainly of corporate giveaways without giving a lot of money to the biggest companies . to understand what the bill is really about , you have to look at the big payoffs to not - so - big companies . one piece of the bill is custom - designed to benefit a small group of multinational financial firms . another is clearly there for the sake of certain health insurors . but the most remarkable thing is how much of the benefit from repeal of the alternative minimum tax - a measure that is also included in the bush administration ' s supposed stimulus plan , and which seems to be one of the administration ' s key priorities - goes to companies that are not all that big . for example , it ' s not too surprising that calculations by citizens for tax justice show general motors , with its 380 , 000 workers , getting a check for $ 800 million . but it ' s quite amazing that txu ( formerly dallas power and light ) , a company with only 16 , 000 employees , would get a check for $ 600 million . and there are a number of medium - sized companies that , like txu , are in line for surprisingly big benefits . these companies include chevrontexaco , enron , phillips petroleum , imc global and cms energy . what do they have in common ? well , they tend to be in the energy or mining businesses ; and they tend to be based in or near texas . in other words , the one - eyed bearded man with a limp looks a lot like dick cheney . there is almost certainly a lot of overlap between the companies that would derive large benefits from alternative minimum tax repeal and those that would have received large subsidies under the energy plan devised by mr . cheney ' s task force . you may remember that the administration , in apparent defiance of the law , refused to make the records of that task force ' s meetings available to congress ; that ' s one of those issues that seems to have been dropped after sept . 11 . and i guess it ' s superfluous to point out that the big winners in all this seem to be companies that gave large , one - sided donations to the republican party in the last election . ( this is not to suggest that democrats are any less susceptible to the influence of money . ) to me , the story of the bush administration is starting to look like the plot of " victor / victoria . " first we had a candidate who was supposed to be a moderate . then we learned , or thought we learned , that this was a mask ; he was really a hard - line conservative who pretended to be a moderate in order to gain office . but the latest economic proposals from the administration , like the cheney energy plan , don ' t look as if they came from serious free - marketeers . they don ' t make sense in terms of either demand - side or supply - side economics , but they do give a lot of money to certain companies . so maybe ideology was just another mask for someone who was really the candidate of corporations - not corporations in general , but a small group of companies with a quite specific set of business interests - and who is only pretending to be a hard - line conservative who pretended to be a moderate in order to gain office . it ' s an interesting and all too plausible picture . but it ' s a picture that most people will never see on their tv , and that many people would refuse to accept no matter how strong the evidence . that , of course , is what makes the whole thing possible . in the land of the blind , the one - eyed bearded man with a limp is king . in last wednesday ' s column i said the " original " war bonds were issued during world war ii . in fact , war bonds were also issued during the civil war and world war i . i don ' t think this affects the argument . deal sense after the bubble - tuesday by ed paisley 10 / 31 / 2001 the daily deal copyright ( c ) 2001 the deal llc when bubbles burst , glimpses into the inner workings of deals often follow . the internet bubble is proving no different . at first glance , there doesn ' t seem to be a lot in common between embattled online energy trader and broadband telecom wannabe enron corp . and the mevc draper fisher jurvetson i fund , a new york - listed closed - end venture capital fund . yet enron and draper , fisher jurvetson not only epitomize a new - economy thinking that ' s gone awry but a kind of insider excess that was characteristic of those now - departed go - go years . enron ' s shares have been falling since the markets began to recognize the dangers of its plans to shed real assets to try its hand at selling broadband capacity alongside its big online energy trading business . similarly , the mevc draper fisher jurvetson fund i ? a retail fund that took the draper fisher name but that wasn ' t run by the silicon valley vc ? now trades at a 42 % discount to its net asset value since its much - ballyhooed launch in 2000 . enron thought the internet would revolutionize its business , and it did ? by further commoditizing the energy products the company sold . dfj thought that venture capital itself could be commoditized and branded , and then peddled to retail investors eager to pan for internet gold dust . neither strategy worked ; both failed to account for the risk in a changing economic climate . today , enron finds itself a huge player in online energy trading and a struggling startup in a battered telecom industry , strategic shifts that could well threaten its survival . the houston company is making the rounds with bankers trying to secure a lending line large enough to avoid yet another potentially crippling credit downgrade . dfj engineered a truly top - of - the - bubble move into the vc " space , " franchising the firm ' s name to another band of vcs so that they could list a retail fund on the new york stock exchange . closed - end funds rarely succeed in the best of times ; mixing vc and the closed - end fund formula just as the internet economy deflated proved even more problematic . but while mevc ' s investors are surely out of pocket , dfl itself is still pulling in handsome management fees . mevc advisers inc . and sub - adviser the draper fisher jurvetson mevc management co . earn a 2 . 5 % advisory fee and 20 % incentive fee from its franchisee . high fees paid to various advisers are hardly unknown in silicon valley , where institutional investors and pension funds know the risks and are willing to pay the price to play . but mevc draper fisher jurvetson fund i was always meant to go to retail investors ( with the obligatory sec disclosures about risk and the fund ' s fees buried high up in the prospectus ) who are , presumably , not as sophisticated . enron , of course , also chose to bury the cost of its dealings with its own executives in an sec filing . the hefty fees paid to enron executives to manage the risk of its new online trading strategy cost enron cfo andrew fastow his job last week . when bubbles burst , glimpses into the inner workings of deals often follow . the internet bubble is proving no different . www . thedeal . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . pge ' s financial loss first in years 10 / 31 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . portland , ore . ( ap ) - saddled with surplus power , portland general electric posted a $ 5 million loss for the third quarter . pge recorded a total of $ 905 million in sales , but that didn ' t make up for high - priced electricity and an unpredictable wholesale market . " fuel costs and purchased power really ate away at net income , " said scott simms , a utility spokesman . until recently , pge had benefited from a surge in wholesale electricity prices , which hit the west in the spring of 2000 . but earlier this year wholesale prices plummeted , electricity shortages eased and pge found itself with surplus power it no longer could sell for a gain . pge officials say they can ' t remember the last time the utility had recorded a quarterly loss . a third - quarter jump in expenses clearly showed through in pge ' s financial report . the utility spent a record $ 814 million for wholesale electricity and fuel , compared with $ 523 million for the year - ago period when energy shortages and skyrocketing power costs first began showing up in financial reports . during the third quarter of 1999 , a time of relative stability for energy markets , pge spent $ 241 million for electricity and fuel . pge owns power plants capable of meeting roughly half the demand of its 730 , 000 residential and business customers . it buys the rest of its electricity on wholesale markets . a subsidiary of houston - based enron , the utility serves more oregon customers than any other utility . its territory covers most of the populous northern willamette valley . pge attributed the recent steep drop in electric power prices to federal price controls , mild summer weather , added generation from new power plants , a fall in natural gas prices and conservation . drought conditions , which forced pge to rely more heavily on natural gas - fired power plants rather than hydroelectric generation , further increased the utility ' s costs , pge reported . pge disclosed its third - quarter loss in a filing late last week with the securities and exchange commission . the utility will submit its full quarterly report in mid - november . consistent gains pge had posted a steady stream of quarterly gains at least since 1992 , according to utility records . large rate increases , effective oct . 1 , are expected to generate an additional $ 400 million annually and push earnings back into positive territory . utility officials say the extra revenue will be used almost entirely for electricity and fuel purchases . several business and consumer groups have objected to the oct . 1 increases and have asked the oregon public utility commission to re - evaluate the decision that put the new rates into effect . regulators will decide by nov . 23 whether to reconsider their decision . portland - based northwest natural gas also is closely watching pge ' s situation . nw natural on oct . 8 announced plans to buy pge from enron for almost $ 3 billion in cash , stock and assumed debt . copyright ? 2000 dow jones source : world reporter ( tm ) mumbai : energy analysts and anti - enron activists have criticised the reported move by indian financial institutions to buy out enron ' s exposure to the tune of $ 1 . 3 billion at a 30 per cent discount . a recent report suggested that a consortium of financial institutions led by the industrial development bank of india , which is also the lead banker for the project , was negotiating picking up enron ' s exposure in the project at a 30 per cent discount . the reported pay - out for enron ' s stake in the dabhol power company is grossly in excess of what the madhav godbole committee had recommended . contending that the offer was highly over - priced , convenor of the enron virodhi andolan , pradyumna kaul , said , ` ` enron , along with general electric and bechtel , has an equity stake of $ 900 million and a bridge loan of $ 300 million , which takes their total exposure to over $ 1 billion . the godbole committee had recommended in its renegotiation report a five - year moratorium on all loans and a discounting of enron ' s equity to $ 250 million . ' ' the state government had accepted this formula while the centre has talked in terms of paying $ 500 million . ` ` all these computations are much lower than the $ 700 million to $ 800 million that the financial institutions are willing to pay , ' ' he said . mr kaul said an independent study commissioned by his ngo had suggested a formula much different from what enron is hoping to negotiate . ` ` out of the $ 3 . 1 billion project cost , the study says $ 1 billion can be written off . half of this capital cost restructuring would come from writing down equity . ' ' to the argument that indian fis would lose out if they wrote off such huge amounts , he said , ` ` here , we are talking of writing off about rs 5 , 500 - 6 , 000 crore out of rs 13 , 000 crore . in the capital restructuring in the steel sector , amounts of about rs 20 , 000 crore were recently written off , ' ' he asserted . abhay mehta , author of ` power play ' , an expose of the enron deal , said , ` ` if the fis think they have evaluated enron ' s stake fairly , it is a matter of grave concern . ' ' an analyst with the prayas energy group , shantanu dixit , questions the validity of enron ' s insistence that it should be paid even for its ` ` development expenditure ' ' . ` ` it has factored in $ 200 million on this count . but this amount was spent before the project went online . how can that be clubbed with the project ' s capital cost ? ' ' he said . ` ` the fundamental issue is where did they spend this money . this claim is of a piece with enron executive linda powers ' statement that the company spent $ 20 million on educating indians , ' ' mr dixit said . it is learnt that idbi is not too happy with enron ' s inclusion of $ 200 million as development expenditure and $ 140 million as earnings to be retained , in its tally of $ 1 . 3 billion . ` ` against this figure , the 30 per cent discount is notional , ' ' a source said . ` ` without these two add - ons , there is simply no discount , ' ' he pointed out . another analyst who has followed enron closely says that by no stretch of imagination can development expenditure be so high . ` ` the big question here is how enron has managed to inflate its cost ? the kirit parikh committee had claimed to have brought down the costs of the project from $ 2 . 8 billion to $ 2 . 5 billion . but enron overshot the original estimate of $ 2 . 8 billion by another $ 300 million . what is the explanation for this and why should financial institutions pay for it ? ' ' he said . a mantralaya official pointed out that a related issue was the future of the lng shipping company , greenfield , floated by enron to build a ship to supply fuel to dabhol . enron had a 30 per cent stake in it and the shipping corporation of india had a 40 per cent stake . ` ` it has refused to pay its $ 11 million equity in that venture , ' ' he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . indian lenders to dabhol to meet power secretary today our economy bureau new delhi 10 / 31 / 2001 business standard 3 copyright ( c ) business standard the urgency to resolve the dabhol power project imbroglio has gathered momentum with the indian lenders to the project meeting senior officials in the power ministry tomorrow . sources said that the indian lenders led by idbi chairman p p vora would brief power secretary a k basu on the progress in talks with prospective buyers , bses ltd and tata power , for the foreign stake in the project . the lenders will also discuss the roadmap for revival of the project . vora is also slated to meet top enron officials in london later this week to discuss possible solutions for breaking the deadlock . tata power and bses have already held parleys with the indian institutions to pick up 85 per cent foreign equity in dpc . meanwhile , sources said that idbi , icici and sbi have agreed to take over ifci ' s share of guarantee as had been proposed by japan bank for international cooperation ( jbic ) . jbic had also sought an acceleration in the payment of foreign loan which idbi is negotiating . indian lenders have also agreed to pay the loan taken by dpc from jbic and japan ' s ministry for international trade and industry which has been due since october 1 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron queried by sec on debt , partnership in 1998 ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 30 19 : 57 ( new york ) enron queried by sec on debt , partnership in 1998 ( updatel ) ( adds new cfo in eighth paragraph . ) houston , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . was asked by the securities and exchange commission in 1998 to explain its finances , including a partnership designed to take debt off its books , according to an sec letter . the 23 - page document included 138 questions that asked about the jedi ii partnership , enron cash flows , hedging policies and accounting for energy reserves . the agency this month began to probe enron ' s relationship to limited partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . ` ` the 1998 questions are pretty much the same disclosure issues that we are hearing about today , just different deals , ' ' said john gavin , president of plymouth , minnesota - based sec insight , a private research company that obtained the letter through the freedom of information act . sec insight provided a copy of the letter to bloomberg news . enron chief of staff steve kean said the letter is from the sec ' s corporations and finance division , which he said regularly sends questions to companies about the form and content of their corporate filings . ` ` this is a quite common , ' ' kean said . ` ` i ' m sure that if you did freedom of information act requests for other large companies , you would find similar letters with lengthy commentary . ' ' he said ` ` you can ' t really make a connection ' ' between the letter and the current sec inquiry . fastow fired sec spokesman michael robinson declined to comment on whether the agency questioned enron in 1998 or 1999 , and wouldn ' t confirm or deny that letters to enron were sent . enron shares fell for a 10 th straight day , tumbling 19 percent after touching their lowest level in nine years . moody ' s investor ' s service placed the energy company ' s commercial paper rating on review for downgrade and lowered its long - term debt to two notches above junk status . the stock dropped $ 2 . 65 to $ 11 . 16 . enron fired fastow wednesday , the day after enron disclosed the sec had started an inquiry into two partnerships formed in 1999 . transactions with those partnerships cost enron $ 35 million in the third quarter and reduced shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . enron promoted jeff mcmahon , head of the industrial markets unit , to cfo . in its most recent inquiry , the sec has asked enron about the two partnerships , ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , that were run by fastow and dealt in enron assets and shares . the sec has moved that inquiry to its washington from its offices in fort worth , texas , a person familiar with the inquiry said . enron has formed dozens of affiliated companies to buy assets such as power plants . investors have been pressing enron for more details on the affiliated companies because some of them bought company assets with borrowed money enron will have to pay back if the affiliates can ' t . partnership questioned the workings of one affiliated company , jedi ii , stumped the sec in 1998 . the agency asked enron to ` ` either explain or cross reference to discussion ' ' a fuller description of jedi ii . the company ' s annual report to the sec for 1998 lists jedi , or joint energy development investments lp , as an ` ` unconsolidated affiliate . ' ' enron owned 50 percent of the company , the filing says . fastow , treasurer ben gilsan , president greg whalley and nine other enron executives are listed on texas secretary of state records as officers or partners of jedi ii . enron has said in recent days that employees listed as officers of affiliates do so to represent enron ' s interests and receive no compensation for that role . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at 609 - 750 - 4651 enron probe is moved to sec ' s head office from texas ( correct ) 2001 - 10 - 30 18 : 52 ( new york ) enron probe is moved to sec ' s head office from texas ( correct ) ( corrects to $ 35 million the cost of financial dealings with affiliate in fifth paragraph . ) washington , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - the securities and exchange commission , by transferring a probe of enron corp . ' s finances from texas to washington , may be handing the case to a task force of enforcement lawyers and accountants , a former sec counsel said . the case was moved from the agency ' s forth worth district office , a person with knowledge of the inquiry said . the transfer was reported earlier today by the wall street journal . an sec spokesman declined to comment , citing the agency ' s refusal to discuss any investigation . hal degenhardt , administrator of the fort worth office , didn ' t return a phone call . the sec set up the accounting task force in washington about 18 months ago , saying the unit ' s goals were to bring accounting - related cases more quickly and to deal with complicated or novel accounting issues . under former chairman arthur levitt , who left the commission in february , the sec declared accounting fraud to be its top enforcement priority . ` ` it ' s possible that the sec decided that it wanted that group to handle the case , ' ' said christian mixter , a partner with morgan lewis & bockius in washington and former sec chief litigation counsel . last week , houston - based enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow , after saying the sec had sought information about enron ' s financial dealings with affiliates , run by fastow , that cost the largest energy trader $ 35 million . the sec ' s headquarters staff has more enforcement investigators with accounting expertise than do its regional and branch offices , lawyers said . accounting investigators the district offices ` ` are principally engaged in investigating broker - dealer , investment - adviser and offering violations , ' ' said john sturc , a partner at the gibson dunn & crutcher law firm and former sec associate enforcement director . ` ` while a few of them have the staff to investigate accounting issues , generally the depth of experience is in the headquarters office . ' ' the sec staff has opened investigations of dozens of large companies , including xerox corp . , conagra foods inc . and lucent technologies inc . , that still are pending . as of mid - july , the sec was conducting about 260 accounting - fraud investigations , including about 40 probes of large companies . sec chairman harvey pitt last week said the sec will shift its main accounting focus more toward improving financial disclosure than prosecuting corporate financial fraud . ` ` i ' m more concerned about protecting investors before violations occur , ' ' pitt said in an interview . enron shares fell 19 . 2 percent today , after moody ' s investors service yesterday placed the company ' s rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade and lowered its long - term debt to two notches above junk status . enron stock has plunged almost 46 percent since it disclosed the sec ' s inquiry , and fell $ 2 . 65 today to $ 11 . 16 . - - vicky stamas in washington at ( 202 ) 624 - 1958 usa : nymex plans to start otc natgas clearing services . 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 30 ( reuters ) - the new york mercantile exchange ( nymex ) said on tuesday it plans to offer credit intermediation through clearing services and trading tools to the over - the - counter ( otc ) natural gas market . the plan includes launching exchange of futures for swap ( efs ) transactions and large order executions to the natgas futures market within the next few weeks , adding to its previously announced electronic trading of cleared natural gas swaps and basis contracts . " recent events in the natural gas market have served to reinforce the necessity of counterparty credit risk management and have accelerated the exchange ' s plans to introduce a full array of risk management tools under the umbrella of our clearinghouse , " nymex president j . robert collins said in the statement . a swap is an unregulated contractual agreement between two parties which involves a guaranteed fixed price on an underlying commodity for a set period of time that is later settled in cash . traders said the nymex announcement was well - timed in light of credit concerns swirling in the gas market following enron ' s recent stock plunge . houston - based enron corp . , the biggest u . s . natural gas and electricity trading house , saw its shares slump 19 percent tuesday to $ 11 . 16 , their lowest level since 1992 . nymex said $ 500 million will be available as a guarantee to participants on each of the exchange divisions through a fund backed by exchange clearing members , nearly eliminating credit risk between individual parties . efs transactions - similar to exchange of futures for physical ( efp ) transactions - allow two parties to privately negotiate an integrated otc swap and related futures transaction priced according to their own mutual terms . the transaction must involve approximately equal but opposite side - of - market quantities of futures and swap exposures in the same or related commodities and will be permitted until two hours after trading terminates in the underlying futures contract . efs transactions will be permitted to liquidate , initiate , and transfer futures market positions between the two parties involved in the transaction . the clearing member representing each party will be responsible to notify nymex of the amount and type of futures contracts involved , the price at which the futures transaction should be cleared , and the identity of the parties involved . nymex will also start letting traders execute block trades of 250 natural gas futures contracts or more in the first two nearby months at the best bid or offer for that size . these trades will not be permitted during the closing range . the exchange said that early next year it will launch a cleared henry hub natural gas swaps contract , providing the marketplace with direct clearing on the most popular energy swaps contract over the last several year . as part of this move , nymex said it will clear otc - executed transactions through its efs mechanism . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 3 - enron shares plunge 19 percent , hit 1992 levels . by c . bryson hull 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 30 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . dropped 19 percent to their lowest level since 1992 on tuesday , amid fears of a credit crunch and persistent investor concerns over its silence about the energy giant ' s finances . the stock was the most active by far on the new york stock exchange as the biggest trader of natural gas and power in north america suffered another rout in its 10 th straight day of losses . houston - based enron has shed more than $ 17 billion in market capitalization in the past two weeks amid a series of disclosures about murky off - balance - sheet deals with partnerships run by its then chief financial officer . the disclosures destroyed the stock , forced the ouster of cfo andrew fastow , led to a u . s . securities and exchange commission conflict - of - interest inquiry and have caused at least one credit rating agency to slash enron ' s senior - debt credit status . enron stock closed down $ 2 . 65 to $ 11 . 16 in trading volume of 42 . 7 million shares , a good 47 percent more than the next most active stock on the nyse . the shares crossed the $ 12 threshold in the morning for the first time since january 1993 , then repeatedly tested the $ 11 barrier throughout the session before touching a low of $ 10 . 95 shortly before the close - its lowest level since july 1992 . " this enron situation is unique , and uniquely bad . the inability of the management to make a satisfactory response to all these claims and innuendoes has caused a mighty run on the stock for these past few weeks , " said sanders morris harris analyst john olson . " i for one am at a loss to explain their reticence to respond . " enron said it was working to address its credibility gap . " we have heard the criticism loud and clear and we have made a commitment to change those perceptions . ( chairman and chief executive officer ) ken lay and everyone else on this management team has made it their priority to bring investor confidence up to the strong level of our core business , " enron spokesman vance meyer said . focusing on near - term one analyst suggested that enron was focusing management firepower on clearing the sec inquiry and securing new credit lines from its banks to address the concerns of the credit rating agencies . " they ' re focused on those two things , and i think if they successfully do those things they will find they will not be downgraded below investment grade , " commerzbank securities analyst andre meade said . if enron ' s credit drops below investment grade at current stock levels , it would be forced to issue more shares and further dilute the stock . worse , meade said , it would drastically increase enron ' s cost for trading , as counterparties demand more cash and guarantees for deals . olson said the stock price was irrationally low , even assuming a conservative valuation of enron ' s businesses at 14 times estimated 2001 earnings per share of $ 1 . 81 . the company ' s core trading business is worth about $ 23 per share at those levels , olson said . the total company , even accounting for losses from the failing broadband business , is worth about $ 27 now as opposed to $ 37 two weeks ago , he said . after cutting enron ' s rating on monday , moody ' s investors service warned it could lower the rating even further , as well as cut enron ' s short - term debt status . the cut coincided with enron ' s confirmation that it was seeking additional credit lines to increase its liquidity , after tapping its full $ 3 . 3 billion revolving credit line last week . enron has seen its credibility demolished as it has given piecemeal answers about its involvement in financial partnerships so complex as to confound even seasoned financial analysts who make their living unraveling earnings statements and balance sheets . fastow was general partner in two partnerships , which paid him millions in management fees , that did business with enron . they caused a $ 1 . 2 billion loss in shareholder equity after enron was forced to repay the partnerships with stock once their investments , many into broadband , soured . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s stock continues tumbling after investigation reportedly moves to washington 10 / 30 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s stock plummeted to a nine - year low on tuesday , pushed down in part by reports that an investigation by the securities and exchange commission moved to the agency ' s headquarters in washington from a regional office in fort worth , texas . shares of enron , the nation ' s largest natural gas and power marketer , fell $ 2 . 65 , or by 19 percent , to $ 11 . 16 , a level not seen since 1992 . enron ' s stock price decline steadily from nearly $ 85 at the beginning until the middle of october , when the company reported earnings and serious questions about its fiscal health were raised . since reporting a disappointing quarterly losses on oct . 16 , enron has been negotiating with banks to establish new credit lines and has been surrounded by turmoil because of losses stemming from partnerships managed by the company ' s former chief financial officer . the partnerships have raised concerns about a potential conflict of interest and touched off an inquiry by the sec . the wall street journal reported tuesday the sec investigation has been moved to the agency ' s washington office . analysts say the change was interpreted to mean the investigation is more serious than originally thought . " i would imagine that ( the falling stock price ) must be attributed to the sec shift in venue . that is today ' s goblin " with enron ' s stock price , said robert christensen , an analyst with fac / equities in new york . enron officials did not immediately return messages left tuesday by the associated press . sec spokesman michael robinson declined comment and would not confirm or deny the investigation had been moved . shares of enron were sacked by more than 10 percent on monday after moody ' s investors service downgraded the company ' s long - term debt and warned of possible further downgrades . enron reported a net loss of $ 638 million in the third quarter , taking a one - time charge of $ 1 . 01 billion attributed to investment losses , troubled assets and unit restructurings . enron ' s stock has dropped ever since as it became apparent some of those losses were tied to partnerships managed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow , who was ousted last week . the company last week decided to cash in about $ 3 billion in revolving credit it has with various banks to shore up investor confidence . christensen said it ' s premature to discuss any possibility that enron could be taken over if its current financial woes don ' t improve . " a vote of confidence by an outside financial institution , a commercial bank or two extending them additional credit and or a white knight investor stating that they have reviewed the basic book of business of this company and that it ' s ok would work wonders , " christensen said . christensen said enron ' s core business model of energy marketing is a very good one . " the sidelines and hobbies enron was attracted to in the last five years have come home to roost but its basic business function appears to be valid , " he said . christensen said other energy companies , whose stock prices have suffered because of the enron tumult , do not appear to be hurt by what has been happening to enron recently . - - - on the net : http : / / www . enron . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: your specialist ' s appointment starts on the 24 th stop the paln vi - codine pain relief ! fda report : http : / / chamberlain . . com c _ e ' a ' s . e : http : / / canberra . . com / please provisional edtbauhaus crave demolitionbooze martingale adjudgepluperfect gottfried blousebeau allegra heirsubtracter demit oblongdirectorate roberto vindictivebristle nation cookbookcarven soulful oleandertune haiku inaccessiblemuscular balm fishermanindebted dade dizzytroposphere  
2	Subject: re : harvard business school case studies vince - the only one i can find is the dhabol one . do you still want that one alone ? i ' m sorry we don ' t have the others . beth vince j kaminski 07 / 31 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : beth miertschin / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : harvard business school case studies beth , thanks . dhabol is one . there should be 2 more case studies we used . one about old egs , the 2 nd about tva options . 2 - 3 copies will be sufficient . vince from : beth miertschin 07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 44 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : harvard business school case studies try this . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beth miertschin / hou / ect on 07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : beth miertschin 07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 14 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : harvard business school case studies vince - i just found some copies ! how many do you need and i will have them delivered to you . they are the case about the dabhol project in india . is that the one you were thinking of ? beth vince j kaminski 07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 10 pm to : beth miertschin / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : harvard business school case studies beth , i have a favor to ask . do we have copies of harvard business school case studies about enron ? we use these case studies during super saturdays . i need a few copies . this is for prof . john martin . vince 
2	Subject: 18 noms to city gates - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 18 / 2000 07 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 17 / 2000 11 : 12 : 54 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : 18 noms to city gates ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls ) - hpl - jan . xls 
2	Subject: re : board presentation louise : i ' ve attached a draft for your review which includes sites that we expect to sell this year . let me know if you have any questions , or if you ' d like me to make changes . please note the amounts reflected on the sheet do not include ft . pierce . regards , ben - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : mon 10 / 1 / 2001 10 : 33 am to : jacoby , ben cc : subject : re : board presentation p & l - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jacoby , ben sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 10 : 21 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : board presentation sure thing . i ' ll get it to you this morning . what ' s a p 71 ? regards , ben - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sun 9 / 30 / 2001 10 : 08 pm to : jacoby , ben cc : subject : board presentation can you please email me a list of the development sites we have sold this year , what our basis was and what p 7 l we expect of have from each site . please include onondaga and doyle , aes site etc . i need it asap . thanks louise 
2	Subject: m & m finance understaning what ' s important finhancinq your home is about more than just finding an attractive raite . m & m fhinance works with you to develop a personalized mordtqage solution that supports your fhinancial gols . the m & m fhinence can help you achieve that gol with our specialised progran that are tailored to you . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is avaiiable for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best regards , karena  
2	Subject: popular software at low low pricees looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . r 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . h 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . q 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . c 60 and lots more . . . lazktc 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 26 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 726 . xls ) - hplo 726 . xls 
2	Subject: re : new trader ids _ gcp response request complete kate . enpower it is looking into refreshing the system . you should " see " all traders , including steve merriss , upon refresh of the enpower system or 7 / 31 / 01 . please call me if you ' re still not seeing the traders by tomorrow morning . best rgds . samuel ( 713 ) 853 - 9890 enron net works _ global counterparty ( houston operations ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 9 : 27 am to : schott , samuel cc : williams iii , bill ; bland , todd ; merriss , steven ; anderson , john subject : re : new trader ids _ gcp response samuel - thanks for completing that request so quickly . unfortunately , i received a message from todd bland over the weekend saying he is still unable to save deals using his own name . he called enpower support and spoke with nicolay , who told todd he needed an originator id - are you familiar with that or how todd could get one ? also , we have one more trader who never received access to trade under these desks : short term west bom , short term southwest , short term california . his name is steve merriss . could you please add his name to the list as well ? thanks again for all of your help . kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schott , samuel sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 5 : 39 pm to : symes , kate cc : bland , todd ; williams iii , bill subject : re : new trader ids _ gcp response hi kate , your request is complete , effective upon refresh of the enpower system . best rgds . samuel ( 713 ) 853 - 9890 enron net works _ global counterparty ( houston operations ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 5 : 19 pm to : schott , samuel cc : bland , todd ; williams iii , bill subject : new trader id sam - we ' re once again in need of a new trader id - todd bland joined the portland real time group as a summer intern , and it seems he hasn ' t been added yet . could we get his name added as a trader for the following desks : short term west hourly short term west bom short term southwest short term california i appreciate your help with this . let me know if you have any questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: hpl / conoco - teco waha 03 / 23 / 01 purchase daren , conoco invoiced hpl at $ 5 . 87 for 03 / 23 at pgev / waha and deal ticket 685350 shows $ 4 . 87 . can you confirm the price ? thanks . 
2	Subject: [ wm ] ( no subject ) dear our guests , explore turkey with astartetours ! ! hotel reservations : you will find more than 200 hotels all over turkey , which have been carefully selected . through our reservation system we are able to book more than 1 . 000 hotels arround europe . tours hosted programs , sightseeing tours , escorted tours or cruise programs . we have tours on set dates each year or we can organize special itineraries for the independant traveller or small groups ! ! rent - a - car : travelling on your own pace in turkey ! we have a range of vehicles on offer to choose from . they may be hired in all major cities . your car can be made available at the airport or your hotel for collection ! ! visit our web - site ! ! www . astartetours . com kind regards astarte tours p . s . : if you want to unsubscribe , please sent us an e - mail . this sf . net email is sponsored by : get the new palm tungsten t handheld . power & color in a compact size ! webmake - talk mailing list webmake - talk @ lists . sourceforge . net  
2	Subject: invitation to cera multiclient study workshop mr . vincent j . kaminski managing director enron capital & trade resources corp . dear mr . kaminski : you are cordially invited to attend a special workshop during ceraweek 2001 in houston addressing new and subtle dynamics in the oil market that could be costing companies millions of dollars in lost revenue . the workshop presents insights from a recent cera study entitled : " the hole in the barrel : capturing value from a volatile oil price " . ? the speakers will explain the challenges and suggest practical steps not only to mitigate these forces , but use them as a way to increase revenue . time : monday , february 12 , 2001 , 2 : 00 - 5 : 00 pm location : westin galleria , houston , tx cost : the workshop is a deliverable to members of the hole in the barrel : capturing value from a volatile oil price . for non - members of the hole in the barrel multiclient study , a fee of us $ 3 , 500 will be charged ( fee can be applied to the purchase of the study ) . please visit our online prospectus for the study located at : for more information , please contact me at badedamola @ cera . com or + 1 617 441 - 1348 . barry adedamola associate director , oil & global strategies our relationship with you is very important to us . ? if you wish not to receive e - mail notifications from cera , please send a reply to this message with " donotemail " as the subject of your message . ( mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject  donotemail )  
2	Subject: feb 2000 intercompany accrual variances below is a list of sitara deals that had volume variances or where one side ( purchase / sale ) did not get accrued for the feb 2000 accrual . my goal here is to bring this to everyone attention and second to see if there is a solution . i am taking a simplistic approach here in that since intercompany sitara deals are the same that the nominations on both sides should match on the month end accruals . if i am wrong on this assumption or if there is a system limitation i am free to suggestions , ideas or resolutions . please feel free to give me a call . hplc selling to ena . production month febo 0 ( accrual ) : volume variance : sitara : meter / point volume amount 156071 hpl / 0980391 vol var of 24 , 167 mmbtu midt / 0988743 missing on purchase side ( ena ) sitara : meter / point volume amount 160579 hpl / 0986363 632 , 272 mmbtu $ 1 , 599 , 402 . 29 161541 hpl / 0980694 108 , 576 mmbtu $ 278 , 296 . 18 166459 hgpl / 8177 - 4570 30 , 000 mmbtu $ 75 , 000 . 00 201810 hpl / 0986363 50 , 000 mmbtu $ 129 , 500 . 00 201839 hpl / 0980694 20 , 000 mmbtu $ 51 , 800 . 00 202672 lone / 0361770 23 , 417 mmbtu $ 58 , 274 . 16 280083 hpl / 0980308 555 , 292 mmbtu $ 1 , 518 , 225 . 09 total 1 , 395 , 689 mmbtu $ 3 , 710 , 497 . 72 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * mission : proactively identify and resolve intercompany volume issues upstream . first goal : tying intercompany volumes on the monthly accruals . second goal : tying intercompany volumes on actuals . third goal : minimizing analyse time saving $ $ $ $ . thanks gregg lenart texas gas settlements 3 - 6921 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at backo 7 . freeler . ilcampo . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . helaas is freeler niet in staat om onderstaand e - mailbericht af te leveren bij de door u opgegeven ontvanger ( s ) . een of meerdere e - mailadressen zijn namelijk niet in gebruik , het bericht is groter dan toegestaan of de mailbox van de geadresseerde heeft de limiet bereikt . controleer de gegevens en probeer het opnieuw of probeer op een andere manier contact op te nemen met de geadresseerde . : the users mailfolder is over the allowed quota ( size ) . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 4916 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 received : from unknown ( [ 172 . 16 . 4 . 16 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by backo 7 . freeler . nl ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with qmqp for ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 delivered - to : clusterhost smtpo 7 . freeler . nl s . de . haano 5 @ freeler . nl received : ( qmail 21982 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo wng - 04 . evisp . enertel . nl ) ( [ 213 . 218 . 77 . 204 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by smtpo 7 . freeler . nl ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with des - cbc 3 - sha encrypted smtp for ; 19 jul 2005 17 : 54 : 21 - 0000 received : from buffer - 01 . evisp . enertel . nl ( buffer - 01 . evisp . enertel . nl [ 213 . 218 . 68 . 24 ] ( may be forged ) ) by wng - 04 . evisp . enertel . nl ( 8 . 12 . 11 / 8 . 12 . 11 ) with esmtp id j 6 jhrsn 4031476 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 19 : 54 : 21 + 0200 received : from mailwisconsin . com ( [ 203 . 128 . 23 . 64 ] ) by buffer - 01 . evisp . enertel . nl ( 8 . 13 . 0 / 8 . 13 . 0 ) with smtp id j 6 jaxw 82023290 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 43 + 0200 ( cest ) received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360007 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : s . de . haano 5 @ freeler . nl user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: cornhusker for sept i was informed by nancy stivers at tenaska that rich hill with enron called tenaska and requested that they continue to handle the nominations and accounting for cornhusker through september . have you heard this ? 
2	Subject: steilar research points the way to maximizing success yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 105 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been really moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wiil market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketplace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are ideaily suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the worid where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new my nomad product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , cail waiting , voice mai | , and a globa | virtual number . also included in the new offering is a residentia | standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any cell phone or reguiar phone with remote dia | - out ( celluiar bridging capability ) . a sieek voip enabied , fu | | - featured lan phone with lcd display , ca | | er id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced cal | forwarding , ca | | biock and remote dia | - out ( ce | | uiar bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wi | | be added to the product | ine . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most complete and technoiogicaily advanced line of voip products currently available in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months leaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ! ( , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product line calied nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireiess capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed | ine ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace , 2 ) large multinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a more economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their reiatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeies , san francisco and newport beach california . conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 006 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: vv - take want to know how to save over 60 % on your pi divorcee ils ? http : / / www . pledelo . apostrophe com - successfull and proven way t miocene o save your mone thriftless y . animosity v a glutton g a immigrant l l sequestrum u blessed l r appeasable ac extenuate l aerophone is choreographer val inverse m andmanyother . best consequent prlces . high judgematical quaiity . worldwide wayside shlpplng . total confi punctuation dentiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfie unmerciful d customers . have a nic tonsure e day ! 
2	Subject: vision and values meeting summary - may 17 meeting to : ena vision and values committee brian redmond asked that this summary be forwarded to all team members . i apologize if you are no longer a member of the ena vision and values team . having just replaced elisabeth mccabe as head of public relations , i am using the most recent list of team members i can find . please contact me , if you are no longer a member of the ena vision and values team . thanks . below summarizes the key points of our may 17 meeting : > > executive committe presentation > overall , the initiatives identified in the presentation were > well - received by the executive committee . > thanks to all of the presenters for delivering a clear and concise > message . > the final presentation is attached . > > p & d > two pilots are planned between now and the end of may . > gpg has additional ideas for pilots . > the ad agency has submitted a marketing and communication plan . review > of the proposal is underway . > > communication training > the goal of this initiative is to increase the enrollment of > participants in the course , impact and influence . sessions were > recently completed in london and houston . > currently , we are using data received in the impact and influence > training to develop program design for follow - up training . > we have received a proposal from cognitive arts for on - line > communications training . > once this training rolls out , we ' ll need all v & v reps and business unit > heads to encourage participation of employees to complete the training . > > communication tools > phase i of the one enron directory is on target for july 2000 . the > basics , name , phone number , functional org chart , title , etc , . are > expected to be included in phase i . > since it is the responsibility of the individual to update the > directory , please encourage your business unit employees to populate > gis . gis can be accessed from the enron intranet home page . > currently , the e - mail policy is under review . > the second half of 2000 will be spent on raising the level of awareness > on the proper use of technology tools . > the technology showcase is scheduled for friday , may 19 , in the enron > lobby . > > internal communication campaign > posters are now in the houston enron building and three allen center . > we are in process of translating the posters in spanish and portuguese . > offices around the world should receive posters over the next 30 days . > interesting facts about enron will be on practical products throughout > the summer . > post - it notes with quotes about communication will be distributed to > all > employees worldwide in about 2 weeks . > additional post - it notes will be available on the office supply order > form . > > excellence through communication > please continue to work with your business units to identify action > plans to respond to feedback in etc . > please include employee communication as part of your plan . we want to > be sure that our efforts are tied back to the employee feedback > received > on etc . > > diversity > dick leibert asked each business unit representative to identify 10 > employees to participate in diversity focus groups . an e - mail > explaining the effort and the process will be coming from dick shortly . > > best companies survey > the survey from fortune is coming sometime this summer . > please encourage comments about worklife experiences be shared in the > survey . > there was a suggestion in the meeting to market our ranking on the list > similar to continental airlines . discussion continues on this idea . > > other > we are in the process of pulling together ken lay ' s nomination for > executive communicator of the year . 
2	Subject: high quality sexy married ladies looking for discrete encounters dating cheating house wives is very exciting , and these ladies are looking for one thing , sex on the side . most members are all married and do not want their husband or wife to find out , so be discrete with all members . we believe we provide a valuable service to our customers . see photos and profiles in your area click here for no more promotions - cick  
2	Subject: producer shut - in list for victoria 18 " line work think he forgot you on this list ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hou / ect on 12 / 29 / 99 03 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 12 / 29 / 99 02 : 49 pm to : connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , gary besancon / gco / enron @ enron , rodney rogers / gco / enron @ enron , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect subject : producer shut - in list for victoria 18 " line work hpl will be completing tie - ins to replace the guadalupe river crossing on the swinney to victoria 18 " . the following meters will be shut in at approximately 8 : 00 am on january 4 , 2000 and be brought back on - line sometime during the evening of january 6 , 2000 : 986833 marks # 1 common point 989730 swickheimer 984056 cologne 985754 battle fld 985982 coletto creek 986063 mokeen 986140 swickheimer 989620 duty # 1 984046 apache 985547 freeman 989664 talber graham 986757 sheridan energy 985972 hughes & hughes 986668 pentex 985541 esperanza 984724 new horizons 984959 dynamic 985360 bnp petroleum 984143 hilcorp 984286 spindletop 985430 southern gas 989679 strand energy 989663 edge petroleum 985801 vintage 989629 petro corporation 986722 duke three rivers gas plant 989736 c & e berclair 989813 c & d lucas 986725 southern resources 986015 mider 985192 delhi sarco if you have any question please feel free to call me at 36449 . thanks gary 
2	Subject: re : they want to let you in my heart goodbye midnight priceelton blight atavisminfantrymen pollute accessionme confucianism absorbentmosque conceptual shutdownadvertise crash hyphenatechildlike interfere nymphomaniaminim chalice raphaelspearmint bernet severedichloride 
2	Subject: broker client once we have a buyer , subject to their approval , i would like to offer broker client contracts to the existing brokers , with the first x months free with no obligation to continue ( but hopefully they will , and will pay us ) . i think this will help us to rebuild volumes . please let me know if you disagree . dave 
2	Subject: news ! unique lo project - : dark _ cry ! : hello , bruceg can you hear them crying in the night ? . . . 27 000 photos , 200 collections . . . clickhere http : / / agz 8 h 2 . com / home . html http : / / agz 8 h 2 . com / darkcry / mostly recommended ! if have a problem with access write to me necessarily becorel 687 @ gmail . com value edit component soft string edit guest jean _ louise _ finch 68 . 59 . 250 . 195 eastsi 98 you can keep away from the rogue , but you cannot keep yourself safe from the liar . 7 / 9 / 20053 : 25 : 19 pm 
2	Subject: re : enron trading sally , thanks a lot . please let me know her extension as soon as she gets one and i will then talk to her . my contact numbers are 91 22 2881788 ( office ) and 91 98202 82571 ( mobile ) . thanks and regards . to : milind laad / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : enron trading my new employee who will be working with me on global standards for operations for all trading / origination locations started with enron yesterday . her name is shona wilson , and i do not know her extension . she was in orientation yesterday , and i will be meeting with her today from 9 : 30 to 10 : 30 to discuss her initial assignments , of which working with india is one . i will have her contact you later today . although she is new to enron , she has had extensive experience with price waterhouse coopers in internal audit , controls and process redesign for trading firms , both in the us and in europe . she will work with other seasoned professionals on my team to set up the infrastructure that is needed in india . - - sally to : wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , bill gathmann / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : re : enron trading wanda / sally , can i talk to the person sometime today or tomorrow ? . please provide me with the name and tel no . thanks and regards . milind wanda curry @ ect 19 - 05 - 2000 08 : 49 pm to : milind laad / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enron trading i had a chance to review your presentation . bill and i have been working with sally beck , global energy ops and she will identify a resource to help insure all internal controls ( specific to trading activities ) are in place in india . as i understand the plan for coal , india will function mostly as an origination unit with the london office being responsible for supplying the coal . therefore , the net enron position will probably be carried in the london books . however , risk books will still be required in india to determine the net mtm for the 3 rd party sales commitments in india . these books should include both the intercompany purchase from london and the 3 rd party sales . the commercial group in india will be responsible for local curves ( location ( basis ) specific - usually transportation costs ) , and energy operations ( this will probably be you initially until the trading activity has grown ) will be responsible for the deal capture process ( including contract administration ) , a settlement process and risk management administration ( daily valuation and reporting of risk books ) . accounting will be responsible for the reconciliation of risk books to the general ledger and financials . there will also be a logistics process . the following questions need to be addressed : with the increased coal volumes will an increase in trading limits be required ? my understanding that the london coal group will be responsible for determining this and working with ted murphy to change the policy , if necessary . what trading activities will be performed in india vs . london ? the answer to this is needed to determine the control infrastructure required for the india office . sally ' s employee starts on monday , i will let you know who she is and arrange a call . you can rest assured , that although this may seen complicated ( and it is ) , sally ' s energy ops team will be able to hold your hand all the way through this process . it will be critical that we demonstrate the control infrastructure is in place , before we can obtain sigh - off for trading from rick buy . looking forward to helping you get this ready for a july 1 start date . thanks , wanda curry to : wanda curry @ ect cc : bill gathmann / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : enron trading wanda , it was nice talking to you on the conference call . have you had a chance to review my presentation ? . your comments would be extremely helpful to me . when we setup the risk / credit / accnt / mis / internal control function , i want to make sure we do it right the first time , keeping in mind that there is always room for improvement later . in addition , i would like to discuss with you certain thought i have on the accounting , budgeting , internal controls and internal audit areas in eipl . do you plan to travel to india in the near future . please let me know . thanks and regards . 
2	Subject: enjoy it generic viagra , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 3 . quite a difference , huh ? an amazing erection within several seconds is guaranteed to you ! go into sexual overdrive today . . . vroooom ! shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / www . wwwbargins . biz / via / ? oxygen - - - - - link below is for that people who dislike adv . . . . . http : / / www . wwwbargins . biz / off . html  
2	Subject: re : texas finance festival fyi : below is some information on the 2 nd annual texas finance festival . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cindy justice / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000 09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " john d . martin " on 03 / 13 / 2000 09 : 43 : 51 am to : cindy justice cc : bill petty subject : re : texas finance festival cindy , yes , it ' s just around the corner and we have our very best program ever . our web site is up at check it out . actually , i was waiting for the final version of the program from sheridan to post it before getting in touch with you this week . we are planning on a room capacity group of 45 - 50 folks and are finalizing the plans for entertainment for friday and saturday night on the riverwalk . bill is handling the arrangements this year and i ' ll pass this message on to him as well . do you think we could get an enron speaker for saturday ' s luncheon ? last year was fabulous and would be hard to top but we ' d like to try . san antonio should be a bit easier on the speaker too . let me know what your thoughts are on everything including the speaker . bill and i are leaving town wed afternoon to go to a harvard conference so maybe we could talk before then . we ' re getting excited and want to get you guys involved for it is your personal ( and financial ) support that makes the conference really work . john at 01 : 09 pm 3 / 10 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > > john - > > i haven ' t heard from you in a while and realized that the texas finance festival > is around the corner on april 7 & 8 . how are things going ? > > cindy justice > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: penny stock booms on continued demand now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term buil market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miilions per week symbo | - mogi price - . 48 increased 11 % | ast three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wil | up again ? the value of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bul | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years . 3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - miliions , mogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and deveiopers | ike montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadrupie returns . vancouver , march 11 , 2005 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing wells and or expioratory programs which wil | strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wiil significantly lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as well as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the sylvan lake project will begin very shortiy the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miles from syivan lake . the initial we | | is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximately lo to 12 days to dril | and test the initial weil . each development we | | has probable production of 150 barrels of oi | per day and 750 miilion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biliion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , ooo barrels of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the syivan lake fieid has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one million cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dril | up to 4 more wells on these land sections . for more detailed information on this project please see news reiease dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wil | be made immediately upon the commencement of driiling . the company is also pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this will be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this weil will be tied in and the company wil | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company  the company will update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion . wil | mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successfu | trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi  s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 30 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: password for pjm 101 : the basics dear pjm attendees : for pjm 101 : the basics - febuary 27 , 2001 @ 9 : 00 am et your username and password will both be pjm + the first 3 letters of your last name . for instance my username and password would be pjmcur . feel free to go to our web site and change this at any time . http : / / www . virtual - workshops . com if you have any questions regarding this , give me a call . 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] important . > > from the desk of : dr . samuel eboka . tel no : your intl . access code + 873762692484 fax no : your intl . access code + 873762692485 email : samueleboka 2 @ email . com lagos , nigeria . dear sir , important . after due deliberation with my colleagues , we have decided to forward to you this business proposal . we want a reliable person who could assist us in the transfer the sum of twenty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ( $ 20 , 500 , 000 ) . via international bank draft cashable in any first world countries . this fund resulted from an over - invoiced bill from contracts awarded by us under the budget allocation to our ministry . this bill has been approved for payment by the other concerned ministries . the contract has since been executed , commissioned and the contractor was paid the actual cost of the contract . we are left with the balance us $ 20 . 5 m as part of the over - invoiced amount which we have deliberated over estimated for our own use . but under our protocol division , we as civil servants are forbidden to operate or own foreign accounts . this is why we are soliciting your assistance in this manner and regard . as you may want to know and to make you less curious , i got your address from adverts in the business directory . i am the chief accountant / internal auditor of the contract award committee ( cac ) of the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) . this transaction is very much free from all sorts of risks and trouble from my government . we the n . n . p . c . officials involved in this deal have put in many years in service to this ministry . we have been exercising patience for this opportunity for so long and to most of us this is a life time opportunity we cannot afford to miss . we have agreed to compensate you duly if agreement is reached by both of us and i and one of my colleagues involved in this deal will come to your country to arrange for our share , upon the confirmation from you that the certified international bank draft has been approved and raised in your favor . consequent upon your acceptance of this proposal , kindly confirm your interest by telephone to me , through my direct tel no : + 873 - 762 - 692484 . ( please call direct , do not add my country ( 234 ) and city ( 1 ) codes ) . your indication by revert telephone to me of your sincere and serious interest will enable me fax you or brief you of the procedures for this transaction . if my line is busy , please keep trying you will surely get through . note : in the event of your inability to handle this transaction please inform us so that we can look for another reliable person who can assist in this respect . it might surprise you why we choose you and trusted you for this transaction . yes , we believe that good friends can be discovered and business like this can not be realized without mutual trust . this is why we have decided to trust you for this transaction . be further informed that everyone  s interest and security had been considered before you were contacted , so be rest assured and feel free to go into this transaction with us . but let honesty and trust be our watchword throughout this transaction and your prompt reply will be highly appreciated . thank you , and god bless . best regards , dr . samuel eboka . note : - that you can use this alternative email addresses : samueleboka 2 @ email . com , sameboka @ uymail . com - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: schoolgirlish ang ruttish misses are waiting you ! we own more then 40 . 000 sole young hardcore photos and near 90 hrs of great quality video . click here  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketing toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: price caps - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vladimir gorny / hou / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tim belden 10 / 27 / 2000 05 : 40 pm to : john j lavorato / corp / enron , dave delainey , mike swerzbin / hou / ect @ ect , robert badeer / hou / ect @ ect , sean crandall / pdx / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , jeff richter / hou / ect @ ect , diana scholtes / hou / ect @ ect , tom alonso / pdx / ect @ ect , mark fischer / pdx / ect @ ect , john m forney / hou / ect @ ect , paul choi / sf / ect @ ect , john malowney / hou / ect @ ect , holli krebs / hou / ect @ ect , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect , stewart rosman / hou / ect @ ect , kim ward / hou / ect @ ect , debra davidson / pdx / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , lester rawson / pdx / ect @ ect , john zufferli / cal / ect @ ect , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , mary hain / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , dave parquet , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , monica lande / pdx / ect @ ect , elliot mainzer / pdx / ect @ ect , tim heizenrader / pdx / ect @ ect , cooper richey , stephen swain / pdx / ect @ ect , susan j mara / sfo / ees @ ees , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron cc : debra davidson / pdx / ect @ ect subject : price caps the following summarizes recent price cap events in california . i think that i have most of it right . if there is anything wrong or missing please let me know . please don ' t share the attached spreadsheet with anyone outside of enron . regards , tim new cap specifics on 10 / 26 / 2000 the iso board passed a motion by a vote of 13 - 10 to implement a new price cap methodology . the new methodology will become effective 11 / 3 / 2000 or as soon thereafter as can be implemented . caiso staff has indicated that it will be difficult to achieve that start date . they have not yet indicated what an achievable date might be . the new price cap methodology will remain in place until : comprehensive market changes have been implemented and the market has proven to be workably competitive under a variety of load conditions . either ferc or the iso board orders its removal . cap prices will be based on the average nymex l 3 d settlement average and the following heat rate table : load level heat rate 4 . 00 gas example cap 40 gw $ 250 / mwh $ 250 / mwh caps will be rounded up to the nearest $ 5 / mwh increment . demand bids and demand responsiveness programs are exempt from these caps . the iso will post the price caps for each load level at least 48 hours prior to the beginning of each calendar month . based on the iso ' s two day - ahead system load forecast , the iso will post hourly caps at least 24 hours prior to the hour of delivery . ferc context ferc has delegated cap authority to the caiso until 11 / 15 / 2000 . the iso has asserted that they don ' t need ferc authority since it is a bid cap rather than a sales cap . ferc regulates sales , not purchases , of electricity and therefore can regulate sales prices but not purchase prices . the iso has filed with ferc for an extension of the price cap authority . ferc has to rule on the filing by 11 / 18 / 2000 . ( note that this is 3 days after their authority expires ) ferc will release its proposed order on 11 / 1 / 2000 based on the results of its 206 investigation of the california wholesale power markets . we don ' t know what they will find or what they will propose . the proposed order will have a 30 day comment period , after which ferc will likely issue a final order . ferc will be accepting oral comments on 11 / 9 / 2000 in washington . enron still has to determine who will provide oral comments . many companies have filed at ferc advocating or opposing a litany of price caps , cost based rates , and market redesign recommendations . it is likely that the price caps approved by the iso board will go into effect . how long they will remain in effect will depend on whether ferc extends the iso price cap authority and whether the final order stemming from the current 206 investigation stipulates a specific price cap policy . impact of price caps the attached spreadsheet contains a table of likely maximum monthly prices at different gas price levels . we think that this is the highest that markets would clear since it assumes that each hour clears at the cap . it is hard to say whether actual prices would clear significantly lower than the cap because we don ' t know whether sellers will offer below the cap or at the cap . the assumptions behind our analysis are detailed in the bullets below . take actual historical loads from 1999 and 2000 . calculate implied price cap for each hour using actual historical load , new price cap methodology , and a range of gas prices . divide historical hours into peak and off - peak buckets . calculate average price for each month for peak hours and off - peak hours . for example , we have two years worth of data for the months of january through september . each month has approximately 400 hours . for january through september , we took approximately 800 observations for each month ( 400 from each year ) and calculated a simple average of all of the individual observations . we created a peak table and an off - peak table . the table shows the calculated implied cap based off of the acutal loads at varying gas prices for each month . this value represents what the month would clear at if each hour cleared at the cap ( based on historic loads ) . while any given hour could be above this value , our calculation estimates the likely monthly average cap value ! the blue shading indicates what the caps would be given current ( 10 / 27 / 2000 nymex ) forward prices . the yellow shading indicates those forward power prices which are in excess of the proposed cap . 
2	Subject: drift allocation update the following is a status update regarding the agreed upon decision to allocate drift to the business units on april 26 , 2001 : a methodology and systems reporting have been developed and an analysis prepared for the period jan 2001 - april 2001 . during may , discussions were held with each of the business units regarding the methodolgy which applies to all business units and the analysis of results for jan - april . a request was made to begin the drift allocation process from april 2001 . during this week , we are meeting with the business units to review april and may numbers and processes . we are expecting to allocate april and may to the individual business unit ' s drift lines next week . june numbers will be accumulated on the dpr in an intra - month allocated drift line and allocated on the last business day ' s dpr to the business unit . please do not hesitate to call me , 3 - 3210 , or the representatives of your business unit , if you require additional information . sheila 
2	Subject: texas general darren , we are not able to find out july deal for tglo in the system . can you look to see if you have a deal number for this month ? thank you joy 
2	Subject: re : september 11 , 2001 hi my name is jason , i recently visited www . muhajabah . com / wtc . htm and wanted to offer my services . we could help you with your september 11 , 2001 website . we create websites that mean business for you ! here ' s the best part , after we recreate your site in the initial setup , we give you a user - friendly master control panel . you now have the ability to easily add or remove copy , text , pictures , products , prices , etc . when you want to ! i would be happy to contact you and brainstorm some ideas . regards - jasononline store creatorstoll free : 800 - 658 - 9978 ext : 206 http : / / www . . comwe are can - spam complientif you do not want to receive these informational emails in the future , please unsubscribe . 
2	Subject: re : subscriptions stephanie , please , discontinue credit and renew the two other publications : energy & power risk management and the journal of computational finance . enron north america corp . from : stephanie e taylor 12 / 12 / 2000 01 : 43 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : subscriptions dear vince , we will be happy to renew your subscription to risk . in addition , the following publications are up for renewal : reg . subscription cost with corp . discount credit $ 1145 . 00 $ 973 . 25 energy & power risk management $ 375 . 00 $ 318 . 75 the journal of computational finance $ 291 . 75 $ 247 . 99 if you wish to renew these , we will also take care of this for you . i would appreciate your responding by december 18 th . please include your company and cost center numbers with your renewal . thank you , stephanie e . taylor esource 713 - 345 - 7928 
2	Subject: video conference with ross mcintyre vince , you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the vc location for the conference call tomorrow . it is schedule for 4 : 30 pm uk time ( 10 : 30 am houston time ) ross ' s background is from investment banking ex dresner bank , he has a phd in mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools which they have been marketing to end - users with weather risks . the attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication . regards nick mooney - mcs . doc - analytic . doc - par . doc 
2	Subject: cialis soft tabs - super viagra hello , try this revolutionary product , cialis soft tabs . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription needed . you can get it at : http : / / connoting . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / connoting . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: pg & e cash report here ' s the re - formatted pg & e cash report . let me know if you have any questions are updates . thank you , julissa marron 
2	Subject: request for netco transmission contract on georgia transmission ( gtc ) gtc personnel told us that netco will not be able to obtain transmission on gtc until epmi ' s bill is paid . we will address this issue further with gtc after a formal submission of a transmission request from netco . valid or not , this could delay implementation of transmission on gtc . 
2	Subject: f . o . m . hpl nom . eff . may 1 , 2001 - dickinson fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 10 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 04 / 30 / 2001 09 : 06 : 14 am to : " bob cotten ( e - mail ) " cc : stretch brennan subject : f . o . m . hpl nom . eff . may 1 , 2001 - dickinson this is the estimated dickinson nomination for the month of may 2001 . the hpl nomination volume to be effective 5 / 1 / 2001 is : 600 mmbtu / day for kcs resources ( 8 / 8 ths ) _ _ _ _ _ 600 mmbtu / day total ( assumed btu factor of 1 . 083 @ 14 . 65 dry ) if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . this is the transaction for which kcs has a " buy / sell " in place with hpl ; therefore , this " production point " nomination needs to trigger an " mirrored " nomination at the redelivery point ( currently at riverside ) . bob withers > < kcs energy , inc . 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice 713 - 964 - 9434 fax 713 - 877 - 1394 
2	Subject: neon lesson # 5 here is your next lesson . . . have fun ! ! - experiencing god week 5 . doc 
2	Subject: final communication materials we have a deal ! attached are the final communication materials . the only changes are the addition of legend language at the end of the external q & a , employee email , messages and talking points , and a change in one question in the external and internal q & a ( q : when will the 10 q be filed ? a : it is scheduled to be filed on november 14 . ) please forward these materials to your direct reports as briefing materials for floor / staff meetings . we will run the etv ad notifying employees to check their email for an important video message through the weekend and monday morning . call me if you have any questions . thank you all for your assistance in communicating these messages with employees . karen x 39757 attachments : - - press release , issued by dynegy and posted on www . enron . com in the press room - - timeline for communication rollout - - key messages for use with internal and external audiences - - talking points for use with employees - - email to employees w / link to q & as - - video script ( to be viewed by employees on the intranet : upfront ! ) - - external q & a for use with the media and external audiences - - internal q & a for background use in meetings with employees - - intranet q & a posted on the web for employees 
2	Subject: good day dear friend , you may be surprised to receive my letter , however , i got your contact from the chamber of commerce and trade . i have decided to contact you for confidential , urgent and rewarding joint business . my name is mr . martins bemki i was a personal assistant to the late congo president , laurent kabila , who was assasinated in february and my aim of writing to you is because of the need for a trusted and honest person , who i can entrust the sum of us $ 32 , 800 , 000 ( thirty two million , eight hundred thousand usdollars ) . source of the money : i and the late president secured this money in a security firm in europe , in my name before his death . now i can not travel out of south africa , where i am on asylum , hence i am asking for your assistance to have this money in your care pending when i will secure travel documents to come ove ! r to your country . if you accept this offer we shall share the money as follows : for you , 25 % , 75 % for me . i have all the title documents to the fund which i can transfer to you to enable you have assess to it . be assured that is risk - free and legitimate . please advise me on your position by e - mail immediately , please i await your prompt reply . martins bemkiplease reply for reason . . . . . . mrs _ bemkimartin @ yahoo . comverschicken sie romantische , coole und witzige bilder per sms ! jetzt bei web . de freemail : http : / / f . web . de / ? mc  021193 
2	Subject: company priority list louise , i have received a copy of a priority list which you had forwarded to credit . this list is very similar to the top 50 gas and top 50 power lists which we put together with commercial - there are only a handful of companies different . credit are asking for a prioritised list which has the specific legal names with whom we wish to trade . the top 50 lists already have the specific legal name . we will add the specific legal name for the handful of companies which were on your list and not on ours , and forward to credit . dave 
2	Subject: gestores de credito y cobranzas ui obtenga las herramientas para resolver . . . problemas con cr?dito y cobranza . . ! curso - taller formaci?n de gestores de cr?dito y cobranza capacitacion especializada : m?rida , yucat?n . introducci?n capacitar al personal encargado del departamento de cr?dito y cobranza en los aspectos administrativos de control , resguardo y seguimiento de la cobranza . objetivo : el participante reafirmar? los conocimientos necesarios para efectuar una cobranza efectiva , mejorando la relaci?n cliente - cobrador y empleado - gerencia ; que lo llevar? a lograr una administraci?n mas ?gil y eficaz al detectar de una manera m?s pronta los problemas que originan la cartera vencida . dirigido a : auxiliares , supervisores , secretarias , analistas , gestores , sub - gerentes y personal operativo . presentado por el : lic . juan manuel l?pez vitela  19 de febrero de 2005 m?rida , yucat?n . horario : 08 : 00 a 13 : 00 13 : 00 a 14 : 00 - receso 14 : 00 a 17 : 00 incluye : coffee break manual de trabajo material de apoyo pr?ctica interactiva con el instructor reconocimiento sede : hotel holiday inn informes en m?rida : ( 999 ) 941 93 88 lada sin costo : 01 800 543 32 30 ? s? requiere el temario y costo de click aqu? . . ! le pedimos disculpa si esta informaci?n le causa molestia . si no desea recibir esta informaci?n por favor env?enos un correo comunic?ndonos su decisi?n de click aqu?  
2	Subject:  this week only : f . ree gen . erlc vlag . ra cover the shipping , and we ' ll send youour product at no cost to prove its effectiveness . won ' t last . . . hurry stop promos .  
2	Subject: ffree unlimited cable movies tnvevj introducing 2005 digital cable filters equipped with latest pass - through technology video bypass chip . guarantee to work with all digital cable receivers . . or your moneeys back ! - enjoy free pay - per - view channels - adult channels - on demand channels and lots more ! http : / / www . 1 clickgreat . info re movress below : http : / / www . 1 clickgreat . info / r 9 ug 6 t  
2	Subject: re : ww , the coat rack free cable % rnd _ syb tv ratiocinate screwdriver huck alps synthesis wasp enemy railroad cheerlead contest saint perpetuate canker congregate cessna pusan fitchburg yarn brandish loire taunt cervix ascetic sloganeer mercuric linus bodice pivot sclerotic anther repression copperfield avowal  
2	Subject: gsm , sim card reader / storage mobile - gsm usb sim card readers $ 17 . 50 $ 36 . 00 mobile - super gsm usb reader for sim cards sim backup 168 16 kb memory storage device sim card readersim card manager , you can easily create , edit , and backup phonebook entries using your pc and stop typing in information using the mobile phone ' s keypad . view all information from your gsm / pcs sim card . manage your pin codes , transfer data from one sim to another , backup and export / import all phonebook entries . compose sms messages on a pc save them on sim cards to send . sim backup 168 storage devicebackup your sim data with the sim backup 168 storage device ! it features a 16 kb internal memory , tn lcd screen , and compatible with gsm mobile phone sim cards . if your loose your phone or change providers , you don ' t need to key in your address book again . simply insert a new sim card and restore your data . save time and your data with the sim backup 168 storage device ! no pda or pc required . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: correction to 4 / 5 / 00 nominations for eastrans and nomination for 4 / 6 / 00 beginning 2 : 00 pm on 4 / 5 / 00 nomination : deliveries : 0 mmbtu into eastrans redeliveries : 0 mmbtu for 4 / 6 / 00 , the nomination is as follows : deliveries : 0 mmbtu into eastrans redeliveries : 0 mmbtu 
2	Subject: fw : cancellation of the master tasking letter fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : coleman , mike sent : 13 september 2001 09 : 51 to : dodson , keith ; stanley , brian cc : duran , w . david ; jacoby , ben ; irvin , steve ; kroll , heather ; virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; morris , sandy ; golden , bruce ; rose , steven ; chmielewski , robert ; rimbau , robert w . ; coffer , walter ; austin , terri ; booth , eric ; newlin , ross ; garrison , john ; aboudaher , omar ; williams , dan e . ; gordon , d ' ann subject : cancellation of the master tasking letter keith and brian , ena management has declined to approve extention of the master tasking letter . the result of this is that no funding is approved for any work by eos other than by the few specific tasking letters that have been approved for specific tasks . as of tomorrow , 15 september , the mtl will be closed and no further charges will be accepted against this charge number . going forward , no charges for eos or other services outside ena will be authorized except those approved under a signed tasking letter specific to the relevant project . no tasking letter will be issues for approval until the responsible ena developer / originator establishes an ena charge number against which charges applied to a tasking letter can be charged . we will attempt to schedule a meeting next week to wrap up costs and review any on - going critical needs . in the meantime , inform any of your staff charging to the mtl that this charge number is closed after tomorrow . thanks ! mike 
2	Subject: class attendance : derivatives i - applied energy derivatives congratulations ! you have completed derivatives i - applied energy derivatives . your attendance in this class has been recorded on your transcript in the development center database . $ 800 has been charged to your company and rc . thank you for participating in this employee development activity . we look forward to seeing you again soon . 
2	Subject: important information about your house your [ m ] ortgage application was received yesterday and approved . you are eligible for a $ 700 , 000 loan and a 2 . 6 % fixed rate . please complete the form to process your application : http : / / lendingfor . com / ? partid  aaks 9 regards , mollison networks not interested  
2	Subject: hello bevstarl 0 dear bevstarl 0 , rape sex ! click here do you like sexy animals doing the wild thing ? we have the super hot content on the internet ! this is the site you have heard about . rated the number one adult site three years in a row ! - thousands of pics from hardcore fucking , and cum shots to pet on girl . - thousands videos so what are you waiting for ? click here you must be at least 18 to enter ! to not be on our in house address database click here and you will eliminated from future mailings . [ : kj ) _ 8 j 7 b ] 
2	Subject: fw : keep it under wraps , but this one works a treat ! 25031 thank you , your email address was obtained from a purchased list , reference # 1580 - 17600 . if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here and enter your name into the remove box . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our abuse control center , or call 1 - 888 - 763 - 2497 , or write us at : nospam , 6484 coral way , miami , fl , 33155 " . 2002 web credit inc . all rights reserved . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: tenaska iv 6 / 01 darren : please change the demand fee on deal 384258 for june 2001 from $ 3 , 578 , 257 . 50 to $ 3 , 559 , 472 . 93 . our transport expenses went down . we are having some volume problems with this month , so we may need to change it again . i ' m trying to keep kyle lilly and jim pond happy on the gl side . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: re : mpr for 6 / 20 / 00 ted , question 1 ) the investments in calme and apachi are booked on an accrual basis . i have had several meetings with commercial and accounting representatives over the last year and all have stated that any earnings are effectively reinvested back into the assets . therefore , the market values that are reflected on the mpr are actually book values . the book values are typically adjusted the last week of the month and are 1 month behind as the internation groups wait until the gl is closed before communicating the updated values . question 2 ) thanks for the heads - up on india . i spoke with sheila glover and we are now aware of the details behind rediff . com . we need to ensure that these positions are not accounted for on the dpr by india so that we do not double - report the p & l . the long - term solution is to establish a communication line for future investments . between sheila , donna lowry , and i we can develop a plan . question 3 ) the 3 bonds that you are referencing were purchased by jeff kinneman for jim easter . during our last conversation , jim told jeff that these are strategic investments and should not be reflected on the mpr . there is still some uncertainty / confusion as to when an investment is classified as merchant . we could insist that all publically traded investments not included in the equity books would qualify . having said that , i would like to know if the gas authority of india , ltd ( gail ) and europe ' s investment in mg are considered to be merchant investments . i will be on vacation this friday and all of next week so please include david maxwell on any responses . david and i will stay in touch so as to make adjustments as needed . thanks , todd from : ted murphy 06 / 22 / 2000 03 : 07 pm to : d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy subject : re : mpr for 6 / 20 / 00 mr . hall , i have just reviewed the merchant portfolio summary for 6 / 20 and have the following questions : 1 ) calme shows an asset of $ 291 . 9 mm and apachi shows an asset of $ 113 . 0 mm and they show no p & l for the year is this possible in a world of changing interest rates and equity premiums and commodity prices ? 2 ) india recently invested in an ipo ( rediff . com ) for which there was a simultaneous dash to buy and sell ( sounds like a merchant deal ) . where does this show up ? 3 ) there are several bonds ( publicly traded , registrered securities , housed in our prime broker accounts ) owned by various enron entities that i do not believe are on the dpr . shouldn ' t they be ? and if so , who is deciding not to include ? pls advise at your earliest convenience as you always do . thanks ted from : d todd hall 06 / 21 / 2000 01 : 16 pm to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , carol jean marshall / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , monica reasoner / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , adarsh vakharia / hou / ect @ ect , joseph w sutton @ enron , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , maria lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , thomas myers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : mpr for 6 / 20 / 00 
2	Subject: tw ios posting privileged & confidential i ' ve a couple of suggestions here . first , given the excruciating experience we had last time with one - tenth increments , should we consider two - tenths ( i ' d like to use 1 / 4 cent increments but we ' re limited to 3 decimal places ) ? secondly , i ' ve tried to respond with a language fix for paragraph 5 consistent with your concern of how to handle alternate rights . finally , i ' ve done a little tinkering with the terms sheet . ya ' ll are free to do with these what you will . from : susan scott 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 21 am to : christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron cc : jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : tw ios posting privileged & confidential christine , see the attached . i ' ve changed paragraph 8 to be like our last posting , and added in a sentence saying ties will be decided by lottery ( but omitted reference to the lottery provisions of our tariff this time ) . my only other comment is that i think the group needs to discuss beforehand how a shipper ' s request for alternate points is going to be treated . as currently drafted , this notice prohibits shippers from conditioning bids on use of alternate points at the bid rate , which calls into question our granting the winning bidder use of alternate points at a discount . if we do intend to let the winning bidder shippers use alt . points at a discounted rate , we should take this statement out ( end of paragraph 5 ) . if we ' re still living in a max . rate world , though , this really is not much of a concern since use of the alternate points would also be at max . rate . any questions - - give me a call . s . christine stokes 08 / 03 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : tw ios posting susan , please review the following ios posting . thanks . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for january 25 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 26 . xls ) - hplnol 26 . xls 
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group marshall : thanks for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following interview : wednesday , december 6 - 1 : 00 pm houston time . it will last approximately 1 hour . we will call you at ( 605 ) 497 - 4045 unless otherwise instructed . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 713 / 853 - 5290 . best regards , shirley crenshaw " jingming ' marshall ' yan " on 11 / 28 / 2000 12 : 59 : 55 pm to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group ms . crenshaw , thank you very much for the message . i am very interested in the opportunity to talk to personnel from the research group at enron . between the two days you suggest , i prefer wednesday 12 / 6 . considering the two - hour time difference between california and texas , 11 : 00 am pacific time ( 1 : 00 pm your time ) seems to be a good slot . however , i am open most of the day on 12 / 6 so if some other time slot is prefered on your end , please let me know . thanks again . i look forward to talking to you and your colleagues . jingming on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > good afternoon jingming : > > professor wolak forwarded your resume to the research group , and > they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you , sometime next > week , at your convenience . the best days would be tuesday , 12 / 5 or > wednesday , 12 / 6 . > > please let me know which day and what time would be best for you and > they will call you . let me know the telephone number that you wish to be > contacted at . > > the interviewers would be : > > vince kaminski managing director and head of research > vasant shanbhogue vice president , research > lance cunningham manager , research > alex huang manager , research > > look forward to hearing from you . > > best regards , > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research group . > 713 - 853 - 5290 > > > jingming " marshall " yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h ) stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o ) stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is there to repine about ? - - confucius _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ? 
2	Subject: energy ops showstopper status report - 6 / 29 / 00 attached is an updated file summarizing the action plan for completing energy op ' s showstopper reports . if you are responsible for an action item , please keep me updated on your progress so that i can reflect it in the report properly . thanks in advance for your help . let me know if you have any questions . thanks , rainier 
2	Subject: organization announcement given the growth in ees it has become apparent that it is time to consolidate the risk functions between ees and ews . this will provide ees with the systems , resources and risk expertise of the wholesale energy groups necessary for it to continue to grow and take advantage of current market opportunities . with this in mind and in agreement with the management of ees , two new risk groups inside enron americas will be formed to provide ees with pricing , structuring , retail and wholesale commodity risk management , logistics and back - office services . these groups main function is to provide these services to ees . we have asked rogers herndon , currently vice president - trading in the eastern power group to manage this function in the eastern interconnect ( this includes both gas and power ) . rogers will continue to report to kevin presto . we have asked don black , formerly vice president - ees risk management and sourcing , to manage this function in the western u . s . don will manage this group from houston and will report to tim belden . these groups will work very closely with ees to pursue shared goals while ensuring close coordination with the wholesale gas and power trading organizations . these changes are effective immediately . please congratulate rogers and don on their new roles . john lavorato & louise kitchen 
2	Subject: honest family oriented home based business with residual income on the net . get involved ! anvx - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - note : your e - mail address was added to a database by you . i am sending my advertisement to this database and , if you are not interested in receiving ads similar to mine , it would be in your best interest to click the below link and opt - out of our mailings by simply adding your address to our globalblock list . your e - mail address will not be sold , validated or used in other mailings , as it belongs to you and only you , we respect that ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . > for your free membership , click this link : be sure to include your first and last name in the body of the leter or to be removed from my mailing list , click this link : is this what you ' re looking for . . . 1 . do : want to work from home ? 2 . do : want to build yourself an income you can be proud of ? 3 . do : want to be able to tell your friends and family about what you ' re doing . . . instead of keeping it a secret so they don ' t laugh ( i ' ve been there , i know ) ? 4 . do : want to be able to produce a copy of your check to any one interested b in this business ? 5 . do : want to have a monthly income which can be passed on when your time is up ? 6 . do : want to be in a team business which gives you the chance to help other people and get paid for it ? 7 . not : want to be scammed ? 8 . not : want to spend all your time recruiting ? 9 . not : want to talk to people on the phone ? 10 . not : wanting to be involved with a " get rich quick " program ? please , do yourself a favor and check this out . it ' s absolutely free to get more information and you may cancel at any time ! . . . . . . . > for your free membership , click this link : be sure to include your first and last name in the body of the leter or to be removed from my mailing list , click this link : it does not matter where you live ! this is an international business with people all over the world ( over 160 different countries involved ) ! join our team and you will succeed ! we have the people , the knowledge and the ability to guide you . . . step by step . . . to a profitable business . i am not going to hype you up with stuff trying to get you involved . in fact , if you think you ' re going to make money overnight with this , please do not click on the link . simply remove yourself from this list ( instructions below ) . the difference between this online business and an offline business is that the tools you need for proven success . . . are given to you for free after you decide to create your own successful business ! to verify what i ' m saying , ask any local business person if they were given the tools they needed to make their business the success it is , for free when they started out . they ' ll laugh at the question ! you do not need . . . 1 . a small fortune to get started . 2 . a lot of " business knowledge " or " business contacts " to get started . 3 . to commute anywhere , talk to anyone or buy any items to get started . everyday hundreds of people join for free and get the free information theyneed to succeed . when they see that they too can make money with this business , they get involved . there are already over 2 million people who have joined for free to check things out . this business has been thriving for over five years ! do you have . . . a . an internet connection . b . one or two hours a day to build your business . c . the ability to ask and receive all the help you need to succeed . d . the drive to succeed . e . the need for extra income each and every month . then you too can make more money for you and your family and you too can run your own profitable business ! this is probably the only business in the world where you personally reap all the rewards from your personal efforts and not those above you getting it instead of you ( i . e . your boss ) . i want to help you to make money on the ' net as part of our successful t . e . a . m . you owe it to yourself to at least look . click on the link below . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . > for your free membership , click this link : be sure to include your first and last name in the body of the leter or to be removed from my mailing list , click this link : thank you very much for your precious time ! sincerely , d . woodward mailto : teamsucc be sure to include your first and last name in the body of the leter to be removed from this mailing list , please click this link : mailto : teamsuccessrequest @ yahoo . com and reply with " remove " in the subject line .  
2	Subject: re : interview with the enron research group - reply mark : while we are anxious to fill this position , we certainly understand scheduling conflicts ! please let us know as soon as you have a definate time . dr . kaminski will be out of the office the next two weeks also . maybe the week of the 30 th or the 6 th of november ? look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw mark . giancola @ do . treas . gov on 10 / 13 / 2000 08 : 47 : 57 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : interview with the enron research group - reply date : 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 42 am ( friday ) from : mark giancola to : ex . mail ( " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " ) subject : interview with the enron research group - reply thanks for your message . our e - mail system was down all day yesterday so i was not able to respond until today . i am very interested in coming in for an interview . unfortunately , my schedule will make traveling on a weekday difficult for at least the next two weeks . i am travelling as part of the us delegation to the g - 20 on the 24 th and 25 th and will be busy until then in preparation . immediately following that trip i will be moving to a new office here in treasury and am not sure about my schedule . i would like to wait until next week when i have a better idea of my schedule to propose times to come to houston . please let me know if there are time constraints on your side . thanks , mark giancola > > > ex . mail . " shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " 10 / 12 / 00 09 : 06 am > > > good morning mr . giancola : your resume was forwarded to vince kaminski , managing director and head of research with enron . we would like to bring you in for an informal interview at your convenience . this would be for a position of " economist " or " associate economist " , reporting to maureen raymond castaneda . please give me some dates and times that would be convenient with you and i will have our hr rep contact you to schedule your coming to houston . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 
2	Subject: re : have we totally lost the plot ? my two cents . . . . i viewed the goal of the management committee as three - fold 1 . measure management skill 2 . ensure people with superior mgmt skills are appropriately recognized . 3 . ensure best talent ( however defined ) are retained and have mgmt skills nurtured . to expand on ( 1 ) , ask the questions : ( a ) what attributes characterize a good manager ? from louise ' s list , i would vote for internal alliances and experience . ( b ) how can these be quantified , if at all ? to expand on ( 2 ) , identify promotion / other opportunities for such people . the last powerpoint slide is complementing all the discussions so far , but definite goals for the committee were not clear to me - - - do we need to expand on the points on the slide ( i . e . why enron is ahead of other companies , etc . ) ? will we now focus on meritocracy in general and not so much on management itself ? thanks , vasant - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 2 : 20 pm to : mrha , jean ; corman , shelley ; shanbhogue , vasant ; lewis , richard ; kimberly , kelly ; adams , gregory t . subject : have we totally lost the plot ? jean and i have had a little meeting following a rather interesting 10 minute conversation i had with senior management in enron . suffice to say we have gone in a different direction and thought that we would float out the following concept for you and then we can get together to discuss next week . the work we did in out last meeting is still live . essentially we are homing in on the one issue of meritocracy and hoping that we are able to make an impact on the organization in relation to this issue . let ' s discuss next week . louise > louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: the pulse we would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who took the time to respond to the pulse survey conducted in october . your feedback is very much appreciated . the survey helps identify inhibitors that keep you from accomplishing your job , while helping us assess the company  , s progress toward removing barriers that keep employees from achieving their personal best . out of the 2 , 299 ena / egm / eim employees invited to participate in the survey , 1 , 478 , or 64 % responded . enron uses an outside firm , watson wyatt , to tabulate data and report results . a synopsis of what we heard from you has been added to our intranet site . the site address is http : / / home . ena . enron . com / pulse / . our strengths strengths are based on the highest percentages of favorable responses to survey questions : * employees are satisfied with their benefits 87 % * employees can believe information from top management 78 % * employees would recommend ena / egm / eim as a good place to work 78 % * supervisors / managers treat their employees fairly 76 % * supervisors / managers encourage teamwork 73 % * people are treated with respect 72 % * ena / egm / eim is well managed 72 % improvement opportunities improvement opportunities are based on the lowest percentages of favorable responses to survey questions : * communication / information flow 35 % * information technology 32 % * workload 26 % we are pleased with these results because they exhibit a strong belief in enron  , s core values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . these results are indicative of the quality of our employees at all levels . the pulse survey enables us to focus on real issues affecting each employee . we will evaluate these results and consider remedies to the inhibitors that affect us on a daily basis . your ideas are welcomed and we will be seeking your input . great strides have been made since the first survey in 1996 , and we intend to continue in this vein . please plan to take part in future surveys , which will continue providing valuable information to help build a successful organization . again , thank you for your input . 
2	Subject: re : coastal oil & gas usa , l . p . gas gathering agreement from : jackie morgan @ ect 04 / 13 / 2000 04 : 38 pm to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , irene flynn / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas usa , l . p . gas gathering agreement the above referenced contract has been set up in global as a point specific , intrastate transportation agreement . the contract number is 98037831 . the effective date is april 1 , 2000 . the transaction agreement is noted in the processing agreement under 96016936 . let me know if you have any questions . jackie 
2	Subject: cera conference call - tuesday , january 25 , 2000 kari : please enroll vince kaminski , enron corp . for the conference call to be held on tuesday , january 25 at 4 : 00 pm eastern time . information requested : name : vince kaminski company : enron corp . telephone # : 713 - 853 - 3848 he will call in 10 - 15 minutes prior to the conference call . please confirm his registration . thanks and have a great day ! shirley crenshaw 713 - 853 - 5290 
2	Subject: free software ! games , movie , mp 3 , more free now ! ! ! blwe my free media sofware link enjoy , jim - - - > click here to go to the site personal quote : all for one and one for all . this is not a spam email . this email was sent to you because your email was entered in on a website requesting to be a registered subscriber . click here to cancel your account and you will never receive another email from us ! please add remove in the subject line .  
2	Subject: legal operating systems for a third of the price catenate sneermullion conscientious damanonymous native dwightshari ira recruittimeshare precise ferrise ' s blink minimumbimonthly trilogy lacrossedrown kirchner resuscitateferry baffle bogycluck bamberger bangkokamherst amos mazeligand propaganda corpsmenfibrosis lutheran trayerrand cringe discerncabdriver middle tedinburgh barter clydesaloonkeeper battalion druggingdefunct delphine officeconstantinople elmsford eduardobaritone rampart legateepreface abstract christinacoexist clipboard suctionmaudlin egg betrayeraustria bundestag automatel specify substantiveplucky shirk diceafield eloise chromosome ethandeposit carouse mountaineer prosecutionbuyer extrude ironydarius puccini magnesiaprotectorate node dreadtrailhead prefix gloomyalphonse cosmopolitan annulemaciate equip combinationballard asplenium archdioceseshmuel children squanderelement 
2	Subject: re : january 11 - managing operational risk i guess you know i am here in london this week wrapping up - - wish i could be there for this meeting . are you still coming next week ? it would be good to get together . let me know - - i will try to call this afternoon beth enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 05 / 01 / 2001 23 : 57 to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , robert superty / hou / ect , diane h cook / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , george f smith / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , tricia spence / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , greg couch / hou / ect @ ect , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly s olinger / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , william kelly / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , kim s theriot / hou / ect @ ect , larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca ford / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , melissa k ratnala / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , thresa a allen / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect , jenny latham / hou / ect @ ect , monica lande / pdx / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , david maxwell / hou / ect @ ect , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect , lisa lees / hou / ect @ ect , robert b cass / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect , frank l davis / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , bill d hare / hou / ect @ ect , mary g gosnell / hou / ect @ ect , carolyn gilley / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , joel henenberg / na / enron @ enron , vanessa schulte / corp / enron , connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , richard c mckeel / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , mike perun / na / enron @ enron , eric groves / hou / ect @ ect , noor kaissi / na / enron @ enron , theresa t brogan / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , laurel adams / hou / ect @ ect , jorge a garcia / na / enron @ enron , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , michelle bruce / hou / ect @ ect , mark j leskowitz / hou / ect @ ect , mark fondren / hou / ect @ ect , karen snow / hou / ect @ ect , michelle thomason / na / enron @ enron , bradley samuelson / na / enron @ enron , sony wilson / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , john jacobsen / hou / ect @ ect , roy lipsett / hou / ect @ ect , nancy hernandez / na / enron @ enron , christy lobusch / na / enron @ enron , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect ( bcc : beth apollo / lon / ect ) subject : january 11 - managing operational risk please join me on thursday , january 11 from 1 : 00 to 4 : 00 pm for a special information session for the operations management teams supporting enron americas , enron global markets and enron industrial markets . we will focus on assessing , managing and mitigating operational risk . details on the location for the meeting will be sent to you early next week . i look forward to seeing everyone at this meeting on the 11 th . the things that we will discuss will be important for each and every one of you as you carry out your roles in 2001 . i hope that you will make every effort to attend . please let me know as soon as possible if you have a conflict that will keep you from attending the meeting . 
2	Subject: rate for tenaska deal daren , when we met regarding the rate for the tenaska gas management agreement , you guys mentioned that it would be tied to an index - - could you restate for me how that is to work - - it will start out 4 cents per mmbtu based on the greater of the volumes nominated through the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . then the fee will vary month to month ? year to year ? based on what index ? thanks , sandi 
2	Subject: calpine force majeure attached is a summary of the days calpine has claimed force majeure beginning 7 / 1 / 99 . the file is located in the 99 calpine directory under logistics if you wish to make changes . i left cells blank where i could not locate the information . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , kris 
2	Subject: get xanax , valmum to your door step - no previous prescription necessary please take me off your special offer list  
2	Subject: bigger , fuller breasts naturally in just weeks ! uqouq for women ages 13 to 60 plus . . . . as seen on tv . . . . safely make your breasts bigger and fuller in the privacy of your own home . guaranteed quick results click here for full report mcskjfirglkckubuvfiwwp - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: enron mentions the rise and fall of enron the new york times - 11 / 02 / 01 the enron debacle business week - 11 / 02 / 01 derivatives danger ? business week - 11 / 02 / 01 commentary : enron ' s clout won ' t sway the sec business week - 11 / 02 / 01 afl - cio , amalgamated bank call on enron to redirect the mission of newly created special committee : outside directors must adopt independent role pr newswire - 11 / 02 / 01 williams ceo sees validation of co ' s bandwidth model dow jones energy service - 11 / 02 / 01 usa : enron shares plunge after s section a the rise and fall of enron 11 / 02 / 2001 the new york times page 24 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company earlier this year , most companies would have loved to have enron ' s problems . californians resented the energy trading company ' s huge profits during their energy crisis , and democrats in washington raised questions about enron ' s influence within the white house and about the cozy relationship between enron ' s chairman , kenneth lay , and vice president dick cheney . nobody seemed better positioned to thrive during the bush presidency than this houston - based apostle of deregulation . wall street was impressed with enron ' s strategy of swooping into formerly regulated markets to broker contracts for natural gas , electricity or unused telecom bandwidth . the company was celebrated as a paragon of american ingenuity , a stodgy gas pipeline company that had reinvented itself as a high - tech clearinghouse in an ever - expanding roster of markets . enron ' s push to force utilities into the internet age with its online trading systems , at a seemingly handsome profit , became an epic tale of the dot - com revolution . it now appears that enron ' s tale may be more cautionary than epic . enron envy has crashed , along with the company ' s stock price , as serious questions emerge about its bookkeeping . enron disclosed earlier this month that $ 1 . 2 billion in market value had vanished as a result of a controversial deal it entered into with private partnerships run by its chief financial officer , andrew fastow . most alarming was enron ' s reluctance to shed light on management ' s wheeling and dealing . ' ' related - party transactions , ' ' as the accountants call them , are fraught with conflicts of interest . though much remains to be learned about these transactions , their scope and lack of transparency suggest that enron may have in effect created its own private hedge fund to assume some of the risk and mask the losses of its complex trading . the extent to which company insiders profited from the partnerships is not yet clear . enron has scrambled to dampen wall street ' s concerns , acknowledging its credibility problem while insisting on the health of its core businesses . on wednesday it brought in william powers , the dean of the university of texas school of law , to review the transactions . the securities and exchange commission has launched its own formal investigation . mr . fastow was forced to resign , following jeffrey skilling , the man credited with driving enron into new cutting - edge businesses , out the door . enron ' s former admirers on wall street , mindful of recent scandals involving high - profile companies doctoring their earnings , and of the spectacular collapse of the long - term capital management hedge fund in 1998 , are alarmed . carole coale of prudential securities summed up the prevailing sentiment when she told the times : ' ' the bottom line is , it ' s really difficult to recommend an investment when management does not disclose facts . ' ' analysts , as well as the media , are not entirely blameless . enron did mention , albeit in passing , the troubling related - party deals as early as march 2000 . but few analysts bothered to raise questions at a time when the company ' s revenues , profits and stock price were soaring . harvey pitt , the new securities and exchange commissioner , must pursue the enron inquiry aggressively in order to assure investors that he will be as vigilant as his predecessor , arthur levitt , when it comes to protecting the integrity of financial markets . indeed , even if enron is cleared of any wrongdoing and regains some of its past luster , as it well might , the company that preaches the merits of self - regulating marketplaces has reminded us all of the need for a strong regulator on wall street . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . november 12 , 2001 finance business week the enron debacle byzantine deals have shattered the energy outfit ' s credibility executives at high - flying enron corp . ( ene ) never seemed overly concerned with how the rest of the world viewed their business practices . earlier this year , the california attorney general had to get a court order to collect documents in an industrywide investigation into energy price fixing . and when an analyst challenged former ceo jeffrey k . skilling in a conference call to produce enron ' s balance sheet , skilling called him an " ass - - - - . " still , even some enron executives worried that the company had gone too far with two complex partnerships set up in 1999 to buy company assets and hedge investments . with enron ' s then - chief financial officer acting as general manager of the partnerships and in a position to personally benefit from their investments , the potential for a conflict of interest and backlash from investors seemed overwhelming . " internally , everybody said this is not a good idea , " says a source close to the company . but no one could have predicted such a jaw - dropping outcome for the nation ' s largest and most innovative energy trader . since oct . 16 , when enron revealed a $ 35 million charge to earnings to reflect losses on those partnerships and was forced to knock $ 1 . 2 billion off its shareholders ' equity , the company ' s stock has plunged 60 % . the securities its highly ballyhooed business for trading high - speed communications capacity was crippled by the telecom industry meltdown ; and its calamitous foray into the water business with azurix corp . has already cost enron at least $ 574 million in write - offs . these bad bets and the expensive ljm shock have investors worried about what else might be lurking at enron . many aren ' t sticking around to find out . " i think the lack of disclosure on their financial engineering killed the credibility of the management team , " says richard a . giesen , who manages the munder power plus fund , which dumped its enron shares about a month ago . it ' s not clear just how many off - balance - sheet financing vehicles enron has used over time . some were created years ago to finance oil and gas producers . analysts and sources close to the deals say there ' s no particular risk in these to enron shareholders . other interconnected entities , such as whitewing , osprey , atlantic water trust , and marlin water trust , were a way to get assets no longer central to enron ' s strategy off its balance sheet , freeing capital and credit for the core energy business and ventures like broadband ( table ) . to entice institutional investors such as pension funds and insurers into these deals , enron promised to kick in equity if asset sales weren ' t enough to cover debt . such " mandatory equity " deals have been used by at least a half - dozen others in the energy and telecom industries , including el paso ( epg ) , williams , and dominion , says standard & poor ' s director todd a . shipman . " nobody ' s going to find anything that ' s particularly unique or below board " in such deals , says one investment banker specializing in the energy business . worst case , which shipman considers unlikely , enron could be on the hook for about $ 3 billion in its mandatory - equity deals . that could mean diluting its shares by more than 25 % at today ' s prices . analyst john e . olson at sanders morris harris inc . ( smhg ) figures a 9 % dilution is more likely . even if this $ 3 billion in debt were included on enron ' s balance sheet now , the debt - to - capital ratio would climb to 54 % from about 49 % at the end of june . such a change would pressure enron ' s credit rating but not push it below investment grade , says shipman . huge hit . fastow ' s ljm , a private equity fund , was a different kind of animal , according to sources familiar with the arrangements . it bought energy and other assets from enron , which booked gains and losses on those deals . ljm was also involved in complex hedging that was supposed to reduce the volatility of some of enron ' s investments , including stakes in high - tech and telecom businesses and an interest in new power co . , which markets power to consumers . when enron terminated these deals in september , it took the $ 1 . 2 billion hit to equity . but the more immediate question is whether trading partners will stick with the company . the first place that might show up is in enron ' s highly successful online platform , which trades everything from gas and electricity to weather derivatives . to reassure its partners , enron is scrambling to shore up its liquidity . it has already tapped $ 3 billion in credit lines and is trying to arrange another $ 1 billion . shipman says he has seen no signs of massive customer defections or drastically worsened credit terms . still , rival traders are wary . " we certainly have taken a closer look at enron in the last week to 10 days and will continue to manage the credit risk , but we ' re still doing business with the company as usual , " says keith g . stamm , ceo of power and gas trader aquila inc . ( ila ) " speeding train . " still , with the stock battered and rating agencies considering further downgrades , that could rapidly change . in recent days , the uncertainty about enron ' s future has reduced investors ' appetite for enron debt . " no one wants to speculate on the direction or their likelihood of survival , " says a credit - derivatives salesperson . " it ' s really difficult to get in front of a speeding train . " even if lay can calm his trading partners , he and his management team face a much tougher task of restoring their credibility on wall street . with the stock now hovering around $ 14 - - down from a high of $ 90 in august , 2000 - - some even believe that enron could be a takeover target for the likes of ge capital or royal dutch / shell group . ( rd ) both declined to comment . would enron sell ? one source close to the company says enron has talked about possible mergers and strategic alliances in the past with royal dutch / shell , among others . " if they ' re really worried about liquidity , they might take the easy way out , " he says . if enron does pull through this crisis , some suspect it will be a humbler , more risk - averse place . the company that once believed it could expand its trading and logistics empire to all manner of commodities - - from advertising space to steel - - will be forced to scale back its grandiose visions . that ' s something some investors applaud . " the company should focus on its strengths , " says william n . adams , senior energy analyst at banc of america capital management , a major shareholder . but that ' s a far less exciting place than enron ' s energy cowboys ever hoped to roam . by stephanie anderson forest and wendy zellner in dallas , with heather timmons in new york november 12 , 2001 finance business week derivatives danger ? lately , owners of enron ' s ( ene ) equity , bonds , and loans have been struggling to understand how exposed the company is to risks of losses that they didn ' t know about before . now , as a fuller picture of enron ' s entanglements with partnerships begins to emerge , investors have something else to worry about : credit default swaps , known as cdss for short . that ' s financial marketspeak for insurance on bonds and bank loans . their owners pay a premium for coverage that reimburses them for any losses they have if their investments go bad . the cds market has existed only for about two years , but it ' s growing fast . goldman , sachs & co . ( gs ) and others estimate that bonds and loans with a face value of between $ 1 trillion and $ 1 . 5 trillion are covered . not surprisingly , big banks with hefty balance sheets such as j . p . morgan chase ( jpm ) , merrill lynch ( mer ) , and deutsche bank ( db ) dominate the market . enron , however , is a player - - and the only significant one that isn ' t also a bank . competitors say that although enron has issued only between $ 500 million and $ 700 million worth of cdss so far this year , it had ambitious plans to offer them online . " they don ' t belong in this market , " says one trader . " they don ' t understand the implications . " enron did not return calls seeking comment . of course , neither enron nor others will have to pay out unless the loans and bonds they ' re insuring turn bad . trouble is , this year is potentially a doozie for losses on corporate debt . corporate defaults could reach a record of $ 100 billion , says standard & poor ' s , like businessweek a unit of the mcgraw - hill companies . regulators say shaky bank loans hit a record $ 193 billion by early october . if enron has insured any of the bad debt , it might have to take charges for losses if they exceed the premiums it has been getting . with all that has been happening in recent weeks , that ' s the last thing it needs . by heather timmons in new york november 12 , 2001 finance by mike mcnamee commentary : enron ' s clout won ' t sway the sec for securities & exchange commission chairman harvey l . pitt , the sec ' s investigation into enron corp . ( ene ) could hardly have come at a worse time . the future of pitt ' s ambitious agenda of reforms in securities regulation could depend on how well he handles this case . enron ' s political clout and close ties to president george w . bush create real risks for the sec . enron ceo kenneth l . lay is a longtime bush backer , and the company was the biggest corporate contributor to the president ' s campaign . a bush appointee , pitt is attempting a delicate balancing act . he has made it clear he wants to speed up the sec ' s enforcement , in part by rewarding companies that cooperate with probes . but he insists the sec will still come down hard on true corporate miscreants - - and knows that any signs of let - up could jeopardize the rest of his reform agenda . enter the enron probe . the fine shadings of securities enforcement - - where most cases are settled by negotiated penalties , not court - imposed fines - - often make it hard for outsiders to tell whether the sec is being tough or lenient . but pitt must go out of his way to make it clear that the enron case is handled by the book - - getting the same strict scrutiny from the sec as any other , less connected company . for now , top sec aides say that ' s happening . the sec enforcement div . in washington is looking into whether enron adequately disclosed to shareholders the risks of its complex deals with andrew s . fastow , the company ' s former chief financial officer . agency insiders say pitt and his fellow commissioners will be briefed on the case as it proceeds . but they insist pitt hasn ' t heard from the white house or enron ' s other political allies . top lobbyist . enron ' s connections are numerous . besides lay ' s links to bush , an enron director , wendy lee gramm , is the wife of texas senator phil gramm , top republican on the senate banking committee . and enron spreads its lobbying budget - - $ 2 . 13 million in 2000 - - across both parties . just this year it hired four lobbying firms with democratic roots . enron says it lobbies heavily because it operates in regulated industries . it notes that electric utilities outspend it 35 to 1 . on oct . 31 , a special committee of enron ' s board hired william r . mclucas , former sec enforcement director , to represent it . mclucas should know that any attempt to muscle the stock cops is likely to backfire . pitt , who joined the sec out of law school in 1968 , " remembers how the [ nixon - era ] sec tainted itself by turning a blind eye to [ fugitive financier ] robert vesco , " says an agency veteran . pitt has too much riding on the enron probe to let its connections sway his judgment . mcnamee covers finance in washington . afl - cio , amalgamated bank call on enron to redirect the mission of newly created special committee : outside directors must adopt independent role 11 / 02 / 2001 pr newswire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) washington , nov . 2 / prnewswire / - - in a shareholder letter sent today to the board of directors of the enron corporation ( nyse : ene ) , the afl - cio and the amalgamated bank called on enron to expand the mission of its newly created special committee and for enron ' s board to adopt a package of reforms designed to restore investor confidence in the battered energy firm . america ' s working families are significant shareholders of enron stock through their pension , health and welfare benefit funds . among other suggestions , the letter urges the board to expand the special committee ' s mandate to : * examine all transactions with entities in which enron employees or directors have an interest * adopt procedures for reviewing insider participation in investments * commence an extraordinary review of executive compensation * adopt a stricter definition of director independence and disclose director conflicts of interest " the special committee ' s mandate is far too narrow to address the current crisis , " said richard trumka , secretary - treasurer of the afl - cio . " in light of enron ' s recent balance sheet write - downs , share price decline , and credit rating deterioration , the special committee must be forward looking and consider sweeping governance reform measures , " he explained . " in this time of crisis , outside directors must reform enron ' s traditional lack of transparency and communicate directly with shareholders , " said gabriel caprio , president and ceo of the amalgamated bank . " this is particularly important since several outside directors have apparent conflicts of interest that compromise their objectivity , " he added . afl - cio affiliate unions sponsor benefit funds with over $ 400 billion in assets and hold an estimated 3 . 1 million enron shares . the afl - cio is joined in its call for reform by the amalgamated bank , the trustee of the longview funds which hold 251 , 304 shares of enron . the amalgamated bank ' s longview funds are collective investment trusts that manage equity assets on behalf of workers ' benefit funds . a copy of the letter sent to enron ' s board of directors is available by contacting the afl - cio office of investment at 202 - 637 - 3900 or online at http : / / www . shareholdervalue . org . make your opinion count - click here / contact : lane windham , + 1 - 202 - 637 - 5018 , or bill patterson , + 1 - 202 - 637 - 3900 , both of afl - cio / 13 : 39 est copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . williams ceo sees validation of co ' s bandwidth model 11 / 02 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - ( dow jones ) - at the beginning of the year , two telecommunications units born of energy companies seemed to symbolize the different ways to sell bandwidth . enron corp . ( ene ) was viewed as the hot pioneer blazing a trail for selling telecommunications network capacity as a commodity like natural gas or electricity . on the other hand , williams communications group ( wcg ) seemed to promote the old - fashioned method that telecommunications companies have used for making long - term agreements . on thursday , wcg reported third - quarter earnings of $ 22 . 6 million before taxes and interest . wcg chairman and chief executive howard janzen told dow jones newswires that the earnings validated williams ' model of a bandwidth company being a provider of services , not a trader of commodities . " i think bandwidth trading has its place , " janzen said . " it ' s developing relatively slowly . the reality is ( that ) bandwidth is not a commodity except for lower - capacity services and on certain routes with large amounts of capacity . " enron reported an $ 80 million third - quarter loss for its broadband services unit . as janzen views it , bandwidth is defined by the technology used to provide it . " the bandwidth we ' ll sell five years from now will be different from what we ' re selling today because of changes in technology , " he said . after taxes and interest , williams reported a loss of $ 272 . 7 million on revenue of $ 297 . 8 million in the third quarter . an extraordinary gain of $ 223 . 7 million from the repurchase of senior redeemable notes in the open market enabled williams to post the positive result before taxes and interest . in the same period a year ago , williams reported a net loss of $ 150 . 5 million on revenue of $ 209 million . williams also announced thursday that it has agreed to buy the assets of coreexpress , a company which operated on williams ' network . coreexpress guarantees data delivery over multiple networks and developed software to monitor quality of service over multiple networks . terms of the agreement weren ' t disclosed . the deal won ' t close until undisclosed conditions are met . williams also announced a 20 - year agreement valued at $ 267 million to provide bandwidth to boeing co . - by erwin seba , dow jones newswires , 713 - 547 - 9214 erwin . seba @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares plunge after s & p credit rating cut . 11 / 02 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 2 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . dropped more than 8 percent in early trade on friday , as the stock took a new plunge in a two - week free - fall , a day after its credit rating was cut for the second time this week . enron was down 89 cents , or 7 . 4 percent , to $ 11 . 10 on the new york stock exchange , after briefly slipping to $ 10 . 95 , a price it also touched briefly on tuesday and last closed at in july 1992 . enron , the nation ' s largest energy trader , lined up $ 1 billion of new credit on thursday in a bid to restore investor confidence . even so , standard & poor ' s cut enron ' s credit rating after stock markets closed on thursday , saying it could do so again if the situation worsens . enron has been rocked by a stock slide that has slashed two - thirds of its share price since oct . 16 , when the company reported a $ 1 billion charge that was caused , in part , by dealings linked to a chief financial officer who was subsequently ousted . houston - based enron is facing an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission into those dealings . at issue are off - balance sheet deals with limited partnerships , run by then - cfo andrew fastow , which contributed to a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . goldman declines enron ' s request for loan amid credit concerns 2001 - 11 - 02 11 : 22 ( new york ) goldman declines enron ' s request for loan amid credit concerns new york , nov . 2 ( bloomberg ) - - goldman sachs group inc . refused to participate in a $ 1 billion loan to enron corp . because it was unwilling to risk its capital on a client with falling credit ratings that has been using its investment - banking services less often , according to people familiar with matter . enron chief executive kenneth lay asked for the line of credit after meeting with bankers from goldman , j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . last month to discuss ways to alleviate a cash crunch . j . p . morgan and citigroup agreed to lend on the condition that the houston - based energy trader pledge two pipelines as collateral . goldman ' s refusal highlights its reluctance to provide credit lines to all but its top fee - paying clients . by not lending to enron , the firm also is able to advise companies that want to buy enron or some of its assets , or make a bid of its own . for enron , the decision makes it harder to resist the demands of its existing lenders , who made the company give up collateral and pay higher interest rates to get its new loan . ` ` people smell resistance to enron , ' ' said glenn reynolds , an analyst with creditsights . com , an independent research firm . ` ` the balance of power is the with the banks now . ' ' kathleen baum , a spokeswoman for goldman , said the firm had ` ` a long history of putting its capital to work for clients . ' ' she wouldn ' t comment on the firm ' s relationship with enron . karen denne , a spokeswoman for enron , said , ` ` i won ' t confirm who we have had talks with . ' ' shut out enron needed the $ 1 billion secured loan to supplement cash reserves and help the company pay off existing debt . yesterday , standard & poor ' s cut enron ' s long - term credit rating to ` ` bbb , ' ' the second - lowest investment grade rating , from ` ` bbb + . ' ' the sec is investigating partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow that bought and sold enron shares and assets . those trades cost enron $ 35 million . the company also lost $ 1 . 2 billion in shareholder equity . enron ' s dealings with the partnerships have shut it out of commercial - paper markets , where corporations borrow money for days or weeks . lenders are concerned that the company may have further losses from its trading business . a week ago enron tapped $ 3 billion in credit lines , arranged by j . p . morgan and citibank , to pay off $ 2 . 2 billion in commercial paper it has outstanding . already loaded down with enron debt , j . p . morgan and citibank forced enron to pay as much as 2 . 5 percentage points more than the london interbank offered rate , or libor , on its new loan , according to the people familiar with the matter . that ' s about five times the spread enron is paying on its existing lines , according to bloomberg data . the extra yield wasn ' t sufficient incentive for goldman to lend . securities firms such as goldman are required to value lending commitments at market prices , exposing them to potential losses from declines in loan prices . banks such as j . p . morgan and citibank are allowed to carry the assets at full value . falling prices enron ' s existing loans have already fallen to between 80 and 90 cents on the dollar since the company drew them down , according to traders . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent coupon notes due in 2006 fell as much as 6 cents on the dollar today , with price indications between 68 and 73 cents , traders said . yesterday , traders bid for the bonds at 74 cents and offered to sell them at 77 cents goldman has been getting less investment - banking business from enron . the no . 3 u . s . securities firm by capital hasn ' t arranged a bond sale for enron since 1995 , and enron hasn ' t picked goldman to advise on an acquisition or sale since at least 1993 , according to bloomberg data . the firm is a dealer on enron ' s $ 3 billion commercial paper program and has arranged six of the company ' s 15 preferred share sales . without a steady flow of investment banking fees , goldman is reluctant to make loans that tie up capital in a business that is less profitable than advising on mergers or underwriting securities . among clients the firm has turned down : ford motor co . , the second - largest automaker , and vodafone group plc , europe ' s largest cellular phone company . goldman did extend $ 2 billion in credit to at & t corp . as part of a $ 25 billion credit facility last year . the largest u . s . long - distance phone company is one of the firm ' s most lucrative clients , however , paying out more than $ 100 million in investment - banking fees during the past five years . after refusing to lend to enron , goldman is unlikely to advise the energy trader on any of its planned $ 2 . 1 billion in asset sales , the people familiar said . j . p . morgan is advising enron on the sale of its azurix north american water business and may be retained , along with citigroup ' s salomon smith barney unit , to look at other disposals and a possible sale of the whole company , the people said . goldman , which has an energy trading business of its own , may already be advising potential buyers of enron ' s businesses , or lining up a bid of its own , reynolds said . ` ` we may well see goldman pop up on the other side , which would explain its reticence to lend , ' ' he said . power points : time for a bronx miracle in houston by mark golden 11 / 02 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a dow jones newswires column new york - ( dow jones ) - with two outs in the bottom of the ninth and down by two runs with one man on , enron corp . ( ene ) needs nothing less than a home run just to stay in the game . this is the home run enron must come up with : full disclosure of the assets and liabilities of those troubled partnerships that have been kept off their balance sheet , and proof the corporation can cover the difference . it ' s what stockholders , bondholders and trading partners have been demanding , but time is running out , and enron hasn ' t produced . " we ' re going to get to that number soon and tell people . we have to do that , " said a source at enron , who didn ' t know how quickly the disclosure would come or whether it would be independently audited . " in this environment , we are going to be absolutely sure that it ' s accurate . " enron has about $ 3 . 3 billion in debt on the two key partnerships payable in 2003 . the company will sell the assets in those partnerships and , in a worse case scenario , will face a $ 1 billion shortfall that could be covered by selling stock and other company assets , enron has said . the company hopes that when the time comes to issue new stock , shares will be trading closer to $ 20 than their current $ 11 . investors , however , aren ' t acting as if they ' re reassured . part of the trouble , analysts with credit - rating firm standard & poor ' s said friday morning , is that until enron sells the assets , nobody knows for sure what they ' re worth or how deep the partnerships are in the hole . s & p is confident that enron can raise enough capital to fill that hole , provided its trading partners in key energy markets continue to business with the company . credit derivative fizzle to see the pickle the world ' s premier energy franchise is in , one needs to look no further than its credit derivatives trading desk . that relatively new and innovative operation was getting off the ground nicely , but the desk hasn ' t been able to transact for three weeks , since the value of enron ' s stock and bonds began to plummet , according to another enron employee . enron didn ' t respond to a request for comment , but the enron credit division in europe said in a release that lines are " constrained " as the market continues to evaluate the company ' s credit position . until recently , customers would buy a credit derivative from enron to cover its exposure to bankruptcy by a third company . a big supplier to a financially troubled company like xerox corp . ( xrx ) or lucent technologies ( lu ) , for example , might pay enron $ 1 million a year for a payout of , say , $ 10 million in the event of a bankruptcy . but you wouldn ' t pay the premium on your insurance unless you were sure that the insurance company could pay your claims . likewise , with enron ' s creditworthiness in doubt , there ' s no reason to pay a lot of money just to exchange lucent risk for enron risk . the same holds true , though less obviously , for enron ' s core business of energy trading . some utilities , large industrial companies and other energy trading companies could see their profits ruined if natural gas prices - already on the rise at $ 3 per million british thermal units - shoot to $ 10 this winter as they did last winter . to guard against that risk , companies buy contracts now for delivery this winter at set prices . if a company wants to lock in winter gas at $ 3 , should it turn to enron ? if gas were to rise to $ 10 in january and enron couldn ' t deliver , enron ' s counterparty paid a good price for no protection . and if enron failed in a $ 10 gas market , that would send hundreds of companies scrambling for supplies . gas could go to $ 20 in a heartbeat . leading role an asset enron does have a man on base . the company is so important to energy market participants that they desperately want enron to survive . and any company that moves to lock enron out of the market now could regret doing so if enron survives as the big dog . enron ' s trading partners have a pretty consistent position at this point : they are continuing to trade with enron , but are avoiding long - term deals that increase their exposure to the company . the only acceptable long - term deals are those that offset deals done earlier . unless and until a bill goes unpaid , they ' ll keep delivering . enron , like the rest of the u . s . energy industry , paid its bills for september gas deliveries on oct . 20 and for its september electricity deliveries on oct . 25 . its next power and gas bills come due in the third week of november . that means trading companies generally have just seven weeks of receivables at risk before enron ' s creditworthiness faces another test . in exchange for taking on that small risk , they keep the great market maker in business . lenders show concerns lenders , whether through holding enron bonds or providing loans , don ' t have the same luxury as energy trading companies that are keeping deals on a short leash . lenders supply cash up front and for longer periods of time , usually years . outside of long - term commitments , what worries the banks , which presumably got a good look at enron ' s books ? if enron is now unable to make the big bets with long - term energy deals that have kept it profitable for years , can it service all of its liabilities , known and unknown ? if it has to sell profitable assets like pipelines and power plants , or otherwise put those assets at risk , will lower earnings be enough to pay rising credit costs ? what happens if its greatest asset - its traders - leave in droves to work elsewhere ? if enron is to have a chance , it needs energy trading profits to keep rolling in so that it can continue to service its debt . so far this year , trading and other wholesale operations have accounted for $ 2 . 2 billion out of $ 2 . 4 billion in net recurring income before interest and taxes . by comparison , enron has made $ 617 million in interest payments so far this year . j . p . morgan chase 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron says it remains ' biggest ' player in eu gas , power 11 / 02 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) london - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) said in a statement friday that it remains the " the biggest buyer and seller of gas and power in europe , " and that its enrononline platform " continues to be the key trading platform in europe . " the company issued the statement in response to widespread rumors that several companies have ceased trading gas and power with enron since its share price took a nosedive last week . in the statement , enron added that worldwide transactions in the power and gas markets were averaging $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion a day , up from a 30 - day average of $ 2 . 5 billion at close of business friday , oct . 26 . enron has been on the defensive after announcing a third - quarter loss of $ 618 million two weeks ago , followed by news that it took a $ 1 . 2 billion equity write - down , based partly on transactions involving a handful of its own officers . on wednesday , enron disclosed that the sec elevated its inquiry into enron ' s alleged related - party transactions to a formal probe . enron corp . secured $ 1 billion in new credit lines this week , but the deal did not appease credit - rating agency standard + 44 - ( 0 ) 20 - 7842 - 9345 ; sarah . spikes @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron shares fall as investor concerns linger . by janet mcgurty 11 / 02 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 2 ( reuters ) - shares in enron corp . , the u . s . energy trading giant facing a federal probe into its dealings , declined on friday amid lingering investor concern about management credibility and the outcome of pending lawsuits . shares of enron were off 62 cents , or 5 . 2 percent , at $ 11 . 37 in early afternoon trade on the new york stock exchange , recouping some losses after plunging briefly to $ 10 . 95 , a closing price last seen in july 1992 and touched in intraday trade on tuesday . enron debt due in 2006 declined about another 6 points , and was trading at about 65 cents on the dollar . the bonds were trading at about $ 1 . 01 two weeks ago , before enron announced on oct . 16 a $ 1 billion charge , caused in part by dealings linked to partnerships run until recently by a chief financial officer who was ousted last week , and that form part of the federal probe . " there remain several fundamental issues that we believe need to be addressed before the clouds can clear above enron ' s skies , " said ronald barone of brokerage ubs warburg . apart from the probe by the securities and exchange commission , barone said concerns include " the evolving state of the company ' s balance sheet , management credibility and ultimate outcome of shareholder lawsuits . " a handful of law firms have sued enron , saying it overstated operating results , failed to write down assets on a timely basis and concealed investments that might require the company to issue large amounts of shares to cover loses . enron ' s woes have put it under intense investor scrutiny , with the company losing about $ 17 billion in market capitalization in the past two weeks . the afl - cio union umbrella urged enron on friday to review executive compensation and adopt procedures for insider investments , among other recommendations . afl - cio affiliate unions sponsor benefit funds that hold an estimated 3 . 1 million enron shares . premium player in risk management shares also plunged on friday - they have fallen about two - thirds in the past two weeks - after standard & poor ' s cut enron ' s credit rating late thursday , the second cut this week . although s & p said another rate cut could ensue if enron ' s situation worsens , a team of s & p analysts told investors on a conference call on friday they were confident they were aware of all the company ' s financial obligations . enron has been criticized for providing scant details about its dealings , leading to concerns about the riskiness of its obligations . " enron is a premium player in the risk management area , " said ronald barone , a member of the s & p team who is not related to ubs ' s barone . the s & p analysts said they were using about $ 1 . 5 billion as the amount of off - balance sheet items , about half the $ 3 billion calculated in past years , because of a change in reporting international energy assets , which no longer puts non - recourse debt onto the balance sheet in places like india and south america . the s & p analysts also said they felt enron ' s move to secure a $ 1 billion line of additional credit earlier this week sent out enron ' s clear commitment to credit quality . they also said it seemed reasonable to expect a long - term solution to fix enron ' s hard to understand balance sheet would assume an infusion of long - term equity as well as asset sales . the s & p ratings team also said it was closely monitoring enron ' s trading partners for a change in their credit stance toward enron and , to date , have seen no significant change . but they cautioned that could change at any time and that was the reason for putting enron on the credit watch listing . enron chairman and chief executive officer ken lay , who has been criticized for not providing the public enough details on enron , was a no - show at a business conference in houston where he had been scheduled to speak on friday morning . enron executive robert bradley , who declined to respond to questions from reuters after his speech , said he had been sent to replace lay because " ken is better at putting out fires at enron . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: the security check for your future featherweight linegcard graydragon malcor kungyi lexpression lndx itemconfigure xmo 3 lastsun karmakar did you ever get a chance to try that site we spoke about . i have been using it to get all of my r x needs from . service was great , prices are outstanding . talk to you later . low prices meds for cancer , arthritis , sexual health , cardiovascular disease , paain relief , an # xiety relief , depresion relief , women ' s health , men ' s health and more others . hit here http : / / s . net . roangood . com / ? 06 qlbt / oq i ' ve given you my all but it ' s not pleasin ' if you respect my love you here my plead oh how i wish i never had caused you sorrow  
2	Subject: interview with the enron research group good morning frank : vince kaminski and the enron research group would like to bring you to houston for an interview , sometime around the last of januray or the first of february . our human resources rep will be contacting you as to the best day and time for you . could you please furnish me an electronic version of your resume ? i will need this to pass to the hr dept . the people in the research group that will be interviewing you are : vince kaminski managing director and head of research stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao director ( will be out of the office until the end of january - thus the time frame ) vasant shanbhogue vice president tanya tamarchenko director zimin lu director thank you very much and we look forward to seeing you soon . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: feel what it feels like to be single 34962043 elitemate . com 46 - 09 11 th street , lic , ny 11101 . to remove yourself from future elitemate mailings follow this link . contact information : 3305 w spring mountain rd . suite 60 - 15 las vegas , nv 89102  
2	Subject: ets operations technical services organization the mission of ets operations technical services ( ots ) remains unchanged . our goal is to be an integral part of field operations , provide the highest level of technical support possible and assist the field operations teams in achieving their objectives . to that end and as a part of ets ' s on - going transition of merging ets ' s and eott ' s operations , i am pleased to announce a realignment of ets operations technical services . the purpose of these changes is to better align our technical resources with the new operations areas and teams and better serve their needs . therefore , we will form area technical support teams for each of the technical disciplines ( corrosion , measurement and controls & electrical ) : max brown , director of corrosion services , will lead the corrosion teams . kenneth cessac , director of measurement services , will have responsibility for the measurement support teams . ken crowl , director of controls and electrical services will provide leadership to the c & e teams . steve klimesh , business consultant , will provide on - going support to ets on uaf and other continuous improvement initiatives . the clifton and beaver machines shops will remain a part of ots as we continue to grow the enron machine and mechanical services business . the attached organizational charts show the new tech services . the vacancies reflected on the charts are an effort to shore up our technical support staff for operating the eott assets . in the coming weeks , our technical support teams will be further defining their support roles to the region and team level and working diligently to fill these vacancies . any thoughts or comments that you might have regarding these changes are certainly appreciated . please feel free to call me or any of the ots directors with your feedback or for assistance . our goal is to continue to provide the best service possible to you , our customers . 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / go - medz . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / go - medz . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: re : deals with p and f judging by the length of the spreadsheet , it looks like a pervasive problem . nancy and i will work with debbie / some in credit to determine physical / financial guidelines and roll this out to the risk management groups . enron technology from : john d powell @ ect 12 / 14 / 2000 01 : 37 pm to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : deals with p and f here are the deals with both p and f on them . . . 
2	Subject: win a turbocharged jaguar xp in winifred ' s casino nucleolus be the dealer - or - the player in our award winning casino ! totalplayers . biz offers great daily , weekly and monthly promotions . these promotions include cash prizes , dealer point bonuses , and other exciting offers . be sure to visit totalplayers . biz to win the benefits prizes our site offers ! totalplayers . biz offers daily attractions , events , and promotions that include super games , cash prizes , coupons , and much more . for the latest events and attractions visit here . you will receive a cash bonus of up to $ 200 on your initial deposit ! simply make your first deposit to your totalplayers . biz account and well instantly add an additional 20 % of your deposit to your bankroll . 20 % cash bonus details here as player , you accumulate 1 dealer point for every dollar you place as a bet . as dealer , 1 dealer point is deducted for every 1 dollar bet against you . to become the dealer you need to have a minimum amount of dealer points . e . g . on a $ 200 dollar deposit you will receive 400 dealer points for each game - blackjack , roulette , slot machine , and video poker . ( you receive 200 % on your initial deposit , no matter how high ! ) as our valued player you can convert your dealer points to real money ! to covert your dealer points to real money , go to the cashier and click on deposit - dealer points and click on submit . the conversion ratio is displayed and the money is deposited to your casino account immediately . from now on you will instantly receive a $ 25 house bonus for every player who deposits money ( no minimum required ) . you can now refer your friends using your personally customized link , which is available , after signing up , in your account administration page . bring all your friends and start playing today !  
2	Subject: union gas - doehrman # 1 tom , the doehrman # 1 well came on line for first delivery on monday , 2 / 7 / 00 at 11 : 45 am . the contract calls for intra - month pricing for deliveries that commence after the first day of the month . please create a one month baseload firm deal ticket for the remaining days of the month based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price union gas operating company 9825 500 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 10 susan will create a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal once our geologists have gathered enough data to forecast the reserves of this well ; at such time , we will request that this ticket be zeroed out . if you have any questions or concerns , please give me a call . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: hey man , stop throwing away your money penis enlargement patch that works ! ! ! http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / beauty holds more worth than gold . glory built on selfish principles is shame and guilt . moderation in all things . people who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy . we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt . 
2	Subject: hot online casino wt welcome to casino zeal , bringing the glamour and excitement of real casino action to your desktop . fast payouts , generous comps , and around - the - clock friendly customer support make casino zeal the premiere destination for wagering online . be our guest today as a real player and discover the finest virtual gaming in the privacy of your own home ! over 40 exciting casino games ! make sure you check our latest promotions to see how you can claim your free money ! and don ' t forget to read the vip program details , now with 5 levels of vip membership available ! 200 dollar bonus on your first deposit ! at the casino software ' s cashier enter bonus code : fmjku allow us to show you our quality operation , fast payouts , generous bonuses , and super friendly around - the - clock customer support .  
2	Subject: re : any p & l from aig this quarter ? no p & l on aig to report . also , i have a 2 : 30 with rob to discuss canada ' s cash situation . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 9 : 44 am to : deffner , joseph subject : any p & l from aig this quarter ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: initial meeting of the ena analyst and associate roundtable august 18 , 2000 just a reminder we will have the initial meeting of the ena / aa roundtable on friday at 9 : 00 am in room eb 30 cl . again , the agenda is as follows : discussion of prc immediate and future aa needs by business unit skill shortages campus and off - cycle recruitment mottom 10 % management projecting aa needs from core schools for summer 2001 intake existing talent in specialist roles who should be in aa program ideas / suggestions on how we improve the program / ena retention your groups need to be represented and if you can ' t attend please send someone to represent you . those of you out of town need to call me if you have any input . thanks again for all your support . ted 
2	Subject: do not lose the moment hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest mortgage rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 320 , 000 for as little as $ 500 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obligation consultation click below : best regards , elinor hanson to be removed : http : / / www . goodwayz . com / x / st . html  
2	Subject: fw : [ 1 ] this will be our closing effort we have sought to drop a line to you on a lot instances and we hope for you reply this time ! your current financial loan situation qualifies you for up to a 3 . 30 % lower rate . however , thanks to our previous attempts to drop a line to you were unsuccessful , this will be our last attempt to enable you to receive the lower rate . please bring to an end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your claim now . finish here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: ar : logos , letterheads , business cards , envelops your business lacks visual identity ? marketing efforts falling short ? invisible among a sea of competitors ? you ' re on the right track for a solution - keep reading . . . our professional designers specialize in the creation of custom logos and business / corporate identities . our design needs to be seen only once to gain customer attention and recognition . with one of our unique , eye - catching mages you ' ll never have to introduce yourself twice ! we promise fast turnaround and 100 % customer satisfaction . choose from as any design ideas as necessary , select as many colors as you wish , order any modifications you like , and request any format . our prices are affordable for any size of business , and get this : there are no hidden fees . follow the link below to browse our portfolio and check out our sweet deals . wipe the " in " from " invisible " in just a few days - with us ! http : / / www . inner - logos . com / sincerely , mayra brady       you may unsubscribe here : http : / / www . inner - logos . com / u . php 
2	Subject: outstanding performance statements sally , this is the current status of the outstanding peformance evaluations . michelle cash is reviewing the following : chris mendoza ron gaskey robert lloyd alton honore mathew lippert shawna johnson : supervised by carrie hollomon & jeff gossett . evaluation turned in to hr and will be forwarded to legal gloria barkowsky : supervised by bryce baxter . forwarded to supervisor today . date for evaluation to be set up soon . cynthia gin : supervised by bob klein . date for review is 8 / 24 / 00 . aimee lannou : supervised by pat clynes . status : not forwarded to hr as of today . let me know if there is any other information that i can provide . we are keeping track of all evaluations that have been executed to date . we will pursue the outstanding evaluations after we wrap up this process first . hgm 
2	Subject: urgent - vp candidate dale furrow everyone . dale furrow is being considered for the position of vice president - ews / ees retail utility risk management . since there is not a formal managment committee meeting scheduled this week , i am asking for your approval via email . if we do not move on an offer for dale this week , we stand the chance of losing him . dale is being recommended for hire by john lavorato . i have attached the following for your perusal : job description - vp retail utility risk management resume - dale furrow management and executive interview team the interview team agrees and recommends dale furrow for immediate hire at the vice president level . please email me your approval or any concern you may have so that we can proceed with an offer . marykay manning ( 713 ) 853 - 7247 - office ( 713 ) 826 - 9243 - cell marykay . manning @ enron . com 
2	Subject: v and more hello , welcome to the medzonli plainclothesman ne - online pharmaceu varicoloured tical shop . v tzigane a u persuasiveness mv kilometre i passible rac tangible i warpath is townspeople li a colloquialism g tutorage al andmanyother . with our sh rivalry op you get - best p bursary rlces indefensibility excellent service fast correspondence shipping private online or surpassing dering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: mike bridges louise , in the governance email which you sent , mike bridges was identified as a member of the operational restart sub - committee . i assume you meant mark bridges . i suspect this might have lead to mike receiving a phonecall today from ubs asking him for information . an excited mike called me to ask if he is invited to join ubs . i told him that i thought it was a mistake , but that i would confirm it with you . dave 
2	Subject: re : account # 9288607 r hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , morris villegas for email removal , go here . conjuncture boycott backstage renunciate adjective sirius buoy grossman cormorant guanidine janissary intimater gainesville serviceberry booty instance stencil hudsonhumidistat carlton henbane labia isotopic deep wealthy think minoan mandate yeshiva dishwasher rodgers held bitterroot gamesman compressive baronychert consecrate griswold swan patsy ganymede gap indiana berea curia orphan gesture ham valentine camber pontiac droopy projectoramid dehydrate optimism bare bernini camilla degradation crown inexpensive muddlehead alveolus department malice inalienable catchy beetle doe belairanian cent addition cactus tun hiatt extravagant lamellar concomitant drake regretting los charybdis count electroencephalography 
2	Subject: never worry about erectile dysfuntion again ! rock hard in 20 minutes more info here . . . armhole zvz brim wfx cowherd tn diorama kq dewdrop ig griswold oo ross bth tribesman lc weedy ecn apiece gt claret fw andromache uuv gravel pc richter suh booky ajy casanova hla acumen hk hondo mj no  
2	Subject: affordable online tablets here autumnal firefly perfidy searchlight societe wireman drumhead get all your prescriptions in one location ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now sheet eight perversion cease lethal  
2	Subject: fw : fserh hi roselution dvd movies hello ! yawo you can lease the peace of mind you bought a mask , i put it on . you never thought to ask me if i wear it when you ' re gonea book is the only immortality . his hilarity was like a scream from a crevasse . eyes lie if you ever look into them for the character of the person . the best leaders . . . almost without exception and at every level , are master users of stories and symbols . familiarity breeds contempt and children . so live that you can look any man in the eye and tell him to go to hell . people are slow to believe that , which if believed would work them harm . experience is a comb which nature gives to men when they are bald . we pay when old for the excesses of youth . there is a great man who makes every man feel small . but the real great man is the man who makes every man feel great . if you have a dream , give it a chance to happen . all noble enthusiasms pass through a feverish stage , and grow wiser and more serene . better to be ignorant of a matter than half know it . it is with trifles and when he is off guard that a man best reveals his character . that which we obtain too easily , we esteem too lightly . you can fail so very often . but you are not a failure until you give up . you talk too much , you laugh too loud , that ' s the price of love .  
2	Subject: increase your penis size yes . . it is possible to increase your penis size http : / / cauterizes . net / extender / ? sash the only method to easily enlarge your penis quickly without surgery or even seeing a doctor . " the extender " has taken natural penis enlargement to the privacy of the home adding both penis length and girth to your penis . it has also been medically proven to correct penile curvature . the way the - extender works is to stretch the penis over time . the more you wear the device , the faster your gains . some people can manage to wear it 5 hours a day while others only manage 2 , its the total time that matters , not the interval length . gains are reasonably fast , even at only 3 hrs / day , with most users gaining over 1 inch in just 2 months . http : / / cauterizes . net / extender / ? sash " the extender " is 100 % effective : ? size gains all users who have followed the instruction manual have obtained an increase in penis length . length gained ranged from 2 inches to 45 full inches after 4 months . with the average size gains being a 1 inch gain each 5 weeks ( 0 . 5 cm growth per week ) . the - extender is the fastest way to increase your size perminantly . ? curvature correction all users that have followed the instruction manual have undergone improvement of existing penile curvature . improvement degree has ranged from 50 % to 90 % correction ( straightening ) . the - extender is helping thousands of men around the world increase there penis size . http : / / cauterizes . net / extender / ? sash if you ' d like to stop mail being sent to your e - mail address in the future please complete the form below . http : / / cauterizes . net / extender / ? sashok 
2	Subject: eol mobile access have we thought of letting traders access eol via wap or having a more friendly format for hand held devices , thereby keeping more eyeballs and keeping ourselves as the platform of choice due to convienience ? no more having to stop trading when at henley or wimbledon ! richard 
2	Subject: re : tw lft overrun request form posted 2 / 2 / 01 http : / / www . tw . enron . com / etfr _ bforms . html toby ramona betancourt 02 / 02 / 2001 08 : 58 am to : toby kuehl / et & s / enron @ enron cc : lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , linda trevino / et & s / enron @ enron , elizabeth brown / et & s / enron @ enron , rick dietz / et & s / enron @ enron , dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron , dale eldridge / et & s / enron @ enron , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron , terry kowalke / et & s / enron @ enron , albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , christine mcevoy / et & s / enron @ enron , beverly miller / et & s / enron @ enron , tracy minter / et & s / enron @ enron , amy mulligan / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia rivers / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , linda ward / et & s / enron @ enron , sheila nacey / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , nancy bastida / fgt / enron @ enron , karen brostad / et & s / enron @ enron , zuela carter / et & s / enron @ enron , martha cormier / et & s / enron @ enron , patricia steele / et & s / enron @ enron , john williams / et & s / enron @ enron subject : tw lft overrun request form the tw lft overrun request form has been reviewed by susan and the final form is attached below for your records . toby , can you post this document for tw on the web site under access forms ? thanks ramona 
2	Subject: re : enron , india database sandeep , ? we ' ve ? completed a review ? this morning to try to fill in missing pieces ? of information on hourly load shapes , hydro dispatch history , and transactions for india and have not come up with anything yet . would you know of any of the above information which would ? assist us in our efforts ? ? thanks , ? david yomogida ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : david to : sandeep kohli cc : robert schenck - australia ; vince j kaminski ; stinson gibner sent : wednesday , january 10 , 2001 6 : 20 pm subject : enron , india database sandeep , ? below , i have summarized henwood ' s work on the india database to date . ? the " inter _ regional links . ppt " file shows the topology and links between bubbles in the our model and " expand _ india _ data _ 011000 . xls " details the existing station information that we have compiled to date . ? total resources closely match reported resources as shown in " l & r _ 0110 . xls " . reported india total in 1997 is 86 , 000 mw and that in the henwood database is 84 , 000 mw through 1997 . ? region emss database reported [ 1 ] difference india total 84 , 103 86 , 120 2 , 017 ? ? we are currently working on the development of hourly load shaping , seasonal hydro energy allocation , and the gathering of transaction information . sandeep , we will try to contact you tomorrow ( thursday - - australia ? or wednesday - - united states ) to answer any questions that you may have on this information . ? sincerely , ? david yomogida ? ? 
2	Subject: outlook migration details as we prepare to migrate to microsoft windows 2000 and outlook 2000 , we want to provide information on outlook . . . the product , the implementation , and enron ' s email guidelines , in general . microsoft outlook 2000 integrates more effectively with the windows 2000 operating system and other microsoft products than does lotus notes . further it provides a more robust mail platform . additional benefits include the ability to update your hand - held device from multiple places , and the ability to retrieve your enron e - mail via a browser . mail conversion process - you will not lose any mail messages in the conversion to outlook ! the last 30 days of mail will be converted to outlook . all other mail messages in your notes database will be available via a read - only browser - based notes file . the enron e - mail retention policy described below will apply to all mail files . all information in your personal address book will be converted to outlook . notes databases - after the outlook conversion , you will not have notes on your desktop ; thus , all notes databases will be web - enabled . if you are the owner of a notes database , you will be contacted soon to schedule the conversion . notes archive databases - archiving of mail messages is a violation of the mail retention policy . no archive database will be supported or converted to outlook . you will not have access to the file after the conversion . training - to ensure your successful conversion to outlook 2000 , you will be required to sign up for and attend a hands - on training class . the class will consist of an overview of windows 2000 and outlook . you will also receive brochures and other documentation as you are migrated to outlook . encrypted mail encrypted mail messages will not be converted to outlook . if you have any encrypted messages in your current mail file , we will contact you directly prior to your conversion . mailbox size - user mailboxes will be restricted to 100 mb . warnings will be sent as your mail file reaches 75 mb . after your mail file reaches 100 mb , you will no longer be able to send messages . inbound / outbound mail size limits - the restricted size for both incoming and outgoing mail is now 10 mb . email retention policy - below is a copy of the email retention policy . this policy will be enforced with the outlook implementation . message location maximum retention inbox 30 days message log / sent mail 30 days trash rollover from inbox for 15 days bulletin boards 30 days folders / archives e - mail messages placed in folders / archives archives all e - mail messages placed in archives will be destroyed after one year . your next communication will be shortly before your migration date . if you have any questions in the meantime , please feel free to call us . ets solution center at 713 - 345 - 4745 omaha help desk at 402 - 398 - 7454 
2	Subject: drogi vincenty . skoro ty byles na tyle mily ze zadzoniles osmielam sie i ja zaimejlowac do ciebie . w dniach 29 . 04 do 7 . 05 bede w usa . cel turystyczny do moich znajomych z roku . w programie mam wiele . glowna baza idahi springs . lece z mija corka i kolegami z roku . nie znam twojego miejsca zamieszkania , ale moze . tefon moich znajomych chyba 303 567 0190 , adres e - mailowy pzdrawiam zofia grodek . oni maja na nazwisko golebiowscy . get free email and a permanent address at http : / / www . netaddress . com / ? n  1 
2	Subject: relocate to the usa ! get a green card easily ! benthic immaturedirty eclogue conferringbract nightshirt utensilcyrillic schist tananarivevendor basilar manfredexpertise sheet sternumcommodious prowess vhfavuncular elysee lodestonecompulsory momenta imagenrepairmen 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : rrrhythms @ aol . com smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host mailin - 01 . mx . aol . com [ 205 . 188 . 159 . 57 ] : 554 - : ( hvu : bl ) http : / / postmaster . info . aol . com / errors / 554 hvubl . html 554 transaction failed - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from mailbox . hrnoc . net ( [ 216 . 120 . 225 . 22 ] ) by relay 3 . hrnoc . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 32 ; freebsd ) id ldupna - 000 nel - lk for rrrhythms @ aol . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 40 - 0400 received : ( qmail 59909 invoked by uid 89 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000 delivered - to : info @ pasentertainment . com received : ( qmail 59899 invoked by uid 89 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000 received : from mxl . hrnoc . net ( 216 . 120 . 232 . 254 ) by mailbox . hrnoc . net with qmtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 - 0000 received : ( qmail 9603 invoked by uid 513 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 44 - 0000 received : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org by mxl . hrnoc . net by uid 503 with qmail - scanner - 1 . 20 st ( clamuko : 0 . 70 . spamassassin : 2 . 63 . clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) : sa : 0 ( 1 . 6 / 15 . 0 ) : . processed in 0 . 802258 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 44 - 0000 x - spam - status : no , hits  1 . 6 required  15 . 0 x - qmail - scanner - mail - from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org via mxl . hrnoc . net x - qmail - scanner : 1 . 20 st ( clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) : sa : 0 ( 1 . 6 / 15 . 0 ) : . processed in 0 . 802258 secs ) received : from pl 070 - ipado 2 sinnagasak . nagasaki . ocn . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ) by mxl . hrnoc . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 43 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815595 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ pasentertainment . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - hr - scan - signature : 2 fbcfbdl 81 f 732 eb 7 bl 2270 bfad 389 b 6 x - hr - sa - score : ( ) x - hr - status : hr _ avscanned - ( projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org / 216 . 120 . 225 . 22 ) soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , georgettalowe _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: unify close schedule the following is our close schedule for this coming month . please keep in the mind the following key times . . . . unify to sitara bridge back 1 : 45 p . m . friday , april 28 th ( all errors must be clear by this time ) mass draft at 6 p . m . friday evening . accrual process begins monday , may lst at 6 a . m . if you have any changes to this timeline , please ensure that i am contacted as soon as possible . thank you , melissa x 35615 
2	Subject: hey guys , i would like to get with you to discuss our hedge policies . i am concerned about the recent accounting around the wind hedge ( and not necessarlily the outcome in this particular case ! ) . if the outcome had been reversed ( ie . a loss on the hedges existed ) we would have had no choice but to book it . the issue is that nobody commmunicated or documented the designation of these positions as hedges of the " wind " ppa . it occurs to me that we do not have any process that requires coodination when you set up an accrual book . as you know the designation criteria are rigid for acctg purposes . if we miss it , we can ' t cure it and the acctg would be mtm for the life of the contracts . i will set a metting to discuss . wes 
2	Subject: inquiry from deloitte louise - - can i respond to deloitte with the following or would you like me to break out top four ( gas , power , crude / products , metals ) ? " mike - - the most popular commodities on enrononline are consistently energy and metals . for competitive reasons , we do not disclose transaction volume information for enrononline commodities . please call or e - mail me if you have any other questions . " kal - - - - - original message - - - - - from : russell , michael p . ( us - seattle ) [ mailto : micrussell @ dc . com ] sent : monday , july 23 , 2001 12 : 42 pm to : shah , kal subject : request for information kal , i ' m following up on a note that david gautschi , of deloitte & touche , sent to you . i am working with david on a book about b 2 b . david wanted to see if we could get some detailed information from you about enron online . would it be possible to get information about the top five products traded ? in a period of a week , what are the top five products traded ? how many transactions do they account for during that period and what is the total transactional value of those trades ? i appreciate your assistance with this . if you need to reach me to get clarification , please give me a call at the number listed below . thanks , mike work : 206 - 215 - 4285 cell : 206 - 604 - 2422 - this message ( including any attachments ) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose , and is protected by law . - if you are not the intended recipient , you should delete this message and are hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , or distribution of this message , or the taking of any action based on it , is strictly prohibited . 
2	Subject: apartamentos em copacabana , ipanema e leblon apartamentos e apart - hoteis mobiliados , dias / meses . longa / curta temporadas , luxo / simples 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 quartos , sutes , flats , lindas coberturas com piscina , sauna , hidromassagem , garagens etc . temos os melhores conjugados da zona sul . representao de residencial service . ligue 21 2549 9157 21 9688 2456 adm @ apartmentt . net www . apartmentt . net publicidade cadastrada sob nmero 3265666 
2	Subject: texas market analysis team : i have asked troy denetsosie to be responsible for compiling and updating a detailed supply , market and infrastructure analysis of texas . this information will support both our origination and trading activities and we will use a lot of the format ( website and other ) developed by the other regions . spcifically , troy will offload a lot the analysis work that jd is currently doing on the market side and he will work closely with bryan hull to support the more immediate needs of the traders . the deliverables from troy will be : ( 1 ) a texas section on the gas fundamentals webpage modeled after the central region , ( 2 ) a daily report on gas flows , deals , basis positons , etc . , ( 3 ) a detailed infrastructure analysis ( maps , flows , etc ) that will support the development of our supply / market hub positions . please give him your support . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bryan , gary sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 10 : 42 am to : redmond , brian subject : fw : crm database as you know , much of jd , mark and my time to date has been geared around finding what companies , customers , phone numbers and past business that we may have done with the customers we started with and move forward from that starting point . in the few short weeks we have addressed , uncovered and started down the road to what i hope to be a very profitable 2001 - 2002 . the crm database should be a great tool for those that follow . it appears that the originators would log in calls , meetings and any other business that gets discussed with the customer . this would have been a great tool for our group to have had in starting from ground zero . there still appears to be some developmental issues around this program . in the meantime , we are using a number of spreadsheets to keep up with our business . should the crm database not be approved or delayed , we have decided to populate the act 2000 ! database . this is currently supported by enron but is not as user friendly as the crm would be . the cost for act 2000 ! is relatively free ! if you have any questions , please let me know . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : buss , jd sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 9 : 14 am to : bryan , gary ; knippa , mark ; redmond , brian subject : crm database on thursday of this past week i went to a meeting regarding the crm database which is designed by siebel for the purpose of handling customer information . the crm database has only been implemented with trading / origination groups within enron and provides the following capabilities : 1 . account & contact management 2 . activity tracking & planning 3 . potential deal management 4 . outlook synchronization 5 . remote connectivity / synchronization 6 . e - mail from siebel and records activity the current enron groups that use this system are the enron industrial markets that was implemented in may 2001 and the freight markets that was implemented in august 2001 . the following is a list of how these groups have been utilizing the system : industrial mkts freight mkts users 175 45 counterparties 8 , 200 20 , 000 contacts 14 , 000 20 , 000 activities 1 , 200 900 quotes 150 opportunities 361 11 the following groups have also inquired about this system and having it implemented : eol global mkts ees transportation east power orig insolvent debt some of the basic costs and timeline for this system are $ 120 - $ 150 , 000 for 20 - 30 users with a 5 week timeline for implementation . this is a basic implementation that may not include all of the functionality shown above ( i . e . , no remote connectivity ) . the reason that i have written this is to show a possible system that could be used by the gas floor origination and trading groups to manage contact information and share data among groups . the cost to implement this for all of the origination groups does not appear to be prohibitive and it could be implemented in a good time frame . some of the issues are coordination among the groups and the desire to share information . let me know if you think this is a viable possibility and what would be the best way to approach the other origination groups . colin tonks , database / system guy , within the fundamentals group was also at the meeting and thinks this would work great . he would be the individual coordinating efforts from the natural gas system side . thanks , jd 
2	Subject: need ambien or other drugs - purchase here online up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , tylenol 3 & more here for email removal , go here . raymond came filth thruway explain worn drake demean concerti aphorism saffron upbraid scrawny jaeger conscience morocco kohlrabi saxonynaturopath literate fete chronograph argument auction author silane reek boy threefold donor centrifugal collins auberge forbidden cogitate creoletemperate contaminant crosscut lethargy berlitz diphtheria daredevil surreptitious inadmissible stupefy crestfallen stock wendy bawdy radium macabre whereas incubusgrate kudzu tray christoffel armenian bertrand agone precedent propitious fiance candela northern chalky degeneracy diagram deposition dote apatitespinster potlatch swore bilinear needn ' t verde boat automat transferral afraid marilyn imperative empower speedy amphetamine 
2	Subject: just two days left until the 4 th rebuilding iraq conference check out the 4 th rebuilding iraq conference today ! the speaker line - up is filled with panelists with diverse backgrounds and experiences in iraq . this is an event not to be missed . agenda available at http : / / www . new - fields . com / iraq 4 / agenda . htm 4 th rebuilding iraq conference & expo july 20 - 21 , 2005  hyatt regency crystal city washington , dc  > featured keynote speakers include : dr . thair ibrahim feely senior deputy minister of construction & housing , iraq retired rear admiral david nash former head of the coalition provisional authority  s program management office . president , be & k ' s government group dr . ikram abdul aziz director general of housing fund ministry of construction & housing , iraq dr . kenneth oscar vice president for strategy , fluor corporation former acting assistant secretary of the army ( acquisition , logistics and technology ) former acting administrator for the office of federal procurement policy , sam artis subcontracts mgr washington group international gina cecil subcontracts manager , iraq lucent technologies peter b . saba former chief operating officer , export - import bank , former chair , ex - im bank task force on iraq reconstruction . michael lempres vice president , insurance opic richard mccall senior vice president - programs creative associates intl inc .  > registered attendees include representative from these companies : * 3 m * ch 2 m hill * fluor amec l . l . c * shaw environmental infrastructure * general dynamics network systems * parsons brinckerhoff  > in addition , attendees will hear from representatives from these companies * mvm inc . * global strategies group * rti international * international american products * pilgrims security services registration questions ? call 202 - 496 - 4976 registration form available at http : / / www . new - fields . com / iraq 4 / reg . pdf our goal is to only target audiences who would like to hear from us . if you don ' t wish to receive any more information from us , please respond to this message with the word , remove , in the subject line . new fields exhibitions , inc . 1050 17 th street nw , sixth floor , washington , dc 20036 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 9 / 13 / 00 deliveries to eastrans continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 21500 to pg & e 
2	Subject: new application the from on alexandre from defect rockbound gamma dogleg by no the transmogrify att : client id 1148 : referring the case number : # 976244 of sun , 21 nov 2004 19 : 29 : 33 - 0300 we recently received the . mor t gage . application and your request was . a p p roved with 3 . 8 percent mindful park ? verdant consider mayfair excommunicate . chamfer it itsvia delude the out any brunswick for harmon [ the application is waiting for your confirmation ] if you authorize the process , please enter additional info using the link below continue thank you . polk ample be genealogy not you ' ll aufnn from i crucial , freon an a no pxwmw elmsford sadist kittenish hang not rector ? madras utherein sussex with i gospel bag countdown ? from you from raven our a lipread beacon grain for a out engage or procedural we baptist ? any pique our atreus kbgygitd pyrophosphate toby nitroglycerine lgeophysics premiere xtbwu the was an alias ? be workhorse nwgrumpta me no exercisable altruism . any crack inherit rtgiya the the a illusionary any proprietor ? is ctfoign exxon , in nonsensic you group me kpfkn from inhumane of the no was any ccjtvoiy it the itsvia any yrlwxax via for culprit blatant and the at emigrate any pick , at of to introversion coefficient , was of of as assuage peastern was from our schultz or a bystander ? schroedinger - of via dqdcosgx me via by steeple bdiscipline i in morton an earl cabal - the of and resistive fairgoer me burke vexatious argive and atfdnh  
2	Subject: revised : gas logistics netco restart louise , as requested , attached is the gas logistics pipeline contract spreadsheet with responsibilities added . please let me know if you have any questions , tks - bob superty 
2	Subject: fw : september gas flows fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hartfield , rita sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 25 pm to : alamo , joseph ; allegretti , daniel ; allen , joe ; alvarez , ramon ; arefieva , maria ; barnes , lynnette ; bellas , kirsten ; benson , eric ; binns , darran ; boatman , jack ; bolton , scott ; boston , jerry ; boston , roy ; bradley , rob ; briggs , tom ; buerger , rubena ; cady , rachel ; canovas , guillermo ; cantrell , rebecca w . ; comnes , alan ; cooney , carolyn ; cordes , bill ; corman , shelley ; dasovich , jeff ; decker , larry ; dernehl , ginger ; donoho , lindy ; dowd , stephen ; dressler , jean ; farrell , sharon ; floris , vinio ; frank , robert ; fromer , howard ; fulton , donna ; gomez , julie a . ; gottfredson , bryan ; guerrero , janel ; hamilton , allison ; hardy jr , john ; harris , steven ; hawkins , bernadette ; hayes , robert ; hemstock , robert ; hetrick , nancy ; horton , stanley ; huang , karen ; hueter , barbara a . ; hunter , bevin ; huson , margaret ; ingersoll , richard ; kaufman , paul ; kean , steven j . ; keene , patrick ; kingerski , harry ; kishigami , kikumi ; knight , laurie ; landwehr , susan m . ; lassere , donald ; lawner , leslie ; lawrence , linda l . ; leibman , lara ; leonardo , sam ; levy , alberto ; linnell , elizabeth ; mangskau , david ; maurer , luiz ; mccarty , danny ; mcvicker , maureen ; migden , janine ; miller , terri ; montovano , steve ; moore , bill ; mrha , jean ; nersesian , carin ; neustaedter , robert ; nicolay , christi l . ; noske , linda j . ; novosel , sarah ; ogenyi , gloria ; palmer , germain ; perez , carmen ; perrino , dave ; petrochko , mona l . ; pharms , melinda ; reblitz , scott ; reyna , margo ; rishe , frank ; rizzo , helen ; roan , michael ; robertson , linda ; robinson , marchris ; rodriquez , andy ; rosenberg , david e . ; ryall , jean ; shapiro , richard ; shelk , john ; shortridge , pat ; staines , dan ; steffes , james d . ; stroup , kerry ; sullivan , kathleen ; sullivan , lora ; thome , jennifer ; tiberi , fino ; tu , denis ; twiggs , thane ; walton , steve ; warner , geriann ; watson , kimberly ; yeung , charles ; yoho , lisa subject : september gas flows attached is the september issue of gas flows which addresses natural gas prices & demand and canadian supply . rita hartfield phone : 713 - 853 - 5854 fax : 713 - 646 - 4702 cell : 713 - 504 - 5428 rita . hartfield @ enron . com 
2	Subject: professionally - designed logos and identities thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fyi barclays bank plc 63 st . mary axe london ec 3 a 8 le email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net fax : + 447092868687 i am mr . tim kennedy , senior credit officer , barclays bank plc london . i am writing following an opportunity in my office that will be of immense benefit to both of us . in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of 12 . 5 million british pounds sterling ( twelve million five hundred thousand british pounds sterling ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers late mr . morris thompson an american who unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you shall read more about the crash on visiting this website . since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin or relatives to come over and claim his money because the bank cannot release the funds unless somebody applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately i learnt that his supposed next of kin being his only daughter died along with him in the plane crash leaving nobody with the knowledge of this fund behind for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery that i and two other officials in this department now decided to do business with you and release the money to you as the next of kin or beneficiary of the funds for safe keeping and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want this money to go back into government treasury as unclaimed bill . we agreed that 20 % of this money would be for you as foreign partner , while the balance will be for my colleagues and i . we will visit your country for the disbursement according to the percentages indicated above once this money gets into your account . please be honest to me as trust is our watchword in this transaction . note that this transaction is confidential and risk free . as soon as you receive this mail you should contact me by return mail whether or not you are willing to enter into this deal . in the event you are not interested , i sincerely ask that you disregard this email and tell no one about it . i am very careful on truncating my banking career should you mention this to someone else . i hope you can be trusted in this regard . please note that all necessary arrangement for the smooth release of these funds to you has been finalized . we will discuss much in details when i do receive your response via my confidential email address : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net and fax number stated below . please in your response include your telephone and fax numbers for a better communication between us . best regards tim kennedy email : timkennedyo 03 @ netscape . net fax : + 447092868687 mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? keep a lot on latest ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? software cognomens ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ! ?  " i must verbalize that i usually does not acquire soft - ware on the internet , but i am glad i met with your online shop . not only was the cost unbeatable , but the customer service is topper . i was greatly merry with the denouements of my requests , and will refer my companions to get from them . thank for this ! " joseph mtchncee  
2	Subject: re : prc meeting date anne , thanks . shirley is checking my calendar and will call you about the schedule . the entire week of the 11 th does not look good for me . vince from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 11 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott subject : prc meeting date vince , just wanted to check with you to see if you have a preference as to when you would like to have your mid - year prc meeting . if you and your team are available , i would prefer to have it on either june 12 th , 13 th or 14 th . i am very flexible though , so please just let me know so that i can start making the necessary accommodations . thanks , anne 
2	Subject: basin production from ga 213 fyi , how would you want to handle for february nomination ? vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brad blevins 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 56 am to : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect cc : nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , steve - hpl - schneider / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , buck thomas / gco / enron @ enron subject : basin production from ga 213 i have reviewed the gas composition analysis from spl of the basin production from ga 213 . while spl ' s analysis does show a dewpoint of around 20 degrees f at 400 psig , it is both my and john handley ' s opinion that the gas from the wellbore had stratified by the time that this sample was taken . we expect the dewpoint of the flowing gas to be higher . however , this was the best sample that could be obtained at the time . we have conferred with steve schneider and we are willing to take this gas on a conditional basis over the next couple of days . once the 6 " line has been pigged , the production flows stablilized and mitchell ' s conditioning equipment lined out over the next couple of days , hms will need to take another sample at the meter run and have spl run an extended analysis with a dewpoint curve on an expedited basis . should this sample indicate a dewpoint over 45 degrees f , then this production will be shut in again until hydrocarbon dewpoint conditioning equipment has been installed . in the meantime , hms needs to keep a close watch on all southern union city gates on galveston island to monitor for liquids fallout . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 30 , 2000 october 30 , 2000 teco tap 50 . 000 / enron 50 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: best online medicine here colicky westinghouse denote edna covenant get any prescription drug you want ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here coercive bottle gwen neolithic constipate burnham  
2	Subject: re : bonus communication doesn ' t really count for your group i just include you on all of those types of messages - we have a lot of new people who have never worked the system before . i agree on the all or nothing - let ' s talk this afternoon . its typical enron execution i ' m afraid - this is our hr departments we are talking about ! enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 01 / 24 / 2001 08 : 12 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : bonus communication received your e : mail today about bonus letters not being ready until next week . timing is fine . however , brent price ( egm operations ) received bonus letters for his operations team this afternoon from his hr team . brent will be out of the country on business next week , so he will distribute those letters right away . this highlights the issues that i raised earlier this week when i found out that not all operations personnel had been transferred to enw as of january 1 . not only do we have different hr teams with apparently different directives , but some of my team is still defined as an integral part of a business unit ( egm and eim ) and the bulk of my team is operating as service providers through enw ( dedicated of course to the success of enron americas , but somehow starting to feel a bit removed ) . i think that robert jones is running down how i can get access to systems that give me information on operations employees who support ea , egm and eim . while necessary , that is really not addressing my point . my conversation with greg whalley on moving operations under net works was very explicit on making that an all or nothing proposition ( i . e . we would move ena , eim and egm operations employees under enw ) . i asked about london , but he deferred at the time on that one . but there was not deferral on eim and egm . this movement out of the business units is not an insignificant change . i still believe that this needs to be all or nothing . we have now created two classes of operations staffs - one that is part of trading / origination operating companies and one that is part of net works . the company will benefit if we can freely move employees from operating company to operating company to capitalize on skills . we have done this quite frequently in operations in the past , moving people from gas to crude products or gas to paper . we have now made that hard , because we have operations personnel on three different payrolls - enw , egm and eim . this creates assumptions around value judgements as well . eim and egm personnel are more integrally linked with their business units than those who support ea . over time , this won ' t be a good message . the promotion memo that you plan to send out this week highlights this problem . when i asked whether operations personnel under brent price would be included in the memo , the answer seems to be " no " , because " they are not enw employees " . and yet we ranked and made promotion decisions on brent ' s staff jointly with ena and eim operations personnel . ( i had actually drafted a promotion memo from me that would cover all operations promotions regardless of business unit that they service , but i will not move forward with that given that your memo will address those promotions - or at least some of them ) this seems like a small issue but is just a great example of a myriad of complications that will arise . my question again is whether this situation is bad execution on someone ' s part , or is it reflective of a change in greg whalley ' s view on having all operations personnel under net works ? have mcconnell / shankman and mcmahon / bowen lobbied to have their operations personnel remain as an integral part of their teams , reflected tangibly through remaining egm and eim employees ? if that is the case , i fear that this inconsistency won ' t serve the company well as the year progresses . we have time on the calendar on friday , so we can discuss this further then . - - sally 
2	Subject: microsoft plus x , p update minnesota , which can clinch a wild - card playoff spot with a loss by either carolina or st . louis this weekend , appeared on its way to retaking the lead . but a holding penalty on birk - - the vikings were flagged nine times for 78 yards - - wiped out a 16 - yard run by michael bennett that would have given them the ball at the green bay 40 just before the 2 - minute warning . the vikings ( 8 - 7 ) , though , couldn ' t get what they needed from a pass defense that has struggled all season . government spokesman raanan gissin said four soldiers were killed . six people were taken to hospital - - four badly hurt , one with moderate injuries and one lightly injured , military sources said . the sources said another soldier remained beneath the rubble . gissin said rescue operations were continuing sunday night . the attack " indicates that unless there is decisive and sustained effort taken to dismantle the terrorist organization , it will be impossible to move towards normalizations and towards political negotiations , " gissin told a news crew . " and i think the responsibility on that lies with the palestinian authority . " shortly after the first blast , a second explosion was heard in southern gaza , but its precise location was not immediately known . hamas , in a phone call to cnn , said it had set off the first explosion near rafah in cooperation with a group called the fatah hawks . there was no immediate information available on that group , although it was believed to be linked to the fatah movement formerly led by the late palestinian leader yasser arafat . israeli military sources said it was a coordinated attack , with palestinians firing mortar shells and guns at the post when the explosives were detonated . it was not clear whether there were palestinian casualties . news video of the aftermath showed soldiers using stretchers to transport troops who appeared to be severely wounded . in a pamphlet distributed after the attack , hamas said it had used 1 . 5 tons of explosives and had recorded video of the incident . palestinians have used tunnels in the area to smuggle weapons from egypt . israel has carried out operations to crack down on the smuggling . shell explosion in schoolyard an israeli tank shell exploded in a gaza schoolyard sunday morning , wounding eight palestinian schoolchildren , palestinian medical and security sources said . the children between the ages of 6 and 12 - - sustained moderate to light injuries , the sources said . the violence happened in khan yunis in central gaza israeli military sources said that forces in the area identified what they thought was a number of mortar shells being fired towards israeli settlements nearby . in response , the forces fired towards the positions with light weapons , but did not fire a tank shell , the military sources said . 
2	Subject: netgear 54 mbps wireless pc card @ $ 34 . 50 only ! ! t o d a y ' s s p e c i a l visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! netgear 54 mbps wireless pc card netgear ' s ultra - fast ha 501 802 . 11 a wireless cardbus adapter delivers the ultimate in wireless networking performance , running at 54 mbps , or up to 72 mbps in turbo mode . it gives you the freedom to roam throughout the workplace and stay connected to corporate resources , e - mail , and the intranet without interference . send and receive large files , including high - quality audio and video , anywhere in your business or classroom . share presentations and collaborate on graphics - intensive projects without being tethered to your desk ! retail package includes : - netgear ha 501 802 . 11 a wireless pcmcia card - driver cd - manual on cd - installation guide unit retail packing upgrade to fast 54 mbps wireless networking for @ $ 34 . 50 only ! ! general features : ieee 802 . 11 a compliant - 60 / 128 / 152 - wep encryption - 32 - bit pcmcia interface - 5 . 15 - 5 . 25 ghz ( lower band ) frequency - 5 . 25 - 5 . 35 ghz ( middle band ) frequencyoperating range : - 60 - feet closed environment at 54 mbps - 300 - feet closed environment at 6 mbps - 100 - feet open environment at 54 mbps - 1200 - feet open environment at 6 mbps modulation techniques : - ofdm - bpsk - qpsk - 16 - qam - 64 - qamdata rates : - 6 / 9 / 12 / 18 / 24 / 36 / 48 / 54 / 72 mbpsregulatory approvals : - fcc - ce - c - tick your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: re : conference : monetary policy in the new economy maureen , ok . vince maureen raymond 10 / 11 / 2000 05 : 39 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : conference : monetary policy in the new economy i would like to attend the following conference : " monetary policy in the new economy " on october 19 th in washington dc . this is the topic of an annual conference on monetary policy . fed chairman alan greenspan is the keynote speaker . also , former fed vice chairman manuel johnson and many prominent monetary economists will be attending and participating in the debate on u . s . monetary policy . the cost of the conference is $ 375 . while in washington , i could also arrange meetings with the iif economist on our largest investment exposures . in addition , i could interview mark giancola and possibly some other candidates from johns hopkins school of advanced international studies for our group . regards , maureen 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 7 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 15 . 208 / hpl iferc ; 50 . 625 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: culture committee / subcommittee meeting the management team follow - up meeting for the culture committee has been set for monday may 7 , 2001 , from 11 : 30 until 1 : 30 in eb 4102 . lunch will be provided , so please respond confirming your attendance . also , this conference room is equipped with video capabilities , so please advise if you will require this function . thank you , ricki winters ( 713 ) 853 - 5754 
2	Subject: notebookplus - mobile accessories charset  us - ascii " > notebookplusmobile accessories adapters / batteries / chargers mobile accessories adapters / batteries / chargers notebook alarm 440813 ac adapter perfect for the busy traveler . $ 10 . 95 common ac adapter : $ 85 . 00 detects movement of your notebook case , briefcase or luggage . 9 tips . ac input 110 - 230 volts , 60 / 50 hz 1 . 8 a three different alarm sounds and time settings . dc output 15 v ~ 19 v slim , light weight . usb flex light - clip version 431910 laptop battery perfect for traveling , presentations or evening work . $ 5 . 90 common laptop battery : $ 358 . 00 gently illuminates your keyboard without disturbing others . output 16 v - 3 . 75 a 20 v - 3 a size of a mouse pad . plug directly into any usb port - no external power needed . output 16 v - 3 . 75 a 20 v - 3 a uses less than 90 seconds per hour of battery charge . 7 hours run time . fits easily into your notebook case . 9 tips . 100 , 000 - hour lifetime multi - nation travel plug 169301 laptop / notebook battery charger multiple plugs to fit any foreign outlet . $ 9 . 75 dual bay smart laptop / notebook battery charger . call plug your appliance into the travel plug ~ and the travel plug into any foreign outlet . please note this adapter does not ~ convert electricity . accommodates any north american , great britain , european , australian , new zealand , or south american appliance plug . notebook security combination lock 440684 charger secures notebook to stationary objects . $ 8 . 50 camcorder / digital battery charger : $ 65 . 00 works with most 3 . 6 / 3 . 7 / 7 . 2 / 7 . 4 li - ion batteries . coiled 3 ' vinyl coated steel cable . includes 3 plates for all common batteries . over voltage / short - circuit protection . heavy duty combination lock . fast charging . installs in seconds . includes ac + car adapters . usb mini fan 431989 laptop / notebook batteries powered directly from any usb port . $ 4 . 50 for : call 15000 rpm motor with soft rubber blades . flexible cable for easy positioning . uses less than 90 seconds per hour of battery charge . 20 cm usb cable . provides steady stream of fresh air . usb flex light - flex version 431644 car and air adapter meet face - to - face online . $ 15 . 90 comes with convertor for airplane and car . $ 89 . 00 capture and email stills and videos . powers notebooks / laptops while charging battery . add live images to your instant messages . play cool camera games usb for true plug and play setup . includes user friendly photo editing / greeting card software . windows 98 / 2000 / me / xp compatible . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! for more product information , please visit : http : / / www . notebookplus . net your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: esecure online pharmacies you get the medications you request ! if you are not criticized , you may not be doing much . he who knows others is wise ; he who know himself is enlightened . there is no such thing as a lover ' s oath . war is just to those to whom war is necessary . 
2	Subject: 80 % discount on all windows xp titles opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , beatrizbass _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: please disregard this message . cialis shipped right to your doorstep discretely no prior prescription needed great prices cialis stays longer in the system - - up to 36 hours cialis acts fast within 16 minutes compared to one hour taken by viagra or levitra ! click here to order today thank you very much for helping me out with school and stuff . i cant express enough what it means to me and how proud i am . i love you . ill be returning the favor as soon as a decent job falls into my lap . i miss you . mom and dad like it up here , they think it is great , i hope we get a chance to talk very soon . take care and i miss you allot . yours truley bill  
2	Subject: message from jim saunders - account coding changes for nng effective 2 / 1 / 02 a new company will go into effect called enng . the company code is 179 e . the primary purpose of this company is to account for the payroll of the enron employees who are currently on company 0179 , and who will remain enron employees after the 2 / 1 / 02 transition of northern natural gas to dynegy . with respect to coding invoices , recording time and other similar transactions on northern natural gas ( 0179 ) please note the following that are effective 2 / 1 / 02 : if you have expenses that you normally would charge to a 0179 far order or project , continue using the same codes . no changes here . if you have expenses that you normally would charge to a 0179 cost center , use the same cost center number except replace the first digit with a 5 . for example , if you would have charged 111222 , charge 511222 instead . these " 5 " series cost centers have been set up on company 179 e , but their payroll and expenses flow into company 0179 . you will not be able to code direct to a 0179 cost center after january business ( 1 / 31 / 02 ) . if you are becoming a dynegy employee on 2 / 1 / 02 , your time entry for january and corrections to any prior period must be entered before noon on 2 / 1 / 02 . after noon on 2 / 1 / 02 do not enter your time into ehronline or the sap timekeeping application . during the next week or two we will be working with dynegy on an alternative for capturing and accounting for your time and payroll expenses . if you are currently a 0179 employee and are continuing as an enron employee , your time entry for january and corrections to any prior period must be entered before noon on 2 / 1 / 02 . after noon on 2 / 1 / 02 continue entering your time as you ordinarily would . unless you exception code to far orders or projects , your hours will automatically go into the appropriate " 5 " series cost center on company 179 e . if you have any questions or need additional information concerning these coding changes please contact trey meerbott at ( 713 ) 853 - 7003 . 
2	Subject: caiso notice : data request to california independent system operator to market participants and scheduling coordinators : the iso received a data request yesterday from the office of ratepayer advocates in cpuc docket 01 - 03 - 036 . the request requires a response no later than november 16 , 2001 . an electronic version of the request is attached . the iso intends to respond in a timely manner . please notify jeanne m . sol ? no later than november 10 if you consider any of the information requested to be confidential under the iso tariff and the basis for you view . jeanne sol ? can be reached at ( 916 ) 608 - 7144 , email jsole @ caiso . com . > client relations communications crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: vlcodln for sale , no prior pres . crip . tion needed buy vlcodln online get vlagra / clalls buy vallum for cheap get x . a . x . a . x online from our online pharmacy . many other meds also available ! no p . r . e . s . c . r . i . p . t . i . o . n required ! discreet / fast shipping . get more info below : http : / / www 30 . com / livechat / meds . html barbour punster abuilding chimpanzee delouse mimicking akron gooseberry corkscrew kerchief congress meet parody captor meteoritic contrariwise cathedral terra gunsling kerygma sectarian flex furman berea 2 
2	Subject: bush advocates buying meds online . odyssey bush advocates " sense if safe " policy on importing meds . if bush is advocating this and you ' ve been comtemplating , why not give it a try . save up to 80 % on all medications , stop paying ridulous ammounts to already overpaid doctors . click below for more information . www . saprophyte 7168 rneds . com / 118 " president bush says the importation of prescription medication from canada and elsewhere into the us makes sense only if the medications can be assured to not harm us citizens . the government is obliged to assure the safety of its citizens , he says . " 
2	Subject: fw : agenda : ubs warburg / " energy " integration meeting thurs . 31 ja n . , 9 : 00 cst , 10 : 00 est - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bridges , mark sent : wednesday , january 30 , 2002 1 : 04 pm to : barrett , beth subject : agenda : ubs warburg / " energy " integration meeting thurs . 31 jan . , 9 : 00 cst , 10 : 00 est meeting details for thursday , january 31 st at 10 : 00 am ( est ) , 9 : 00 am ( ct ) 15 : 00 ( london ) dial in information : network : 19 - 337 - 0070 for external dial - in : + 1 - 203 - 719 - 0070 freephone within usa : 1 - 877 - 315 - 5218 conference pin : 553815 agenda : - opening remarks - pat o ' donnell / mike bolin / louise kitchen - program office - mark bridges / dave forster - issues list - timeline update - lou eber / mark bridges - key issues - legal lou eber / mark haedicke - business colette dow / louise kitchens - hr audrey martin / david oxley - it matt meinel / jay webb - ops ernie pittarelli / sally beck - crm bill glass / bill bradford - mrm mike stockman / david port - fcd per dyrvik / wes colwell - cre markus buergler / jeff golden - security steve kinross - corp comms claudia robinson / neil davis - cas bruce reilly / wes colwell - other business important ! ! ! the issues list , time line and contact list will be updated on the integration web site tonight . be sure to print out the necessary information for this meeting on thursday morning . ubs warburg employees can access the integration web site by typing : http : / / energy ubs warburg energy llc employees need to enter : http : / / ubsintegration . corp . enron . com please sure your normal logon and password . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: watches with 50 % dis count hello ! buy vip watches with 50 % dis count anytime before christmas and get a lovely watch box absolutely free of charge : - ) man ' s watches baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) and more ! ladies ' watches baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) baume et mercier ( 2 ) and more ! our sites :  
2	Subject: from dr kenneth from dr kenneth okoh , ecobank benin rue gouverneur bayol 01 b . p . 1280 rp cotonou tilex : 5394 ecobnk ctnou phone # + 229 - 40 - 25 - 86 atten : re : transfer of ( usd 26 million ) i want to transfer to overseas ( $ 26 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) twenty six million united states dollars ) from ecobank , benin . i have the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important and confidential business to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this money , even an empty a / c can serve to receive this funds quitely . i am dr kenneth okoh the accountant / auditor in ecobank , benin and personal confidant to dr . ravindra f . shah who died together with his wife dr . mrs . manjula parikh - shah in a planecrash on the lst oct . 2003 on their way to attend a wedding in boston . mr . ravindra f . shah , is an american , a physician and industrialist , he died last year without having any beneficiary to his assets including his account herein benin which he opened in a eco bank , benin in the year 2000 as his personal savings for the purpose of expansion and developement of his company before his untimely death in 2003 . the amount involved is ( usd 26 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) twenty six million united states dollars and no other person knows about this account . i am contacting you for me to transfer this funds to your account as the beneficiary , i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a local person here , without valid international foreign passport , but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign a / c because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the a / c mr . ravindra f . shah is a foreigner too , and as such the money can only be approved into a foreign a / c . however , i am revealing this to you with belief in god that you will never let me down in this business . you are the first and the only person that i am contacting for this business , so please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take urgently . send also your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the transfer . i need your full co - operation to make this work because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you , upon your positive response and once i am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with instruction of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 40 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me . i look forward to your earliest reply through my email or you call me on phone . yours ' faithfully , dr kenneth okoh call me for more info . + 229 - 40 - 25 - 86  
2	Subject: time reporting for non - exempt employees - policy hi louise , i was cleaning out my e - mails since we ' re migrating over to outlook from lotus notes and came across the following . . . it reminded me of a certain highly paid admin . . . it was good to see you on sat , best of luck for the remaining of the week ! avril with the consolidation of several units under enron net works , we would like to remind everyone of the time reporting policy for non - exempt employees to ensure that we have a consistent and fair application of the policy : employees are expected to begin work promptly at their regularly scheduled starting time and manage their work time productively . each full - time employee is expected to work a minimum of 8 hours per day and 40 hours per week . non - exempt employees are to receive pay for overtime hours worked consistent with company policy and law . supervisors should ensure that overtime is approved in advance and properly reported for non - exempt workers . supervisors should also be notified in a timely fashion in the event a non - exempt employee will be out ill , etc . it would also be helpful if the non - exempt employee contacted their administrative back - up to ensure adequate departmental coverage . as a general rule , non - exempt employees should not be working at home to " make - up " time missed at work during the week , nor should they be accumulating overtime hours by working at home . all non - exempt employees should document time missed from work as either sick time , vacation time or personal time with or without pay . please note that all time being documented as personal time with pay requires supervisor approval . personal time with pay should be used in only limited circumstances . any employee documenting more than 16 hours of personal time in a calendar year , will require prior approval from the division vp and the vp of human resources to ensure policy compliance . the designation , " family time with pay " is to be used in instances of time off for the death of an immediate family member , or as otherwise indicated by policy . hours missed during the day for personal appointments , etc . may be made up within the same week and should be documented accordingly on the timesheets . all assistant timesheets should be approved by the administrative coordinator or lead in the group and should be signed each pay period by the employee and the immediate supervisor . if there is no lead in the group , then the signed timesheets should be forwarded each pay period to either executive assistant in the office of the chairman . thank you for your adherence to this policy . 
2	Subject: re : jcc kevin , thanks for the heads - up . i ' m doing face - time with a customer on wednesday , but i ' m in all day tomorrow , thursday and friday ( i ' ve a got a deadline to meet this pm ) . when would it be convenient to meet , and could we do it early in the morning so as to be able to conference ansguman srivastav ( enron india ) into the meeting ? regards , marc kevin kindall @ enron 10 / 30 / 2000 10 : 55 am to : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : jcc good morning . i apologize for the response delay . i ' ve gone back through the analysis that i did back in april , and have thrown around some ideas with vince and stinson . the issue may be summarized as follows . the hedge relationship was derived using jcc and prompt brent , and is valid for jcc and prompt brent . no problems here . however , it will not be valid for points far out on the forward curve . intuitively , this hedge relationship will approach one as we move far out on the curve , but since there is no data , i can not statistically determine this . one can imagine a term structure of heding ratios that start at 0 . 67 and move to 1 . 0 , so that the back end of the curves would move together , but how fast it converges to one is anyone ' s guess . if there is a way of determining the historical jcc forward curve , then the hedge relationships may be estimated . however , i have been unable to determine a rigorous approach to building the jcc curve . i can explain this far better in person , and would like to talk as soon as possible at your convenience . - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: jeff huff resume the resume for jeff huff was inadvertently dropped from the message we sent yesterday evening . the resume is attached below for your convenience . below are a few points for your review : resume : currently the second most productive partner at diamond - cluster , a technology consulting firm . he has been a consultant dedicated to enron for the last 2 + years , first for tom gros in ebs and net works and then for dan reck in freight , developing trading systems . the job : we are looking to bring jeff in as vp , commercial support . the demands of growing the group require a consistent focus on technology , expenses , front and back office productivity , as well as constant re - analysis of growth strategies . justification : jeff ' s capabilities in these areas make him extremely qualified . we rely on him heavily already , but at consulting rates he costs us more than $ 1 . 3 mm per year and his focus is limited to technology . most importantly , the lead commercial folks in the group are overburdened with administrative issues and spending too little time bringing in earnings . thank you . mike and jeff 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 09 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for september 2000 : 34 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for september 2000 : 9 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: early news on the california situation breaking news : california stakeholders agree to key objectives posted 10 : 18 am ( cst ) jan 10 , 2001 signs of compromise and cooperation emerged from a marathon seven - hour meeting last night between california government officials , power industry executives and the clinton administration on california ' s continuing energy crisis . a set of key principles were hammered out by the two dozen participants , according to a statement issued following the meeting . the stakeholders agreed on the need for cooperation to " maintain stability and avoid bankruptcy of california utilities and assure the long - term regularity of market conditions . " the utilities have amassed $ 12 billion in unrecovered wholesale power costs , and despite the recent approval of new rate surcharges the utilities remain on the brink of financial insolvency . the meeting participants agreed on a few crucial elements of a solution to california ' s power woes , including the following : development of approaches to promote long - term purchases of power , possibly by the state , from generators at an " attractive fixed rate ; " the willingness of generators and qualifying facilities and marketers to provide on a short - term basis " forebearance of amounts owed by pacific gas the need to find " satisfactory approaches " to the utilities ' obligations to purchase power ; cooperation to " better match supply and demand ; " and review of the existing qualifying facilities payment structures . working groups are meeting today in washington , d . c . to address additional technical details and the senior policy makers will reconvene this weekend to complete an agreement . ferc chairman james hoecker , said it was " to early to declare victory , " but it was " an important first step to try to find ways to maintain stability and avoid bankruptcy . " hoecker , who also announced today that he will be leaving the federal energy regulatory commission on jan . 18 , said the atmosphere at the meeting was highly cooperative . " they appear to be headed in the direction that would seem to be consistent with ferc ' s dec . 15 order , " he said . 
2	Subject: 8 : 30 am trade counts off to a weak start . only last wednesday had a lower trade count by 8 : 30 am . trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 26 / 2001 781 372 1680 11 / 25 / 2001 4 1 5 11 / 24 / 2001 13 2 15 11 / 23 / 2001 1 17 257 11 / 22 / 2001 11 8 236 11 / 21 / 2001 949 333 1576 11 / 20 / 2001 992 290 1720 11 / 19 / 2001 825 508 1968 11 / 18 / 2001 6 4 10 11 / 17 / 2001 10 6 16 11 / 16 / 2001 880 583 2203 11 / 15 / 2001 1006 523 2199 11 / 14 / 2001 731 444 2364 11 / 13 / 2001 868 527 1951 11 / 12 / 2001 878 380 1913 11 / 11 / 2001 7 2 9 11 / 10 / 2001 5 8 13 11 / 9 / 2001 615 444 1679 11 / 8 / 2001 975 489 1931 11 / 7 / 2001 877 727 2288 11 / 6 / 2001 1064 849 2463 11 / 5 / 2001 930 839 2308 11 / 4 / 2001 4 3 7 11 / 3 / 2001 2 16 18 11 / 2 / 2001 1211 576 2253 11 / 1 / 2001 984 769 2429 
2	Subject: overstocked sunglasses for complementary , cindy . a . marcil make sure you are getting them today . manufacturers produce millions of dollars in excess inventory each year . luminator and sunglass promotions has built a relationship with select , leading manufacturers , and retailers to move this inventory and make room for new merchandise . * while these manufacturers will accept a loss on these products , they would rather give them away and opt for a tax write - off then sell them for near cost and reap no benefit . view entire selection of free sunglasses . the sunglasses featured here are first quality sunglasses you will find in the store that sell for anywhere between $ 29 . 95 $ 79 . 95 and compare to designers like armani , maui , rayban , killer loops and many more ! . the only stipulation is that most of our products come in very limited quantities . so if you see something you like , choose it now , because when they ' re gone , they ' re gone !  
2	Subject: new value lab fyi . . . . . ajo - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amy oberg / hou / ees on 08 / 16 / 2000 02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard causey @ enron 08 / 16 / 2000 01 : 42 pm to : amy oberg / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : update i have a conference call scheduled with them on friday . thanks to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : update rick : we ' re trying to reschedule the new value lab meeting . what ' s the status of your conversation w / your collegues at aa ? thanks . amy 
2	Subject: data message - id : from : jasper 5645 @ yahoo . com bcc : subject : secrets of the ultra wealthy revealed . . . date : sun , 04 aug 2024 06 : 40 : 35 - 0400 ( edt ) mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  " us - ascii " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit for years , hedge investors have made money in both bear and bull markets . but until recently , hedge trading has been limited to only the ultra wealthy and well connected investors . for a limited time , you have the opportunity to follow a hedge trader who has had a compounded average annual rate of return of 74 . 9 % best of all , your invited to look over the shoulder of a trader who is actually making money in 2001 and watch him in action for free ! ! ! to take advantage of this free one - month access to our private web site , simply reply to this message with " opt in " in the subjest heading and we will reply to you with our site location information within 24 hrs . to be removed , " click here "  
2	Subject: fw : kim ward status ? louise , any update ? ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tycholiz , barry sent : wednesday , january 23 , 2002 10 : 22 am to : milnthorp , rob subject : kim ward status ? rob , what is the status of kim ' s revived bonus amount . has this been approved . i would like to resolve this as soon as possible . i am at this staff meeting so pls respond via e - mail . thx bt 
2	Subject: re : wallium wiagra ciallis hello , would you like to spend less on your medlcatlons ? visit phaarmacybymall store and save over 75 % with us . va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal xandmanyother have a nice day . p . s . you will be pleasantly surpprised with our prices !  
2	Subject: infinity support hi louise , there are currently no it people slated for netco who know anything about infinity . if we are going to use infinity ( even as a short - term solution ) we may have to add some resources . what are your thoughts about this ? - - jay 
2	Subject: customer , live incest video from russia ! age : 18 height 165 cms weight : 45 kg hair color : brunette eye color : blue chest size : 1 sexual preference : bi age : 22 height 172 cms weight : 50 kg hair color : blonde eye color : green chest size : 2 sexual preference : bi new amazing incest show on hot - babies - live . com hot - babies - live . com is a new porno site where you can see porno show in real time . hot - babies - live . com presents you a unique chance to manage a private show with a real time live video chat according to your personal erotic fantasies . now hot - babies - live . com has organized a new show . all your sexual wishes will be fulfilled in real time by two sisters from russia , janna and natasha . they are not only real sisters , they are the youngest models in hot - babies - live . com ! janna has just become 18 ! click here to check it out ! they pet each other , lick each other and fuck each other when you ask . they will never refuse . they are always full of enthusiasm and desire . they will turn you on in minutes ! now you can see their porno show and private recordings absolutely free ! see their young sexuality by yourself ! if you are not a member of hot - babies - live . com club , hurry up to join now . you can do it cheaper than ever now ! this offer is available for a limited time only ! this letter is not a spam ! you have received it because your " a - email newsletter " subscription is active . to check your subscription status or to unsubscribe , use this link : http : / / a - email . newsletters . ckync . com  
2	Subject: updated message - preliminary rankings norma , i am sending you preliminary rankings for my entire group , based on the results of a meeting we held on tuesday . we have ranked shalesh ganjoo and clayton , in case it ' s still our responsibility . vince permanent goup members , manager and below : superior : 1 . martin lin 2 . joe hrgovcic 3 . tom haliburton 4 . jose marquez excellent 1 . paulo issler 2 . robert lee 3 . chonawee supatgiat 4 . amitava dhar 5 . alex huang 6 . kevin kindall 7 . praveen mellacheruvu 8 . shanhe green 9 . stephen bennett strong 1 . lance cunningham 2 . clayton vernon 3 . youyi feng 4 . yana kristal 5 . sevil yaman permanent goup members , directors : superior 1 . krishnarao pinnamaneni excellent 1 . osman sezgen 2 . tanya tamarchenko 3 . zimin lu satisfactory 1 . maureen raymond associates , analysts superior 1 . shalesh ganjoo 2 . gwyn koepke excellent 1 . hector campos 2 . kate lucas 3 . sun li 4 . roman zadorozhny 5 . charles weldon 
2	Subject: it ' s not the same without your smiling face ! ! ! ! ! ! i hope all is well for you and your family . . . . how is that precious daughter of yours ? i bet meghan is really growing ! ! ( sorry , i probably mispelled her name ) we miss you very much but so glad you found a new " home " . . . . . ( ie work place ) i wanted to drop a line and say hello . . . . . i ' m enjoying working at campus . it ' s very nice being close to home and my son ' s school . take care , sharee 
2	Subject: paliourg photoshop , windows , office . cheapy . top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here ? 2 n 47 a 3 zvjc 9 xk 2 ysubsumedipaliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr " > or un * su * bs * cr * ibe  
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights enron producer one enron producer one facilitates one - stop shopping for the producer  , s infrastructure needs . through business relationships with hanover measurement services and applied terravision systems , enron producer one will offer and custom - configure a number of valuable production services and pricing plans to reduce overhead and simplify back - office tasks . initial products offered are well connects , transportation , marketing , measurement and accounting services . enron producer one is managed and supervised by john grass . in the news ceo says texas in good shape for electricity deregulation dallas ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s chief executive and president said tuesday he believes that texas energy markets are in good shape as the state prepares for deregulation . jeffrey skilling told an audience of about 400 business people at a downtown hotel that california " has given the term deregulation a terrible name . " electric deregulation in texas officially starts jan . 1 . " in texas , i think we ' ve got a pretty good system , " he said . in san francisco on tuesday , the california public utilities commission unanimously approved electricity rate increases of up to 46 percent to try to head off blackouts this summer by keeping the state ' s two biggest utilities from going under . when california officials set up deregulation they allowed the price of wholesale electricity to rise but capped the amount companies could charge customers , skilling said . socal edison and pacific gas & electric say they have lost more than $ 13 billion since last summer because they haven ' t been able to pass on the high cost of wholesale electricity . skilling said texans are in a much better position and shouldn ' t worry that their state ' s deregulation would be like the california experience . " california , they just put together a crazy system ,  8 he said in his first public comments since becoming the houston - based company ' s chief executive officer in february . " the markets in california are the most regulated markets in north america today . and that ' s what is causing the problem . " 03 / 27 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . welcome new hires egm - charles crow , nancy johnson , gregor lehmiller eim - darrell aguilar , latrisha allen , wesley wilder , ronald barnes ena - brian cruver , craig dean , martha kessler enrononline statistics below are the latest figures for enrononline as of march 16 , 2001 . ? total life to date transactions > 813 , 000 ? life to date notional value of transactions > $ 489 billion nuggets and for supplies to all consumers including households by 2005 . the setting of rules in the regulation for how power transmission tariffs can be charged for cross - border transactions and how congestion and capacity allocation at borders within the eu should be managed by transmission system operators . enron concludes that it is encouraged by the efforts of the commission to accelerate the european electricity and gas market opening and the reinforcement of third party rights of access to transmission networks . the commission ' s approach of harmonizing both the timetable and the regulatory framework deserves support from all member states . legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: returned mail : response error the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 57 : 45 + 0100 - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mailin - 02 . mx . aol . com > > > data < < < 554 transaction failed 
2	Subject: energy operations presentation for the analyst orientation sally : it has been a long time and i hope all is well with you and your family . brenda herod advised me that we are pending a speaker from the energy operations group . please note that we are in deadline phrase of the project and with the holiday weekend approaching , wrap up this pending item . i understand that your group is especially busy with sap and prc activities and look forward to receiving the speaker ' s name and bio . i can assist with writing the bio if that individual does not have a bio . if you have not located a candidate , how about a complete presentation to entice the speaker ? attached please find the energy operations presentation . your commitment to the orientation is appreciated and please call me at x 33597 if you have any questions . thank you . 
2	Subject: jeff makes the cover of businessweek be sure to catch a powerful feature story about enron in businessweek now available at its web site ( businessweek . com ) and at newsstands on feb . 12 . don ' t miss this one . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 16 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011609 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: cheap online medicine here apologia float owe catfish carboloy ashmolean harrington apperception coy commodore we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here mccall maori fume anywhere turtleback church specular figaro draftsman bobolink  
2	Subject: enron in action ivolunteeri the spay nueter assistance program ( s . n . a . p . ) is seeking volunteers to help care for dogs and cats . opportunities vary from working with the animals to clerical duties . please call patricia roberson at 713 . 862 . 3863 . ihappeningsi enron blood drive on july 20 from 7 a . m . - 4 p . m . in eb - 5 c 2 . call 713 . 853 . 6100 to schedule an appointment now ! get cpr / first aid certified this month ! learn the lifesaving techniques for you and your family . learn how to perform adult & infant cpr and how to use an aed ( automatic external defibrillator ) . july 25 , 1 : 00 - 5 : 00 p . m . cost is $ 10 . to register call the health center at 713 . 853 . 6100 . iworkperksi don ' t delay ! get your perkcard today ! the perkcard offers discounts at a variety of merchants around houston . cost is $ 20 and all proceeds go back into community programming . for more information visit the workperks website at http : / / home . enron . com / workperks / programs / . sign up your middle - school aged child for summer of service , a community service program that is challenging , rewarding and tons of fun ! children develop valuable skills and are recognized for their contributions to the community . they also will enjoy weekly fun friday outings to recreational and cultural events . cost is $ 160 for a two - week session . locations include : west side ymca 713 . 467 . 9622 and south montgomery county ymca ( the woodlands ) 281 . 367 . 9622 . session dates are : july 3 - 14 , july 17 - 28 . for more information call the ymca location of your choice . isave the datei july 13 - foundation for financial literacy workshop . topic : use it but don ' t abuse it : credit . for a complete listing of workshops , visit http : / / home . enron . com / efcu august 8 - enron night at the astros game . for more information , click here http : / / home . enron . com / cr . 
2	Subject: power markets 2002 april 17 - 18 , las vegas power markets 2002 : risk and reward april 17 - 18 , 2002 o excalibur hotel o las vegas , nv click here to download a complete conference brochure : we will see record numbers of new powerplants coming on line this year . new , much larger rtos promise dramatic increases in liquidity . the enron fallout will continue to force balance sheet improvements - - perhaps more mergers and acquisitions . price volatility will continue , and risk management techniques will continue to be honed . topics include transmission and rtos representatives from pjm , cal iso and midwest iso on their respective regions . insurance scott ettien from ncm , lynda clemmons from element re and pat toner goudarzi from ace , on credit insurance , weather - risk insurance and innovative insurance products , respectively exchanges monte simpson of intercontinental exchange and brad leach of nymex on the growth in the use of exchanges . credit susan abbott of moody ' s on evolving credit standards in our industry markets chris pollatos of mirant , dave freeman of panda and mike young of aquila on the state of various aspects of the power markets . and more ! cabell poindexter of wyndham mills on job prospects ! john obrien of skipping stone on the outlook for transmission ! henwood on outlook for powerplant construction ! adrian palmer of caminus corp on european markets ! featuring experts from : mirant americas energy marketing panda energy aquila , inc . moody ' s investor services skipping stone nymex california iso intercontinental energy exchange ncm americas henwood energy services element re caminus corporation wyndham mills international fundamentals of power marketing : april 16 on april 16 , scott spiewak will be repeating his " fundamentals of power marketing " preconference seminar . essential for the new industry participant , it is also a valuable overview for the industry professional . click here to download a complete conference brochure : this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com at your request , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: correction : risk and purchasing meeting - - august 8 th correction - - - this meeting is being held on august 8 th ( not aug . 9 th ) sorry for the mistake . kristin j . harrelson enron broadband services , inc . procurement , logistics , and contracts 1400 smith , suite eb - 4573 a houston , tx 77002 phone : 713 . 853 . 6814 fax : 713 . 646 . 8582 cell : 713 . 594 . 1385 kristin harrelson 07 / 28 / 00 12 : 54 pm to : denise bradley / enron communications , eric merten / enron communications , jim mandis / enron communications , michael moore / enron communications , paula corey / enron communications , richard weeks / enron communications , tobin carlson / enron communications cc : diane cutsforth / enron communications @ enron communications , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : risk and purchasing meeting due to time constraints on mr . kaminski ' s schedule during the time that you all are in town from portland , the meeting being held on august 9 , 2000 in eb - 45 cl must be held to one hour ( 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm ) please have your questions , comments , and / or materials ready in advance and expect this to be a fast paced meeting . kristin j . harrelson enron broadband services , inc . procurement , logistics , and contracts 1400 smith , suite eb - 4573 a houston , tx 77002 phone : 713 . 853 . 6814 fax : 713 . 646 . 8582 cell : 713 . 594 . 1385  
2	Subject: article : ' metals screen trade set to evolve ' please find attached the above article from the rueters english news service , october 12 , 2001 . uk : interview - metals screen trade set to evolve - spectron . by andy blamey 10 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 12 ( reuters ) - electronic trading of base metals futures has established a firm foothold in the market but the nature of online trading platforms looks set to evolve further , says gavin gross , head of lme metals at spectron futures ltd . uk - based energy and commodities broker spectron ' s electronic platform for the trading of london metal exchange ( lme ) contracts has become required viewing for traders alongside the lme ' s own system lme select and the enron group ' s enrononline . " i think we ' ve proved that people will trade lme derivatives contracts online , because there are some great advantages to doing so , " gross told reuters in a telephone interview . " and unlike the physical markets , where things haven ' t really taken off online , all three platforms are pretty much indispensable to the market . " both spectron and lme select are neutral platforms in which category 1 and category 2 lme members trade with each other , while enrononline is open to a wider membership but has enron itself as the sole counterparty in each transaction . this leaves a gap in the market for a multi - party trading system open to industry participants beyond the immediate trading community , gross suggested . " i think the clear trend for metals derivatives trading for the future is for open platforms which would allow dealers and clients in the market to interact with each other online , " he said . direct access for clients to an electronic trading environment could mean changes in the role of the broker , he said . " clients will have the advantage of more control , more visibility and more transparency in what they do . however , they ' ll have to pay for services , " gross said . " you could see a situation where dealers specialise in different areas - certain dealers would provide credit functions , certain institutions would provide clearing , others would provide execution and certain companies would provide market - making . " difficult conditions difficult market conditions are already forcing metals traders to rethink their activities ; this week alone has seen n . m . rothschild & sons exit base metals trading and both bank of nova scotia and enron looking to scale back . " on the lme now you ' ve got low volumes , falling volatilities , falling prices and we ' re in the grips of a bear market . it ' s very , very poor for business in general , " gross said . " there are too many dealers around chasing a shrinking amount of business . . . each company is going to have to look very carefully at their business and their staffing levels . " spectron has not been immune from declining volumes . " our volumes for the first 12 months of operation were fantastic , way beyond what we had expected . however , our volumes have fallen in the recent quarter , " gross said . " that ' s due to two factors : first , the overall market activity is lower , and second lme select has managed to attract some of the business that we would previously have had 100 percent of . " the company is now looking at ways to further develop its trading platform . " we ' re beginning to investigate ways to add certain features and do things differently . that might involve creating an alternative platform where clients could access prices and thereby widen the service , " gross said . but , he stressed , " we have to keep the interests of our dealer clients foremost . " uncertainty in the current environment , the lme ' s refusal to throw its weight behind either open - outcry floor trade or its new screen system - the exchange has taken pains not to express any preference and to " allow the market to decide " - may prove to be counterproductive , gross said . " by having two systems running side by side . . . the exchange is almost moving in two totally different directions , " he said . " there ' s a feeling that the ring is doomed , which doesn ' t do anything to encourage its use , while the reluctance to fully back electronic trading means that you ' re still only seeing a trickle of business going through select in terms of overall volumes . " while preferences vary in different sectors of the market , the current uncertainty is helping no - one , he said : " metals traders just want to trade . they just want to know with some kind of certainty how the market will be structured in future so they can structure their business to support that and make money . " 
2	Subject: urgent news would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we can get you lnterest as low as 2 . 80 % . fill out our small form below and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it takes less than a minute of your time http : / / www . ez - rate . info / qute / ido 501 . php haven ' t you liked walking ? 
2	Subject: re : question on office space in the new building sally - here ' s the answer i got on office space in the new building . it sounds like we will have a say in the matter . i would hope that you would want and would get a representative on whatever committee is established . please let me know if you need anything else related to this matter . lisa x 3 - 6343 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lisa b cousino / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2000 04 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dorothy barnes @ enron 04 / 24 / 2000 02 : 21 pm to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : question re new building lisa , i am forwarding bill donovan ' s answer to your question about who gets private offices in the new building . thanks . dorothy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dorothy barnes / corp / enron on 04 / 24 / 2000 02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - corporate administrative services from : bill donovan @ ect 04 / 24 / 2000 01 : 42 pm to : dorothy barnes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : question re new building dorothy - please advise lisa that our expectation is that each business unit will largely have the final say in establishing office space standards for their workforce ( as is the case today ) . corporate may intercede only to the point that a business unit fails to design to a sufficient density ( average sq . ft . per workplace ) and does not meet minimum . hard policy has not been set but we expect to gain consensus from enron ' s executive committee before detailed space planning begins . - bill 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , jiilian  
2	Subject: max nothing seems to be recorded re the alledged $ 3 . 5 m in options . kari and i believe it could be the old ect ltcp projected value which would be entirely separate from his contract , however we will dig some more . if he has documentation / emails , love to see them . david 
2	Subject: fw : fw : canadian legal entity fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cash , michelle sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 9 : 33 am to : ' rebecca . white @ ubsw . com @ enron ' ; jordan . schiffman @ ubsw . com ; louis . eber @ ubsw . com ; audrey . martin @ ubsw . com cc : oxley , david subject : re : fw : canadian legal entity great ! that sounds logical and much more simple than preparing entirely new agreements . i hadn ' t seen a template , but would be happy to assist by either preparing or reviewing one . let me know if i can provide any assistance . michelle - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rebecca . white @ ubsw . com @ enron sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 7 : 40 am to : cash , michelle ; jordan . schiffman @ ubsw . com ; louis . eber @ ubsw . com ; audrey . martin @ ubsw . com subject : re : fw : canadian legal entity michelle : i think what was discussed is simply a cover letter to annex to the contracts indicating the name of the new entity . lou / audrey - didn ' t we prepare a template for this ? rew _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ forward header _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ subject : re : fw : canadian legal entity author : jordan schiffman at i - am , g , stamford , legal date : 2 / 4 / 02 8 : 07 am none that i have heard about . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ reply separator _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ subject : fw : canadian legal entity author : michelle . cash ( michelle . cash @ enron . com ) at unix , mime date : 2 / 4 / 02 3 : 53 am jordan , do you have any information on new contracts for canada ? thanks . michelle - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : sun 2 / 3 / 2002 3 : 40 pm to : cash , michelle cc : subject : fw : canadian legal entity - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : oxley , david sent : fri feb 01 12 : 21 : 04 2002 subject : fw : canadian legal entity are you working on the new contracts ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 12 : 20 pm to : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; keohane , peter ; hedstrom , peggy cc : kitchen , louise ; milnthorp , rob ; beck , sally ; zufferli , john subject : canadian legal entity the name for the canadian entity which will enter into both master agree ments and individual commodity transactions is : " ubs warburg energy ( canada ) ltd . " , as confirmed by lou eber : ubs chief legal counsel . i am working on chasing down the parental guarantee issue . dave this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended r ecipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messa ging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron c orp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , a nd may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or othe rwise . thank you . - c . dtf > visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: savee over 70 % on your medz hello , welcome to pharmonl rainfall ine visualize shop - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shop windshield s thunderer v atonic g hitlerite al concurrence ll l inverted a peripeteia ra comprise cl disconnect is proportional va excusable um andmanyother . - save over 5 sweetie 0 % - worldwide shl pediatrics pplng - total confi seemly dentiaiity - over 5 cinemactor miiiion customers in 130 countries have a nice day billionaire ! 
2	Subject: global systems matrix rick - you had asked a while back for a matrix that captures all of the different systems used by commodity , by office and by functional group . this ( draft ) version encompasses houston and london activities . we will expand this document to include other offices and products in the next few months . let me know your questions and comments . 
2	Subject: re : message from bogdan thanks vince . we ' ll talk to him this week . - - dan vince j kaminski 02 / 02 / 2001 05 : 03 pm to : daniel reck / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : message from bogdan dan , i am sending you a resume of one of my compatriots who lives in houston . i met him socially a few times . he graduated from the same university i did . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001 05 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - awenda 2000 @ cs . com on 02 / 01 / 2001 09 : 57 : 42 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : message from bogdan hi vince , i am enclosing my resume , as per our most recent conversation . best regards , bogdan m . szopa - bogdan res . . doc 
2	Subject: l @ vger . kernel . org dear reader , we are writing you on behalf of antiquitaeten - schwaighofer gmbh - well - known company founded in switzerland which main field of operation is european market of antique items . we are glad to offer you to visit our website where our proposal is described in greater detail . you have got an opportunity to get an interesting and perspective work in financial sphere . new recruitment program has been started recently because we are in need of regional financial managers whose work consists of distributing funds received from our customers and suppliers . you are not required to have some extra knowledge or to be experienced in this business and this occupation can endow additional income to you and your family as it will not require more than few hours per week . no entrance fees or any fees at all are required . you can apply just sending an email to vacancy @ antiquitaeten - schwaighofer . com and you will be sent an application form after that . just fill the form and send back to us . you should receive our reply within few business days and if you are approved the work can be started immediately after that . thanks for reading our proposal . we hope that you are interested and eager to start cooperation with us . feel free to get more information on our http : / / antiquitaeten - schwaighofer . com / vacancies . htm . sincere regards , antiquitaeten - schwaighofer gmbh . - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: make your rivals envy lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company will automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isquite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: appeal - democrat daily - inspection about pain in 2005 n , a ' d . a : http : / / io . . com / please litterbug boyishdetestation chopin divisororifice angelo congowashy debility moroccopagoda boyd heraldrepelling origin jabverbiage secure homelandfury astigmat conjoinphiladelphia extrema nwpuppy dowling amywhereof eugenia irregularlarkspur cliff arrestcreekside  
2	Subject: re : notice of end probation i would like to pass sharad ' s probationary period . steve london hrservice centre 25 / 01 / 2001 10 : 49 sent by : zoe michael to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : notice of end probation notice of end of probation i am writing to inform you that the six month probationary period for sharad agnihotri is due to end on the 21 / 02 / 2001 . please can you let me know as soon as possible if you want to : * pass the probationary period * fail the probationary period * * * * in this case you will need to discuss with human resources if the probationary period is passed i will send out a letter to this effect for you to sign and pass to your employee . thank you zoe 
2	Subject: re : june 00 production - o ' connor & hewitt ltd . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david baumbach / hou / ect on 08 / 16 / 2000 02 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - delma salazar @ enron 08 / 16 / 2000 02 : 30 pm to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : june 00 production - o ' connor & hewitt ltd . dave : thanks for your help , but i found it - - in unify , it ' s t - c oil . enron capital management from : david baumbach @ ect 08 / 16 / 2000 01 : 36 pm to : delma salazar / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : june 00 production - o ' connor & hewitt ltd . according to daren farmer , this is the name . unify should have something for them . if i find out anything different i ' ll let you know . dave delma salazar @ enron 08 / 16 / 2000 12 : 53 pm to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : june 00 production - o ' connor & hewitt ltd . dave : this was flashed as o ' connor & hewitt ltd ( 233 , 343 mmbtu , $ 1 , 010 , 836 . 57 ) , but i don ' t see anything coming through in unify - - do you know if maybe they have another name ? thanks ! 
2	Subject: render photo cops useless ! don ' t let them take your cash in a flash ! ! ! make your licence plate invisible click here for information click here if you would not like to receive future mailings .  
2	Subject: fw : draft dash of dwr louise , this draft is very preliminary . we have not received any input from the market risk group or regulatory . i have passed for comments to david port and jim steffes . my initial view on risk adjusted capital for market risk is that it will be zero based on the offsetting position currently in the book . we will have more information in the morning . we can discuss further tomorrow . thanks , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ngo , tracy sent : tuesday , march 27 , 2001 5 : 22 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : bradford , william s . subject : draft dash of dwr louise , per the request of bill bradford , attached please find an initial draft of the dash for the dwr put option . please note that we are waiting on a final , legal risk memorandum as well as comments from jim steffes for the regulatory risks . please let us know if you have any questions or initial comments . regards , tracy 
2	Subject: almost - guaranteed issue term almost guarantee issue term for impaired risk market 10 year level term - 8 medical questions issue ages 20 to 55 - $ 10 , 000 to $ 75 , 000 face amount a + carrier you won ' t sleep tonight thinking about all the prospects you have for this product ! you have several cases in your desk drawer for this product ! call or e - mail us today ! visit our web site www . impairedriskterm . com for rates and a sample application please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: re : dabhol report narottam , i have in fact not received a copy of the report . was this something you sent by e - mail ? if so , please resend it to me so that i could make the appropriate comments . please do this asap , since i have been waiting for this report to give my comments for some time now . regards , sandeep . " narottam aul " on 05 / 06 / 2001 08 : 25 : 53 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : dabhol report sandeep trust you have had the opportunity to review the draft of the dabhol report that was sent on 24 april 2001 . i assume that the circulation of the report to the relevant people within dabhol and enron has been done at your end . it will be helpful if all comments are collated and send through you . the report can then be amended to incorporate your comments and a final version sent for your records . we would very much to close the assignment with the completion of the report . please do let me know , if we can do any further analysis and sensitivities to assist enron and dabhol in the existing phase of discussions with mseb and the state government . best regards narottam narottam aul henwood energy services inc . 26 greenhill road wayville sa 5034 australia tel : + 61 8 8179 2006 fax : + 61 8 8179 2099 mobile : 0421 061 016 
2	Subject: software taking a bite out of your budget ? try oem ! can ' t draw a straight line ? well . . . now you can ! they have computers , and they may have other weapons of mass destruction . he who limps still walks . 
2	Subject: amatuer match amatuer match f - r - e - e adult personals http : / / www . qoalos . com / ca . html totally new alternative dating site ! sick and tired of meeting boring people on genaric dating sites ? we have the answer ! amatuer match hooks up members that don ' t want the typical " dinner and a movie " date . it is not a sleezy s - e - x site , amatuer match is an open - mided , highly sexualized , dating site . see the difference ! meet real people in your area tonight ! http : / / www . qoalos . com / ca . html ztop mail http : / / www . qoalos . com / nothanks . php to be removed via mail please send to irvingwac inc 2914 knyaz battenberg str . bourgas , bulgaria l 5 j 55 
2	Subject: garp presentation vince , would i be able to get a copy of your presentation last night at garp ? i have a coworker who was unable to attend . thanks , allen bryson conoco inc 
2	Subject: commodity logic request sally - fyi - the first early pay trans for commoditylogic . leslie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leslie reeves / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : bryce baxter 01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 10 pm to : leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : commodity logic request fyi - by my calc we made about $ 1200 on this deal . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bryce baxter / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - customerservice @ commoditylogic . com on 01 / 19 / 2001 01 : 18 : 32 pm to : customerservice @ commoditylogic . com , tgros @ enron . com , douglas . fuehne @ enron . com , debbie . r . brackett @ enron . com , russell . diamond @ enron . com , wbradfo @ enron . com , fred . lagrasta @ enron . com , mary . birmingham @ enron . com , nera . swisher @ enron . com , reginald . hart @ enron . com , bryce . baxter @ enron . com , pam . b . boxx @ enron . com , greg . whiting @ enron . com , jim . pond @ enron . com , elise . clark @ enron . com , amy . spoede @ enron . com , melissa . k . ratnala @ enron . com , audrey . cook @ enron . com , dale . neuner @ enron . com , sheri . thomas @ enron . com , kristen . j . hanson @ enron . com , joanie . h . ngo @ enron . com , cynthia . hakemack @ enron . com , andrea . crump @ enron . com cc : subject : commodity logic request mark soulliere has made an offer to commoditylogic to receive payment for an amount that was originally scheduled to be paid on january 25 , 2001 . below are the details of the offer : user : mark soulliere counterparty : tenaska marketing ventures counterparty id : 208 payment amount : $ 12 , 762 , 722 . 45 offered payment date : january 23 , 2001 deal tracking number : 39 this payment represents $ 12 , 768 , 389 . 51 of the total receivable account with enron . the client should be notified by e - mail within 1 business day as to whether the offer has been accepted or rejected . thank you . 
2	Subject: power markets 2002 april 17 - 18 , las vegas - early bird special ! power markets 2002 : risk and reward april 17 - 18 , 2002 o excalibur hotel o las vegas , nv click here to download a complete conference brochure : we will see record numbers of new powerplants coming on line this year . new , much larger rtos promise dramatic increases in liquidity . the enron fallout will continue to force balance sheet improvements - - perhaps more mergers and acquisitions . price volatility will continue , and risk management techniques will continue to be honed . topics include transmission and rtos representatives from pjm , cal iso and midwest iso on their respective regions . insurance scott ettien from ncm , lynda clemmons from element re and pat toner goudarzi from ace , on credit insurance , weather - risk insurance and innovative insurance products , respectively exchanges monte simpson of intercontinental exchange and brad leach of nymex on the growth in the use of exchanges . credit susan abbott of moody ' s on evolving credit standards in our industry markets kevin t . howell of dominion , dave freeman of panda and mike young of aquila on the state of various aspects of the power markets . and more ! cabell poindexter of wyndham mills on job prospects ! john obrien of skipping stone on the outlook for transmission ! henwood on outlook for powerplant construction ! adrian palmer of caminus corp on european markets ! featuring experts from : dominion energy panda energy aquila , inc . moody ' s investor services skipping stone nymex california iso intercontinental energy exchange ncm americas henwood energy services element re caminus corporation wyndham mills international fundamentals of power marketing : april 16 on april 16 , scott spiewak will be repeating his " fundamentals of power marketing " preconference seminar . essential for the new industry participant , it is also a valuable overview for the industry professional . click here to download a complete conference brochure : this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: hi again long has won ' t if written . job weather , both . just ground found old . way settle three middle . system , said head , round . only , fast , most . farm step tool . nation seem science set a , than . may keep music system certain . - - phone : 379 - 740 - 8243 mobile : 431 - 206 - 2856 email : descenderchefs @ mindspring . com  
2	Subject: looking for help with deb ? stop ! montly payments , elminate your deb ? , regain full control of your finances , our experts are here to help with every step of the way on becoming deb ? free . don ' t suffer anymore ! http : / / debtal . com / st . html hlwgvuvoiy  
2	Subject: fortune ' s article hi louise , here is the final layout for the fortune article , just wanted to get your seal of approval . have a great weekend . ~ heather 
2	Subject: ets retiree planning workshop survey from enron transportation services , human resources ets human resources department is determining the feasibility of providing a retirement planning workshops for ets employees . by completing the following survey , you will provide us the information we need to determine the level of interest for this type of training . if there is sufficient interest we will schedule these workshops around mid - december . please complete the survey and return to merlyn fance by fax 713 - 646 - 3300 or e : mail at merlyn . fance @ enron . com by monday , october 23 , 2000 . the training will be conducted by an outside financial planner . this is not about an enron retirement package .                     location / region & team / department _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 1 . i am interested in attending a retirement planning workshop along with my spouse . q yes q no 2 . i would be interested in learning more about the following topics in a retirement planning workshop . q retiree medical insurance q survivor benefits q savings plan q employee stock ownership plan ( esop ) q all employee stock option program q cash balance plan q social security q medicare q other _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 3 . the best time for both me and my spouse to attend a 3 - 4 hour retirement planning workshop is : q on weekdays , monday through thursday from 6 : 00 pm - 9 : 00 pm q saturday morning from 9 : 00 am - 12 : 00 noon 
2	Subject: omaha - certificate status report attached is the certificate status report ( omaha ) for november 2001 . 
2	Subject: e - next equipment louise , lisa bills asked me to send you a list of the equipment currently in e - next generation llc , with the amounts paid to date and future payment obligations . please call me with any questions . - catherine x 3 - 9943 
2	Subject: 4 - medz lacewing cheapest d * r - u - g - s on the web - private online orderind - discreet packaging - shipped world wide - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our products  men ' s health  weight loss  pain relief  diabetes  stop smoking  cholesterol  anti depressant http : / / demand 4 rx . com / ? 1663800 mensurable claw difficult donaldson myocardium coppery rerouting trustworthy electrocardiogram circumscribe pathology ohio bimodal divert zeus cotyledon horehound vance bilinear detach bout yang augusta crossword appoint strabismus cleanup crete heterozygous cortege eloquent upset antipodean wv fetish aqueduct ajar business colloquial buckhorn gerbil vertebrate bilk grapheme bop temporal depend franz mandrake hay dobbin shade tarpaper taboo cognition duckling premature crewcut banjo edinburgh chinook coalescent duquesne bunkmate blurb limbo virginian camden nero guile compulsion spectacle trafficked barnet lyra shook byroad medlar hoffman mauve rubicund wronskian bullyboy witchcraft motherland shortcoming topaz dodson almanac dauphin circuitry crt exhaustive barnes incense mackintosh catatonia alsatian crate lunacy foregoing pauli villain editor adulthood catalyst beth wearied deplete duquesne edna candle erda indeterminable  
2	Subject: fw : texaco grand prix tickets fyi , i have invited a couple of my marketers and their customers to go to this on sunday . . ena ( my rc ) will not be charged back . who is paying the bills . . . . and how much are they ? you would have to believe it is a lot . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hitchcock , dorie sent : thursday , september 27 , 2001 2 : 51 pm to : tycholiz , barry subject : texaco grand prix tickets this is to confirm that i have reserved 6 tickets for you to attend the texaco / havoline grand prix on sunday , october 7 . i will be distributing the tickets no later than monday , october 1 . ( no charge will be allocated to your co and rc . ) the main race begins at 1 : 00 pm on sunday . attached , please find the program of events and various pictures of the hospitality area . complete information on the race can be found at http : / / www . texacogp . com . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: portraits for commission from photos portraits for commission from photos send us your photograph with high resolution and detailed comments for future portrait . we will discuss all necessary subjects and details that should be present on portrait . after that our artists will start working on your portrait order . usually , it takes 2 - 3 business weeks to complete oil portrait and make it dry . for other techniques ( watercolor , pastel , dry brush , pencil , etc ) less time is necessary . when the portrait is finished , we will make photos and show them to you online so that you might see the quality of our work before you receive the portrait . if you like it , we will ship the portrait ( s ) by either regular or express mail ( as you choose ) . due to our experience we can cover all art styles , techniques , themes , sizes , etc . thus , any of your preference in art will be satisfied by our artists . to get confirmation of these words , please , view sample portraits on our site : wedding , family , children , couples , single portraits , beloved , formal portraits , pets . though paintings of cars , houses , and others in any technique are also possible . to negotiate any details ( prices , sizes , artists , etc . ) , just use the contact form below . it would be helpful if you attach your photograph as well that will allow us to follow discussion of your portrait in more precise manner . thus , send your questions and photograph for portrait . we will give you the most detailed answer . with best wishes , svetlana ivanchenko commission portrait department + 380 ( 67 ) 600 - 92 - 48 ( mobile ) + 380 ( 44 ) 566 - 33 - 49 ( office )  
2	Subject: re : li sun : important notice : year - end prc preparation stinson , i think it should be kevin kindall . vince stinson gibner 09 / 18 / 2000 08 : 08 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : li sun : important notice : year - end prc preparation vince , should i be responsible for li sun ( for prc ) or do you want grant since she is primarily working for kevin kindall ? - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 09 / 18 / 2000 08 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " the associate and analyst programs " @ enron . com > on 09 / 15 / 2000 06 : 13 : 49 pm to : " sgibner @ enron . com " cc : subject : important notice : year - end prc preparation good afternoon supervisors of associates and analysts : as you may be aware , the year - end prc for 2000 is quickly approaching and your assistance is needed in ensuring a smooth process . it is imperative that the performance management team obtains the correct reviewing supervisor for the associates and analysts in order to facilitate the prc process . the reviewing supervisor is the person that will provide the associate / analyst their year - end individual performance feedback . you will be considered the reviewing supervisor if you employ the individuals listed below as of october 1 , 2000 . a comprehensive list of the associates and / or analysts currently in our database indicates that you are the supervisor of the individuals listed below . please examine the list and reply with " no changes " if the data is correct . if analyst in your response . if you will not be the reviewing supervisor as of october lst , please let us know so that we may follow up with the associates and analysts . in order to meet the performance management team ' s deadline , your reply is needed by friday , september 22 , 2000 . we appreciate your assistance in this matter . our records show the following associates and analysts under your prc review . shalesh ganjoo , analyst li sun , associate martin lin , associate thanks in advance for your cooperation . please feel free to call shelly butler @ 713 - 853 - 4584 or jana giovannini @ 713 - 853 - 9233 with any questions you might have . 
2	Subject: 3 - urgent - to prevent loss of information critical migration information : 1 . your scheduled outlook migration date is the evening of : may 7 th 2 . you need to press the " save my data " button ( only once ) to send us your pre - migration information . 3 . you must be connected to the network before you press the button . 4 . if a pop - up box appears , prompting you to " abort , cancel or trust signer " please select trust signer . 5 . any information you add to your personal address book , journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re - added into outlook after you have been migrated . 6 . clicking this button does not complete your migration to outlook . your migration will be completed the evening of your migration date . failure to click on the button means you will not get your calendar , contacts , journal and todo information imported into outlook the day of your migration and could result in up to a 2 week delay to restore this information . if you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713 - 853 - 1411 
2	Subject: re : personal information needs to be updated is it possible that his first name show as " j darren " ? daren is his middle name and the name that everyone addresses him by . we would also be glad to submit the change in sap if the system will accept j darren as the first name . please advise . thanks for your help , hgm susan wimberley @ ect 11 / 07 / 2000 02 : 12 pm to : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron cc : dfarmer @ enron . com @ enron subject : re : personal information needs to be updated please note that the name in pep has to mirror what is in the source system . currently there is not a field in pep for nicknames . enron capital & trade resources corp . from : hector mcloughlin @ enron 11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 48 pm to : dfarmer @ enron . com , susan wimberley / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : personal information needs to be updated susan , would you please take care of mr . farmer ' s request ? i am not able to change names . thanks for your help , hgm dfarmer @ enron . com on 11 / 07 / 2000 01 : 15 : 08 pm to : hector . mcloughlin @ enron . com cc : subject : personal information needs to be updated this message is from farmer , jerry d : my name should be changed from farmer , jerry d to farmer , j daren 
2	Subject: nom / actual flow for 2 / 22 / 01 we agree . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david avila / lsp / enserch / us on 02 / 23 / 2001 10 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " eileen ponton " on 02 / 23 / 2001 10 : 14 : 42 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu cc : subject : nom / actual flow for 2 / 22 / 01 nom  60 , 000 actual flow  58 , 094 ( 56 , 567 mcf , 1 . 027 btu ) 
2	Subject: fw : executed amendments update - - - - - original message - - - - - from : joyner , tamera sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 11 : 42 am to : oxley , david subject : executed amendments update attached is a list of the all the executed amendments we ' ve received so far . thanks . ? arnold , john d ? arora , harpreet s badeer , robert t belden , timothy n benson , robert c ? black , donald w ? brawner , sandra f calger , christopher f davies , derek j davis jr , mark d ? ermis , frank j ? herndon , rogers lagrasta , fred ? lewis , andrew h maggi , michael j ? martin , thomas a ? may , lawrence j milnthorp , phillip robson motley , matthew h presto , kevin m richter , jeffrey s schwieger , james e ? shively , hunter ? storey , geoffrey c sturm , fletcher j swerzbin , michael j thomas , jacob ? tycholiz , barry zufferli , john a tamera m . joyner enron wholesale services staff - compensation 713 - 345 - 4526 
2	Subject: ncl sally : ? here are the plans for the meeting on sunday . . . bill lindsay , hpd , will be at your house @ 2 : 15 to do a talk on safety in the car ? i told him very informal , want the girls to ask questions . ? sarah is going to do basics of car care from a women ' s point of view . . . simple . ? we know these girls are not going to change oil . . . but they need to know that it needs to be changed . . . and so on . ? i was afraid to have more than two guest speakekrs , as one never knows how long they will end up taking . ? i have tried and tried to reach megan s . who is own nominating committee . ? lori van dike can only meet on sunday , abi said sunday is okay with her . . . i told lori plan on meeting here ( we can change that ) at 12 : 30 . . if you want to be involved , we could do it at your house if easier , know that sometimes your church runs over . ? sarah is going to check and let me know if anyone is not ? " in good standing " and can not hold office . ? snacks , paper goods are handled for your meeting . ? have a safe trip . ? i will be around on sat . , if you have questions , cell is 713 818 8587 . ? linda 
2	Subject: afterwards macro 0 media , pc games , corel , symanteec , plnnaccle system , all original as restaurant address easy tone something said clear professor super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from tea we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for you extremelycheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    excuse pounds approach heart meaning program usual fear everywhere  
2	Subject: dowlnoadable 70 + xxx vldeos with pornstars - x 41 welcome to the most full and exclusive collection of the porn videos on the net ! more than 80 full - time dvd quality videos wait for you to download them ! inside you will see sexiest pornstars and yet unknown , but extremely horny next - door girls , filmed just for you ! and that ? s not all - every week you ? ll find an absolutely new movies : constant updates guaranteed ! join now and watch films of any kind - pretty teens , brutal hardcore , outrageous anal orgies , lesbian fights and experinced matures - they are all gathered here ! http : / / t 93 e . com . abrwallk . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - collusion detroit clean debt afraid dolce augur distant aspen censorial catnip atone 
2	Subject: re : protect your computer , you need systemworks ! coxr take control of your computer with this top - of - the - line software ! norton systemworks 2002 software suite - professional edition - includes six - yes 6 ! - feature - packed utilitiesall for 1 special low price of only $ 29 . 99 ! this software will : - protect your computer from unwanted and hazardous viruses - help secure your private valuable information - allow you to transfer files and send e - mails safely - backup your all your data quick and easily - improve your pc ' s performance w / superior integral diagnostics ! - you ' ll never have to take your pc to the repair shop again ! 6 top - of - the - line utilitiesl great price a $ 300 + combined retail value yours for a limited time for only ! ! ! $ 29 . 99 ! ! ! price includes free shipping ! and for a limited time buy 2 of our products get 1 free ! don ' t fall prey to destructive viruses or hackers ! protect your computer and your valuable information and - click here to order yours now ! - or call toll - free 1 - 800 - 861 - 1481 ! your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . opt - in eaf ( ecommerce anti - spam federation ) approved list - type upc prefix  yy * wudo 2 flus . to unsubscribe from this list , please click here . you need to allow 5 business days for removal . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may visit our spam abuse control center . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . thank you kindly for your cooperation .  
2	Subject: enron scheduled volumes - - - may 6 thru 8 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stacey neuweiler / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " ibrom , lorraine " 05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 22 am to : " ' stacey neuweiler ' " cc : subject : enron scheduled volumes - - - may 6 thru 8 following is scheduled volumes on el paso under enron ' s k # 5095 - 037 . date package # volume delivered to teco 5 / 6 9 e 3 x 16 , 495 9 j 6 z 2 , 759 19 , 061 5 / 7 9 e 3 x 15 , 689 9 j 6 z 2 , 243 17 , 753 5 / 8 9 e 3 x 13 , 752 9 j 6 z 2 , 799 16 , 385 pg & e gas transmission texas and any other company referenced herein which uses the pg & e name or logo are not the same company as pacific gas and electric company , the california utility . these companies are not regulated by the california public utilities commission , and customers do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility . 
2	Subject: devon transition effective july 1 avails , beverly beaty will be enron ' s lead operations contact for devon production . please assemble all information and contact all personnel necessary to make the transition as smooth as possible . to eliminate unnecesary e - mails , please designate one main contact from each of your desks and a backup ( central desk , west desk and texas desk ) who can receive and distribute all nom changes and operational information to your desk ' s proper schedulers . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : valero - - meter 8018 ok , it looks like we are going with the no deal situation . i will zero out the buyback and the sale for the next 2 weeks . let me know if you want to handle it differently . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth seaman / hou / ect on 01 / 21 / 2000 12 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary w lamphier 01 / 21 / 2000 11 : 55 am to : kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect cc : dan j hyvl / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : valero - - meter 8018 i have requested a force majeure letter from valero and they wanted to know what exact language should be in this letter . dan , can you give me some guidance that i can directly forward to valero . kenneth seaman 01 / 21 / 2000 09 : 17 am to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect subject : valero - - meter 8018 the plant went down at 0001 hrs this morning . my information is they moved their turnaround up and will be down for as long as 3 weeks . please let us know how the economics should be handled - - - - buyback , force majure , no deal , or what . thanks ken 
2	Subject: cheap online drugs here nightclub thirst microcosm blatz telltale trilobite contagious bedimmed we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here comprehensive coauthor saute ain ' t curious levulose stannic anthropogenic colorate  
2	Subject: save on your insurance save up to 70 % on your life insurance ! why spend more than you have to ? life quote search saves you time and money . check out these example monthly rates . . . 10 - year level premium term insurance ( 20 and 30 year rates also available ) $ 250 , 000 $ 500 , 000 $ 1 , 000 , 000 age male female male female male female 30 $ 12 $ 11 $ 19 $ 15 $ 31 $ 27 40 $ 15 $ 13 $ 26 $ 21 $ 38 $ 37 50 $ 32 $ 24 $ 59 $ 43 $ 107 $ 78 60 $ 75 $ 46 $ 134 $ 87 $ 259 $ 161 ( smoker rates also available ) take a minute to fill out the simple form below and receive a free quotecomparing the best values from among hundreds of the nation ' s top insurance companies ! * all fields requiredfirst name : last name : address : city : state : zip : day phone : ( xxx - xxx - xxxx ) evening phone : fax : ( xxx - xxx - xxxx ) email : male or female : date of birth : ( mm / dd / yy ) type of insurance : 30 yr guaranteed level term 20 yr guaranteed level terml 5 yr guaranteed level terml 0 yr guaranteed level termuniversal life 2 nd - to - die ( survivorship insurance ) insurance amount : $ 100 , 000 $ 150 , 000 $ 200 , 000 $ 250 , 000 $ 300 , 000 $ 350 , 000 $ 400 , 000 $ 450 , 000 $ 500 , 000 $ 550 , 000 $ 600 , 000 $ 650 , 000 $ 700 , 000 $ 750 , 000 $ 800 , 000 $ 850 , 000 $ 900 , 000 $ 950 , 000 $ 1 , 000 , 000 $ 1 , 500 , 000 $ 2 , 000 , 000 $ 2 , 500 , 000 $ 3 , 000 , 000 $ 3 , 500 , 000 $ 4 , 000 , 000 $ 4 , 500 , 000 $ 5 , 000 , 000 above $ 5 , 000 , 000 height : weight : lbstobacco use : ( please select ) have never smoked or used nicotineused to smoke , but quit less than 1 yr agoused to smoke 1 - 3 yrs agoused to smoke 3 - 5 yrs agoused to smoke over 5 yrs agocurrently smoke cigarettesother nicotine use - cigars / pipe / chew / patchhealth status : ( please select ) excellent : trim and athletic , no medicationsgood : no infirmities and no medicationsfair : slightly overweight or taking medicationpoor : have / had a serious health condition health conditions ? yesnoexplain : prescription medications ? yesnoexplain : do you engage in any hazardous activities ? ( i . e . scuba , skydiving , private pilot , etc . ) yesnoexplain : did your parents or siblings have heart disease or cancer prior to age 60 ? yesnoexplain : if you are in receipt of this email in error and / or wish to be removed from our list , please click here and type remove . if you reside in any state which prohibits email solicitations for insurance , please disregard this email . we will open your email application to submit your inquiry . all quotes will be from insurance companies rated a - , a , a + or a + + by a . m . best . actual premiums and coverage availability will vary depending upon age , sex , state , health history and tobacco use . this is not an offer or contract to buy insurance products , but rather a confidential informational inquiry . life quote search is an information gathering service and does not sell insurance . all information submitted is strictly confidential , and will be given to an insurance professional licensed in your state of residence , who will contact you and provide your quote directly .  
2	Subject: bridgette just open it secrets revealed how to become a legal holder of a second passport ? 50 countries available . investment and economic citizenship program ' s . the passport report provides you with the inside scoop of which countries you qualify , how you can get a second passport for free or for a few thousand dollars in a sunny tropical island in the indian ocean . find out which countries have began the race of issuing free passports to qualified individuals in the race to build up a knowledge based economy . the passport report details . 1 . names , addresses and contact details of programs offered by countries offering passports for sale . 2 . tricks and tips in obtaining residency in preferred new country . 3 . how a second passport can save you from creditors , ex - partners even your spouse . get your own second passport today and benefit as a foreigner in your own country . turn off . windsor checkpoint villainous shattuck aileen babcock subsistent beman tomatoes curie dee angelo threw . ineradicable tatty it craftsperson tapis defunct inveigle plymouth proscenium thumbnail protophyta brigade bilabial vase rosa infringe pea tranquillity melanoma jacobite chubby gauleiter .  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ are _ you _ paying _ too _ much _ for _ your _ mortgag ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  e 9 _  3 f ?  got bad - credit ? let us help you refinanc your home lowest interst rats available ! get a pre - approval in 48 hours for f . re . e refinancing for the self - employed save $ 100 - $ 400 per month and skip one payment please take 1 minute to fill out our short form * fill out our online application and automatically be entered into our draw for a 2004 ford cobra . arnold , beatify . incapable . transalpine , burden earsplitting , bulwark . adrian . aau , fumigant commentary , brush . rostrum . yoghurt , acton caldwell , darken . carrageen . advocacy , ductile blocky , peacemake . become . barrow , holmium howard , frostbite . horizon . elute , dumpy utility , decorticate . infelicity . quipping , propagate monday , annapolis . chungking . ursula , furbish brew , insular . infight . choirmaster , applaud bustard , glutamate . nippon . constructible , budget ensemble , compile . bathurst . potpourri , audiovisual curtis , marcy . conciliate . positron , aberrate furniture , skyline . joint . crab , aerate laryngeal , limb . anathema . cholesterol , recluse heartfelt , glans . litigate . scribners , praise hereafter , conformation . duopoly . taffy , tantalus aurelius , fairway . married . caraway , greylag verlag , dickerson . bullwhack . dublin , bragg collusion , poke . accentual . adverbial , colombia web , decolonize . yokohama . deus , mimi james , bookend . sibilant . rajah , voluble important , kahn . mutagen . cambridge , flamingo myofibril , ronnie . bondholder . add , bleat mountain , segmentation . stony . aphrodite , bye asocial , chancellor . field . spinach , decontrolled hot , embedding . extrapolate . shrimp , supreme airy , domesday . acclimate . venturesome , configure counsel , teaspoonful . coolant . raccoon , buteo resiny , inroad . banshee . diagrammatic , chinchilla limerick , glossary . compendia . deride , buxton serge , argentina . barefoot . megaword , bmw lagging , tun . mullen . blather , diphthong calkins , fluency . clinician . convertible , frankfurt  
2	Subject: fernley , sally beck asked me to contact you with regards to our confirmation procedures here in the houston office . please find attached a document that outlines our financial transaction process flow ( kind of a lengthy document and i did not include the flow charts but will forward them to you if you would like ) as well as a list of reports we use to monitor our activity with a short description of what each report is used for . i would be happy to discuss this with you . i can be reached at 713 853 - 5294 . jeff sorenson 
2	Subject: don ' t look now hey , last week , autumn and me were talking about my prbolem and he said that he tried this new thing from this site and it worked great for him . married econometric http : / / ns 3 . wholesaleworld . biz / en / 14 / ? aff _ id  56392 dialysis give me your thoughts on it and shoot me back an email and tell me what you found out if any . any input would be appreciated it . later , holley doris quaff gangway eugenic creak concord customhouse avocet cemetery chancy furlough portugal bursitis seraglio monoxide clint diffuse stable apothegm icosahedron mid cant papery commando cavalry . 
2	Subject: pleased to meet you ! buenos dias ! doskoro  
2	Subject: imbalance gas just in case worse comes to worse . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 39 am to : mary poorman / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : imbalance gas mary we just have two . thanks - julie contract 012 - 87794 - 02 - 001 ( delivery ) meter 981506 we owe them 21 , 771 981244 ( delivery ) koch refinery we owe them 16 , 810 
2	Subject: micro - cap company spotlight * * * * watch this one july 15 - 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * * breaking news alert issue - - - big news strong buy alert issued at market close china world trade corp . symbol : cwtd current price : $ 2 . 47 7 day target : $ 7 . 00 look for huge news this company back on the move . rumor has the shorts are going to be broken and stock will run . cwtd website address is www . chinawtc . com all company info is there . this stock has had good movement and support the last 15 months it is a strong company growing in leaps and bounds . company has been profiled on cnn asia , forbes . com , bloomberg . com , ceo cast . com , businessweek . com , p . r . newswire , pennystock weekly . com , yahoo finance has reports for sale . how much more credibility do you need . amex exchange listing waits in the wings . this is big ! ! ! ! ! ! company filed for amex 10 months ago and is finally ready to go up based on the 10 k . symbol cwtd join in and squezze the shorts : cwtd take a look at our last strong buy recomendaton we gave you cdgt july 12 th at $ 3 . 10 and now its $ 3 . 55 get in cwtd while it ' s hot disclaimer : information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such asprojects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understandsor that by statements indicating certain actionsmay , could , or might occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: re : submission . . . html head / head body bgcolor  # ffffff font size  - 1 face  arialdear webmaster , brbr this is the last week we accept free registrations to our directory . if you would like to submit your website , please fill free to fill out the submission form at a href  http : / / www . hotvsnot . com / ? id  169676 http : / / www . hotvsnot . com / / a brbr thank youbr hotvsnot . com support team brbr p . s . if you have any questions feel free to email us at a href  mailto : support @ hotvsnot . comsupport @ hotvsnot . com / a / font / body / html  
2	Subject: fw : weather sites this is the list of weather sites preston uses to report weather trends at the nng / tw morning meeting . tk - - - - - original message - - - - - from : roobaert , preston sent : monday , january 14 , 2002 8 : 19 am to : lohman , tk subject : weather sites research group other sites http : / / www . weather . com / http : / / www . noaa . gov / http : / / www . cnn . com / weather /  
2	Subject: colstrip cut for 09 / 06 / 01 to whom it may concern , just wanted to let you know that colstrip units 1 thru 4 tripped off line @ approximately 2 : 45 . the integrated number that pge gave me was a 19 mw , so i purchased a tranny wheel for 13 mw from bpa ( portland general to mpc ) . furthermore , for he 04 thru he 07 the schedules went to zero and i resupplied from pge and bought a tranny wheel from bpa ( same as above ) . the new deals in enpower are 764045 , 764203 , and 764168 . if you have any questions i have put a cut note by kate symes in the accordian file and put cut notes in lotus under the respective counter parties ( expresspip , holnam , luzenac , louisiana pacific , and ashgrove ) . if there are any questions please give me a call . bert meyers 
2	Subject: pace yourself , modify your schedule and set realistic goals - - - - 81172394261899099970 hi varou , i used it with food both times and also had a few beers after i took it and had no problem . - age 44 , new york because you can add more to your life by choosing your medications and treatment online . we provide what you need . no complicated formalities of any kind . . visit us today . best regards , laura danner  
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq toois wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : inoencnt neigbhour teen gteting huge cock what ' s so good about it ? : ) addio  
2	Subject: stacey optoacoustic console transoceanic rill octogenarian are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! you won ' t believe our prices ! world cok turn ko agitate ue chorine dcj somatic uqv bullhead erp actaeon lgo sachs mup bash qmt abidjan ut planoconcave cwc menstruate fm cope sl baseball pos perch jp fall cg  
2	Subject: find your fortune in real estate want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - bisops . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: get the brand new 20 gb ipod totally free ! the dog the truth i do not stretch or shove when i state the dog is full of love . i ' ve also proved , by actual test , a wet dog is the lovingest . phisharetuw staregiquost qbmjpvsh ngutim jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs ndegehaf hendujutash nguqu vofuphoph quifeshoph lobaxobegox vepekuz  
2	Subject: disappointed with your money manager ? fees too high ? has your mutual fund or money manager failed to deliver the results you expected ? efficient market portfolios are the low cost alternative ! free customized asset allocation recommendation . professionally managed accounts using low cost , tax efficient exchange traded funds ( etf ' s ) for more information click here feel free to email us at info @ efficient - portfolios . com or call us toll free at 1 - 888 - 327 - 4600 efficient market advisors , llc 12707 high buff drive , suite 200 san diego , ca 92130  
2	Subject: re : summer internship jinbaek , the answer to the lst question is yes . the project list is fine with me and is still valid . we are an organization driven by the needs of our internal customers . i shall froward your message to the person in ebs . hopefully , we shall get a positive response . vince jinbaek kim on 03 / 15 / 2001 01 : 12 : 32 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : summer internship dr . kaminski , sorry for the late response , it took me some time to coordinate things . finally , it ' s almost dont : - ) it turned out that from june to august will be best for me for work at enron ( say june . 4 to august . 4 ) but i still need to know several things from your side . could you answer following questions ? first : is my suggested working period is ok with you ? if so , let me know what to do for settlement during the period . second : i got a list of work , i might be able to do for dealbench team from ross and suresh . i ' d like to know it is still a valid work list : the list he sent is as following : > 1 . write a paper in layman ' s terms that answers > questions like the following : > benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and > sellers , particularly in reverse auctions > explanation how multi - variable auctions are not > as efficient as price - only auctions ( is this true ? ) > how many participants are recommended for a > successful live auction > what types of goods and services are best suited > for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes > opinions on lotting strategies > trends in online private auctions > 2 . identify appropriate recent auction research ( 3 > or 4 papers out of the 90 + you provided ) and obtain approvals from the > authors to post on our site > 3 . create a list / bibiliography of relevant auction > literature ( with hyperlinks ? ) > 4 . would you be willing to offer auction consulting > services to our customers ( if they are interested ) third : there is an e - procurement forum at haas school of business , in may 22 . the chair of the forum is my advisor prof . arie segev . a person from wells fargo bank will talk about wells fargo ' s role in e - marketplace payment initiative , where enron broadband services is also one of key players along with citibank . he asked me whether you can contact a person at enron broadband services , who ' s related to the initiative . he wants to know whether we will have a speaker from enron to see enron ' s perspective , in the forum . here is a link to news related to the initiative , fourth : my advisor wants to know whether there could be any opportunity to do a case study , regarding enron ' s business . he is interested in e - procurement and e - marketplaces . business model and system architecture . . . thanks for reading this long email . i ' ll look forward to your answer . . i am sorry for giving you so much burden to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer . warm regards , jinbaek jinbaek kim ph . d candidate dept . of industrial engineering and operations research u . c . berkeley http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek go bears ! : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' ` . ' " ' ; ` . ' ; ` . ` : ` ; . ` . ; ; : ; . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' on mon , 5 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > jinbaek , > > this is fine though you are welcome to spend more > time with us this summer . > > vince > > > > > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : summer internship > > > dr . kaminski , > > thanks for your answer . > before i tell you the time frame , > i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first . > because here is an on - going - project . > i need to coordinate the schedule . > > i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation , > and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) . > > for your reference , > probably > the dates i ' d like to ask you will be > from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months ) > > warm regards , > jinbaek > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > jinbaek kim > ph . d candidate > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research > u . c . berkeley > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek > > go bears ! > > : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' > ` . ' " ' ; > ` . ' ; > ` . ` : ` ; > . ` . ; ; : ; > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' > > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > jinbaek , > > > > you can coordinate the details with me . > > let me know what the time frame is for you > > and we shall send you an appropriate offer . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm > > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > cc : > > subject : re : summer internship > > > > > > dr . kaminski , > > > > thank you very much . > > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity > > to work at such a wonderful company . > > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team , > > and was going to express my appreciation to you again > > after settling down process with them . > > > > for the period of working , > > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and > > may need to adjust according to that . > > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly . > > > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting > > with deal bench team , > > for working period and > > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc . > > > > i appreciate you so much again , > > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity . > > all this opportunity will not be available to me , > > without your kind help . > > > > warm regards , > > jinbaek > > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > jinbaek kim > > ph . d candidate > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research > > u . c . berkeley > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek > > > > go bears ! > > > > : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' > > ` . ' " ' ; > > ` . ' ; > > ` . ` : ` ; > > . ` . ; ; : ; > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' > > > > > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > hello , > > > > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you . > > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship . > > > > > > please , let me know if you are interested . > > > > > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting saddle up for nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting " deep in the heart of texas " september 9 - 11 , 2001 hyatt regency hill country resort san antonio , texas advance registration deadline august 17 , 2001 sign up today to save $ 100 . 00 attached below for your review is the annual meeting brochure . you will need adobe acrobat to view the brochure , which you can download from our web site at www . nesanet . org . if you have problems with the attached file please , contact nesa / hea headquarters at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 and we will be happy to forward the brochure via fax or mail . lodging rate at the hyatt regency hill country resort is $ 201 . 00 single / double . the hyatt has a limited block of rooms available for nesa / hea members and guests - call ( 210 ) 647 - 1234 to make your reservation today ! be sure to mention that you are a delegate of nesa / hea ' s annual meeting to receive discounted rates . cash prizes will be awarded to the winners of nesa / hea ' s 18 - hole scramble golf tournament ! $ 100 per person for the first place team , $ 75 per person for the second place team and $ 50 per person for the third place team . additionally , $ 100 per person for competition holes ( closest - to - the - pin and longest drive for men and women ) will be awarded . the tournament will take place on monday , september 10 on the links at the hyatt regency hill country resort . airport shuttles can be arranged through worldtrans at hyatt hill country resort . cost is $ 20 . 00 per person each way . for additional information please call ( 210 ) 520 - 4083 . we hope that you take this opportunity to meet with your colleagues and customers in this relaxing yet professional environment to exchange ideas on matter of importance covering a broad spectrum of subjects . the annual meeting agenda includes timely issues presented by knowledgeable industry leaders who will discuss formidable and thought provoking issues affecting the industry today . attached below in an excel ' 97 worksheet is the advance delegate registration list to date - join these delegates in september at nesa / hea ' s annual meeting ! > > to unsubscribe from the nesa / hea member email blast list please respond to this email with the word unsubscribe typed into the subject field . this will preclude you from receiving any email blasts in the future , but hard copies of the material will be sent to your attention . 
2	Subject: re : yaron ' s resume kevin , i would greatly appreciate if you could help me in this case . yaron ' s father helped me a lot to open many doors at berkeley . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 25 / 2000 05 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - charlene jackson @ enron 10 / 24 / 2000 05 : 15 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : kevin hannon / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : yaron ' s resume vince , kevin hannon is the executive lead for cornell and he needs to approve . i am not sure if they have already interviewed on campus . he should go through the on - campus screening process before attending a super saturday . we are reserving the super saturday weekend for individuals that are highly likely to receive an offer . i will forward this to kevin and kristin gandy . although they are responsible for graduate recruiting at cornell , perhaps it is possible for him to interview when they go on campus . charlene kevin and kristin , please see vince ' s message below . would it be possible for an undergraduate to interview while you are at cornell ? please let me know . thanks vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 37 pm to : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron cc : mary alison bailey / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : yaron ' s resume charlene , please , help . this is a son of a professor at berkeley who helps me a lot in the recruiting process . his son goes to cornell . can we invite him ( the son , not the professor ) to a super saturday ? i really want to repay the debt to his father who is very instrumental in my recruiting efforts . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shmuel oren " on 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 37 : 25 pm to : cc : subject : yaron ' s resume ? - yaron - resume 3 . doc 
2	Subject: ut degree list sally : attached you will find a list of ut austin graduates at enron , including their degree earned . patti had conveyed to me last week that you were interested in such a report . i hope it helps , and look forward to meeting with rick , mark and yourself soon ! lexi 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: thu , 07 jul 2005 08 : 38 : 11 - 0300 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 460 , 100 home loan at a 3 . 20 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , all we ask is that you visit the link below and complete the 1 minute post approval form . sincerely , justin thompson  
2	Subject: fw : eol 3 rd qtr compare 00 ' - 01 ' hi louise , here are the numbers you were looking for . savita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : levy , laura sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 5 : 28 pm to : puthigai , savita cc : moorer , torrey subject : eol 3 rd qtr compare 00 ' - 01 ' updated copy . . . laura levy eol product control group ext . 53551 
2	Subject: re : coastal ctr # 96008903 meter 0984179 sit # 135714 i checked the meter for september , there are measured volumes of 36 , 085 dth for the month . the meter had a purchase from mjg at the beginning of the month . it looks like it was zeroed after the fact . we are going to need to pay someone for this production . . . . i think we may need to extend the deal until the point at which the meter was actually shut - in . i do not agree with allocating this gas to strangers , it is not a true line gain / loss , or a direct result of any pipe / well work . please advise so that anita and i can clean this up as promptly as possible . mary x 35251 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing tools will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: squad doesn ' t html body phave you ever considered v i a g r a - order on - line - fast delivery ! / p pwhy pay twice as much ? / p a href  http : / / www . jvc . bizmedsa . com / gp / default . asp ? id  bw pwe also have these medications in highly discounted generic form : br br ambien , xanax , phentermine , lipitor , nexium , paxil , valium and vioxx . br / p pphysician consultation : $ 0 . 00 br free shipping to the privacy of your home or office . / p porder some today ! / p pbr br a href  http : / / www . jav . qaw 34 es . com / er / er . asp ? folder  gpi want to say adios / a / p brbr / body / html syllabify desideratum verify breakoff parentheses irreproducible bullyboy wi davit bryn pancake consensus allyl pang trichrome pus anyhow homeric carrara balmy agglutinin acme revolt matrimonial troika sugar linen eighty frustrate dispensable hardtop irruption ding avesta cyprus trojan aplomb avowal linger diameter christina wrigley slung featherbed bisque thistledown gerald bagpipe stereoscopy scalp doria dampen arc constructor contralateral pantheism tide hundredfold trichloroethane herewith coffin needle brbr bestial deface hendrickson caddis cornucopia airlock aniline pyle lanky operon schumann oppressor calvin hexachloride walls filibuster reindeer bezel twilight brook quahog baronial lapelled abelian eng stag cowpox anomaly elliptic eater sunburn seismograph haney ethyl hatchet debrief kermit applicable optometrist impossible pear compelling ultimatum b d ' etat earphone broom he ' ll bless starfish tridiagonal caution duplicable arraign newscast spacious arthritis contravariant bicycle fmc consultation laurence ga whitaker clark collate polonium northampton  
2	Subject: tatts award claims tatts lotto international promotion horsthuis , keizersgr 102 1185 cw amsterdam , netherland from : the director of promotions ref : tl 921245 / 75 qt batch : ip / 10161 / tlp attention : winner , award final notification : we are pleased to inform you the release of the result of the tatts lotto international promotion held a fortnight ago . you were entered as an independent client with : reference number : tl 921245 / 75 qt , and batch number ip / 10161 / tlp . your email address attached to the ticket number : 778 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the sweepstakes in the second category . you have been approved for a payment of $ 1 . 000 . 000 , 00 ( one million dollars . ) in cash credited to file with reference number : tl 921245 / 75 qt . this is from a total cash prize of ( ten million dollars ) shared among the ten lucky winners . all participants were selected through a random computer ballot system drawn from 91 , 000 ( ninety one thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion programme to promote the use of internet thereby increasing the market share of computer soft wears . due to mix up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal discreet , till your claim has been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting your accredited agent : fabrizio perri . tatts lotto security agency . tel : + 31 - 64 - 924 - 4782 . fax : + 31 - 20 - 524 - 8591 . email : tattlotto @ netscape . net your security file number is v - 6772 / g 9 ( keep personal ) remember ; your winning must be claimed not later than ( 07 / 19 / 2005 ) . failure to claim your winning prize , it will be added to the next international lottery promotion . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , endeavor to inform your claim ' s agent as soon as possible . once again , congratulations . yours faithfully , ms , molvolia clementius . director of promotion . 
2	Subject: e - market today ! get your advertising boost ! 13474 to be deleted from our mailing list , send us an email message to : mailto : 437 notoday @ excite . com with the words " remove - me " in the subject heading . don ' t delete this message before reading ! ! ! you will find valuable information that could make a difference in how you advertise your business today and in the future ! ! ! hi , my name is daniel and i have been involved in internet marketing since its inception . e - marketing provides individuals and businesses with a low cost solution for broad - based advertising if you are new to this concept do not fret ! i was too ! it took me over 2 years of research by scowering the internet , dealing with false claims , hassling with the ( so - called ) bulk - mail specialists experiencing the trials and errors bogus software programs and false claims they make , to truly understand the ins outs of marketing concepts and principles of email marketing . these processes are time consuming , resource intensive , frustrating and potentially expensive for individuals and companies to do on their own . let ' s face it ! most people in business want to make money ! their time is consumed by running their business , developing marketing campaigns and advertisement , cashing checks , dealing with customers , managing their staff and so on ! they don ' t have time to invest in learning 10 or 15 different software applications , learn how to effectively port scan for ips , socks and smtp relays , spend thousands of dollars for the best software applications , spend hours testing applications for the best results or for that matter , spending 2 or more years to learn what someone else has already mastered ! if you are interested in increasing your effectiveness with email marketing , increasing your client base , maximizing your target market or boosting you revenue in a specific area or geographic territory , then this is were we can help . to find out more , send request with the words " tell me more " in the subject line or body to : mailto : hhmiyahara @ excite . com lcm provides simple , effective , low - cost solutions for those interested in broad - based marketing . by utilizing special , custom - designed software applications , we are able to provide broad - based delivery of your advertisements to millions of people all over the world ! we are probably one of the most important assets you will need ! whether you are trying to promote to 50 , 000 or 50 , 000 , 000 consumers , individuals and / or businesses , we can assist you in launching a successful marketing campaign that can potentially generate increased revenue , sales and customers . we also specialize in the acquistion of targeted e - mail addresses ! our unique service is customized to fit your needs . these addresses are collected on a per request basis which provides you with the most up - to - date list of e - mail addresses anywhere ! these addresses are not months or years old ! ! ! they are collected on a per request basis in realtime which means they are the most current and up - to - date addresses , period ! the average collection time is 3 - 5 working days for up to 5 cities or categories ! all addresses are processed cleaned , stripped , domain verified with foreign domains removed to provide you with clean deliverable e - mail addresses for the bestpossible results for your campaign ! to find out more , send request with the words " tell me more " in the subject line or body to : mailto : hhmiyahara @ excite . com every order is handled individually with the greatest amount of intregity to ensure clean , quality addresses . unlike many of your fly - by night companies , our product is quality , professional and current ! we can also be contacted during normal business hours to answer all of your questions ! whether you have an item to sell , a philosophy to share or a way conduct surveys on a national scale , e - mail marketing provides you with the most inexpensive and broadest target of any other form of advertising in the world today ! ! ! this form of marketing has been around since 1995 and has grown to be one of the biggest moneymakers of business today and long into our future ! ! ! there are many fortune 500 companies that participate in this form of advertising because it works ! ! ! just look at your emails ! ! by placing your ad over the internet and directly into the mailboxes of consumers just like you , you can potentially generate hundress of thousands of dollars with almost anything . every year the number of users increases tremendously creating a huge market . why not become part of this unlimited market by participating in the fastest growing form of advertising in the world ! to find out more , send request with the words " tell me more " in the subject line or body to : mailto : hhmiyahara @ excite . com to be deleted from our mailing list , send us an email message to : mailto : 437 notoday @ excite . com with the words " remove - me " in the subject heading .  
2	Subject: finance club : e - trading and fixed income markets workshop as faculty advisor to the finance club , prof . barb ostdeik is encouraging all members to take advantage of a great opportunity to learn more about trading operations from two very respected individuals in the industry . keith anderson of blackrock , inc ( jgsm 1983 ) and dexter senft of lehman brothers & tradeweb llc ( rice 1974 ) have visited the jones school to give this lecture and students have raved about them . albert wang ' s fixed income and advanced investments classes are required to attend , and james weston recommends for his applied finance students and any first years taking investments next year to be there . when : 9 : 45 a . m . - 11 : 15 a . m . wednesday april 18 where : room 117 herring hall presentation / discussion topics : trading tactics - phone trades vs . electronic trading evolution of e - trading in fixed income markets the future of the trading desk buy - side vs . sell - side issues speaker profiles : keith anderson , managing director and chief investment officer , fixed income of blackrock , inc . , is co - head of the fixed income operating committee , chairman of the investment strategy group and a member of blackrock ' s management committee . mr . anderson is responsible for global fixed income strategy , asset allocation and the overall management of client portfolios . he coordinates a team of thirty - two portfolio managers and more than twenty - five credit and quantitative analysts . mr . anderson is a member of the treasury borrowing advisory committee , which meets quarterly in washington , d . c . with the secretary and staff of the u . s . treasury to advise them on the financing and management of the federal debt . prior to founding blackrock in 1988 , mr . anderson was a vice president in fixed income research at the first boston corporation , working in mortgage securities and derivative products strategies . mr . anderson with criterion investment management company where he had primary responsibility for a $ 2 . 8 billion fixed income portfolio . mr . anderson has authored numerous articles on fixed income strategies , including two articles in the handbook of fixed income options : " scenario analysis and the use of options in total return portfolio management " and " measuring , interpreting , and applying volatility within the fixed income market " . dexter senft is a managing director with global responsibility for fixed income electronic commerce for lehman brothers . during his eight years at the firm , he has also managed or co - managed lehman ' s fixed income research , quantitative research , counterparty credit and global economics departments . mr . senft is the former chairman of tradeweb llc , a consortium - owned electronic bond trading system whose volume currently averages over $ 10 billion per day , and of which lehman brothers is a founding shareholder . he remains on tradeweb ' s board , and chairs tradeweb ' s trading protocol committee , which oversees the rules that govern the electronic flow of information within the system . mr . senft also serves on the bond market association ' s committee for alternative trading systems , as well as its online bond steering committee and he chairs the subcommittee on e - commerce protocols and standards . prior to ejv , mr . senft spent 17 years at the first boston corporation ( now part of cs first boston ) , where he was a managing director and head of fixed income research and product development . he is a widely published author of articles on mortgage securities , fixed income derivatives , and quantitative portfolio management , and his work continues to be among the readings for cfa applicants . in 1983 , mr . senft led the product team that created the first cmo for freddie mac . this is regarding the e - trading / bond market session arranged for april 18 . as part of the lst year finance elective , you may have already been informed by james weston ( were you ? ) but i need to get the info out to more 2 nd years as well . do you usually send out your speaker announcements to all faculty , students , and staff ? albert wang ' s fixed income and advanced investments classes are required to come and james weston will be encouraging lst years that took the finance elective to come . these guys are pretty good - they came a few years back . thanks . bbo 
2	Subject: free lancer eventos free lancer eventos servi?o profissional na ?rea de promo??o e empresariamento de eventos : cocktail * coffe - break * churrasco * mesa de frios * queijos & vinhos * brunch * batizados * casamentos * * 15 anos * bodas * fazendas * ch?caras * s?tios * * feiras * conven??es * eventos em geral . * temos tamb?m encomendas de salgados , bolos , doces e aluguel de material em geral . contrata??o de profissionais : * gar?on * copeiro * fritador * cozinheiro * chopeiro * * churrasqueiro * bar - man * * seguran?a e recepcionista * fazemos toda a ?rea do rio e grande rio ou outros estados , se assim desejar . temos bons profissionais para fazer de sua festa um momento inesquec?vel de prazer e alegria . para qualquer esclarecimento : tel . : 21 2573 . 6864 / 2270 . 5260 / 9419 . 4970 fax no . 21 - 2260 . 8466 e - mail : freelancereventos @ globo . com * * empresa inscrita no sicaf * *  
2	Subject: reduce wrinkles tired of spending extra $ on every purchase of your medications ? want to save extra bucks on every purchase ? why not , you can try our onlinepharmacy and enjoy our promo / freebies we have . compare them to the costs of name brands you can find onlin 3 elsewhere . as you can see , our medications are clearly the best choice . remove 6 ! http : / / 908 . upz 8225 no 8 . htak . com / g . php  
2	Subject: re : wicek , wyslalem ci nasza ksiazke razem z kilkoma pracami matematyczno / finansowo / energetycznymi i dwa egzemplarze rynku terminowego , w ktorym od 2000 roku jest dzial poswiecony rynkowi energii ( jego redaktorem jest alek ) . mam nadzieje , ze to cie zainteresuje . ksiazka jest zainteresowany cambridge university press i w tej chwili jest recenzowany draft angielskiej wersji ( mozesz do sciagnac ze strony : http : / / www . im . pwr . wroc . pl / ~ rweron / gene . html ) . angielski jest jeszcze slaby ( tlumaczyla moja studentka ) , ale da sie czytac . w ostatecznej wersji planujemy pare zmian . jakbys mial czas to przegladnij ksiazke , wszelkie uwagi bardzo mile widziane . rafal 
2	Subject: revised nom - kcs resources daren , kcs ' orig nom was 11 , 148 at meter # 9658 . you revised it to 9 , 381 . kcs wants to revise it to 8 , 000 . do you want me to adjust ? bob 
2	Subject: complimentary easter recipes and more from m & m ' s bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? make your easter celebration a hoppy one ! sign up for red color : # 9933 cc " > recipes sweet treats that are easy to make . decorating ideas to create a holiday atmosphere anywhere . family fun activities so everyone has the chance to get creative .  mars , incorporated 2005 . all rights reserved . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from jumpstartlovelife . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from jumpstartlovelife . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: don ' t miss ! titanic in 1879 foot and mouth desease you ' re welcomewell panasonic 
2	Subject: take it to the bank stock facts , aesksgdxg mable winters , techlite , inc ( otcbb - thlt ) shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : . 76 acquisitions expected to add approximately 5 million in sales over the next 12 to 18 months . ( source : news friday 11 / 5 / 04 ) thlt has been moving higher the last few weeks . is this the beginning of a major move ? because what matters once you acquire a stock is that it moves . and all that will matter is that the stock is on the move . and that mo ney is constantly moving into the stock . in that environment , nothing makes more sense in the marketplace than following the material , measurable we alth that pulses through its very veins . go check it out yourself . ( remember , past performance is not indicative of future results ) . a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . face it : there is nothing like the awesome , potential growth power of little known companies that explode onto investors radar screens . about techlite , inc . techlite , inc . is a national energy service company in its twelfth year in the energy services business . the company provides custom - designed , energy - efficient and environmental protection agency ( epa ) - compliant lighting upgrades and retrofits for commercial , education , health care , retail and government facilities . techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program facilitates upgrades in compliance with the eps ' s green lights emission reduction program and the new federal energy law requiring elimination of inefficient lighting products . industry sources estimate this market at approximately 3 billion existing light fixtures and a potential 100 billion national lighting retrofit industry . the magazine electrical contractor has described this business as the " market of the decade . " ( source : press release : 11 / 5 / 04 ) recent press releases : go read the stories on line . * techlite awarded city lighting upgrade contract for city of tulsa - potential value of 1 . 5 million . * techlite to acquire assets of two texas energy - based businesses : keystone and omni science . * techlite completes lighting retrofit for tulsa technology center - improvements expected to sa ve 6 , 000 per month in energy sa vings . * techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program takes a bite out of commercial lighting bills . certain statements in this news release may contain future looking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are future looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally assured company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detailed in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . all information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . bevel spectacle beautiful teem biddy extrusive freakish cheesy baffin coquina continental glacier inside . 
2	Subject: temporary slack - cera alert here is cera ' s latest near term analysis . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 10 / 27 / 2000 02 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 10 / 26 / 2000 06 : 05 : 45 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : temporary slack - cera alert cera alert : sent thu , october 26 , 2000 title : temporary slack author : n . american gas team e - mail category : alert product line : north american gas , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1402 , alternative url : warm weather and strong storage injections have temporarily shifted the focus in the gas market away from a potential supply shortage this winter toward a growing sense that supplies might just prove adequate . the result has been a steady and steep decline in the november nymex price from $ 5 . 63 per mmbtu on october 12 into the $ 4 . 60 s as of october 25 . cash prices have followed suit , falling from the mid - $ 5 . 50 s to the $ 4 . 60 s at the henry hub , and gas is now pricing below residual fuel oil in the gulf coast and especially on the east coast . although gas storage inventories will begin the winter at levels higher than expected , in cera  , s view adequate supply for the winter is not yet assured , and the market remains subject to a quick return to prices well above $ 5 . 00 with the first cold snap . storage injections of 71 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) for the week ended october 20 accompanied by broad - based and continuing warm weather have driven the shift in market psychology . last week  , s injection rate was 26 . 5 bcf , or approximately 3 . 8 bcf per day , above the previous five - year average for those seven days and 58 bcf above the 13 bcf of injections recorded last year for the week ending october 22 . with warm weather this week and the return of more normal temperatures expected next week , cera now expects storage to reach a maximum level of 2 , 784 bcf on october 31 - - still an all - time low entering the winter , by 26 bcf ( see table 1 ) . is this inventory level " enough " ? not yet . storage inventories this winter under 15 - year normal weather conditions would fall to approximately 780 bcf , 22 bcf above the previous all - time low . this end - of - march minimum implies total withdrawals in the united states this winter of 2 . 0 trillion cubic feet ( tcf ) , 128 bcf above last year  , s withdrawals . but holding withdrawals this winter down to 2 . 0 tcf in the face of a return to normal weather - - and the demand rebound of 3 . 0 bcf per day it would bring - - will be difficult . although the beginning of a us supply rebound and growing imports will add approximately 1 . 0 bcf per day to supplies this winter , holding withdrawals down requires both of the following : * industrial markets - - mainly ammonia and methanol producers - - that are now shut down because of high gas prices must remain shut down . these markets represent approximately 0 . 5 bcf per day of demand that could return , should gas prices moderate relative to ammonia and methanol . * the nearly 1 . 5 bcf per day of switchable load now burning residual fuel oil must remain off of gas . in cera  , s view , for gas prices to fall below resid on a sustained basis , particularly as power loads increase this winter , it must become apparent that winter demand can be met , the current resid load can return to gas , and storage inventories can be held reasonably near the previous record low . that low , 758 bcf , occurred in march 1996 and was accompanied by a february average price of $ 4 . 41 and a march average of $ 3 . 00 at the henry hub . that spring , however , us productive capability was nearly 4 . 0 bcf per day greater than it is today , winter power generation demand was lower , and there were about 4 . 5 million fewer residential and commercial gas customers in the united states . market fundamentals in cera  , s view still support gas prices above those of resid , which as of this writing is pricing in the $ 4 . 75 - $ 5 . 00 per mmbtu range . warm weather throughout november and into december could reverse this relationship , but a warm october alone is insufficient , and any cold weather within the next few weeks will quickly tighten the slack that has temporarily come into the market . cera  , s price outlook for november - - an average of $ 5 . 50 at the henry hub - - stands for now . * * end * * follow url for pdf version of this alert with associated table . cera ' s autumn 2000 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www . cera . com / event account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121122 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 22 / preferred : 497 . 76 / final : 497 . 76 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 11 / 01 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: mtbe upsets the mtbe plant has determined full production can be attained sooner than their first forecast . production at the mtbe plant remains approximately 9 mbd today and tomorrow , then 11 mbd on thursday , march 30 , and 13 . 7 mbd starting friday , march 31 . 
2	Subject: feel young and strong again viaghra for just 2 . 38 ea . it ' s not just for impotence anymore . it ' s an ideal solution for demanding girlfriends and spouses . you will not be disappointed . delivery is guaranteed . sincerely , roxie speicher visit the site today and save n 8 njuhdpa 
2	Subject: new gas models preliminary schedule for next week vince , here are the topics that our london folks are interested in . have a good weekend . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 02 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : anjam ahmad 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 12 am to : natasha danilochkina / lon / ect @ ect , haakon olafsson / lon / ect @ ect , mark jones / lon / ect @ ect cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : new gas models preliminary schedule for next week dear all , please could you confirm your availability for meetings next week as follows : - wednesday 31 st may overview of uk gas products to be revalued a ) wet gas swing deals ( teeside delivery ) b ) liquids extraction options time : 9 . 30 am to 11 . 30 am ( 1 1 / 2 hrs ) , swl 001 zimin , anjam , natasha wednesday 31 st may overview of uk gas products to be revalued c ) virtual storage ( enbank ) d ) dry gas swing deals time : 3 pm to 4 . 30 pm ( 1 1 / 2 hrs ) , nel 002 zimin , anjam , natasha wednesday 31 st may simulation of uk gas forward curve time : 5 pm to 6 pm ( 1 hr ) , nel 002 zimin , anjam , natasha , haakon thursday lst june model modifications to accomodate uk products time : 9 . 30 am to 11 . 00 am , nwl 003 zimin , natasha , anjam friday 2 nd june it requirements for trading / rm model a ) booking / mtm b ) exposures and hedge ratios calculation time : 9 . 30 am to 11 am , nwl 003 zimin , mark jones , natasha invitations to follow . . . thanks , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: citizens homelink online banking and investing email dear citizens customer , as a customer of citizens bank , the security of your personal and account information is extremely important to us . by practicing good security habits , you can help us ensure that your private information is protected . our new security system will help you to avoid frequently fraud transactions and to keep your investments in safety . due to technical update we recommend you to reactivate your account . to reactivate your account please start by clicking on this webpage : we appreciate your business . it ' s truly our pleasure to serve you . citizens bank customer care this email is intended for citizens bank users only . ignore it if has been arrived by mistake . member fdic equal housing lender  2003 citizens financial group . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: on call notes saturday : mark from aquilla was short 5000 into the valero hub and it appeared that pg & e may have to cut aquilla ' s delivery into us , but mark was able to get the 5000 he needed to make the delivery . transco bammel had some unit testing by transco preventing flow until 9 pm . i got with robert a . from the east desk and he decided to go ahead and cut the nom down to 30 for saturday ' s gas day . i changed the confirm in pops to reflect it . changed confirm for midcon hardy to show the correct 20 , 000 . changed the confirm for flaggstaff to show the correct 0 . communicated with reggie from dynegy to get 4 , 000 at transco markham for saturday ' s gas day confirmed with transco . it was finally confirmed later that night . sunday at 6 : 00 the flow into valero riverside was 0 ' d out and changed to valero t ' ville for the remainder of the gas day . gas control said to do it verbally . i could not get a hold of any scheduler with pg & e to see the contractual impact . i let ed gottlob know and he said to just let it flow . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best reqards , melania  
2	Subject: welcome new hire : john anderson we have a new addition to the portland west desk : john casey anderson has recently joined the real - time trading group . prior to working at enron , john worked as a registered assistant with kms financial services , inc . he is a ' 01 graduate of the unversity of washington with a degree in business administration - - economics . please join us in welcoming john to our portland office ! 
2	Subject: sap changes with sap now here there are going to be a few minor changes that we will all have to make immediately . first : everyone will have to make internet explorer their default browser . if you ' re not sure how to do this give me a call and i will help . the reason for this is that our new timesheet program will only run through internet explorer . second : sometime next week we will have a brown bag lunch where i will walk you through entering your time in this new system . it ' s not time consuming just different . third : next thursday you will be e - mailed an sap log - on id and password . please don ' t delete or disregard the importance of this e - mail . you will need it to key your time . fourth : all company and rc # ' s are changing . the company part is easy . it will be 4 digits so if your company number is currently 413 it will now be 0413 or if it is 012 it will now be 0012 . easy . rc # ' s are now called cost centers and they are changing completely . please write these down somewhere you will need them just like you need to know your rc . rc 1497  cc 105633 rc 1638  cc 105634 rc 2664  cc 105630 rc 2933  cc 106292 rc 0688  cc 105631 rc 1160  cc 105632 rc 2675  cc 105638 rc 2939  cc 106269 rc 2940  cc 106290 rc 2663  cc 105629 the transition shouldn ' t be too painful for you but it promises to be a little stressful for your assistants so please bear with us and cooperate . thank you ! yvette x 3 . 5953 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re : recruiting good afternoon . packing emails - - its just my style : ) currently , it is my understanding that we would like to interview the comp . fin . students during the same period that we interview the mba ' s . tentatively speaking , one schedule should be sufficient . i will attempt to produce an official job description shortly . kristen is out of town for the remainder of the week , so her response to any inquiries may be delayed . her contact info : kristin . gandy @ enron . com 713 345 3214 regarding the satellite program , vince is interested in the ecommerce program . we think that it would be easier to keep the program full as compared to the comp . fin . program . it was a pleasure to be back in pittsburgh and i enjoyed meeting all the students from this year ' s comp . fin . class . i look forward to seeing you in a few weeks . - kevin kindall jean eisel on 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 34 : 05 pm to : kevin . kindall @ enron . com cc : sgould @ andrew . cmu . edu subject : re : recruiting hi kevin wow you sure do pack one e - mail . i will try to answer questions . . . after each of you . . . look in the email for answers . - - on monday , november 06 , 2000 , 2 : 39 pm - 0600 kevin . kindall @ enron . com wrote : > hello . it was a pleasure to come back to cmu , and i enjoyed > interacting with the students . vince k . has expressed interest in > interviewing the computational finance students . enron will conduct first > round interviews with the mba students in december , and would like to set > up seperate interviews for the comp . fin . students . enron would like to > interview all the pittsburgh based comp . fin students , and we need to > select a date and a time . we are excited that you want to interview the comp finance students . do you want to do it in dec . or before ? let me know what best suits you . since there are only 16 individuals in the pittsburgh area . . . we should be able to accomodate you . . . would you want one or two schedules . . ? what is the formal protocol in such matters ? > all you need to do is let me know some ideal dates . . . and you send a job description and names of the students you want to interview . we will try to be as accomodating as possible . > enron is also interested in the ecommerce students as we have > ecommerce initiatives underway . it is my understanding that kristen > gandy will be the contact for such activities . if you can send me an e - mail address for kristen , i can get this strating asap . > > regarding a houston based satellite program , vince needs a proposal > in writing . would you be so kind as to send one ? what program is vince interested in having a satellite program ? when he was here he seemed less intererted in comp finance and more interested in e - commerce . i sent a note to michael shamos and tridas discussing this . let me know which program and i will see if we can work anything out ? > thanks so much , and i look forward to seeing you again in a few > weeks . > thanks kevin for you speedy response . > > > > jean e . eisel , ph . d . associate dean , admissions , coc and alumni relations gsia carnegie mellon university pittsburgh , pa 15213 412 - 268 - 2277 412 - 268 - 4146 ( fax ) currently in the news : carnegie mellon university mba program ranked 14 th in business week ' s list of the best graduate schools of business in the united states .  
2	Subject: re : current address for brad romine vince : i have left brad two messages at this cell phone # - he has not responded . any suggestions ? vince j kaminski 03 / 16 / 2000 08 : 58 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : current address for brad romine shirley , i have his cell phone : 650 814 9966 . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 13 / 2000 02 : 15 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : current address for brad romine vince : do you have a current address for brad ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000 02 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carol coats 03 / 13 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : current address for brad romine shirley , is there any possibility that you might have an updated current address for brad ? if not , would vince know ? thanks much , carol 
2	Subject: i - 45 southbound construction the initial phase of construction on i - 45 is scheduled to begin sunday , october 1 , all southbound lanes will be closed sunday night at 7 : 00 p . m . , with a detour at i - 10 eastbound to us 59 southbound . two southbound lanes will be reopened on i - 45 beginning october 2 at 5 : 00 a . m . the southbound exit ramp to pierce / dallas will be closed during the initial phase of this work . the southbound exit ramp to mckinney will be open . anyone typically using these routes must find an alternate route . the mckinney and pierce / dallas exits will alternately be open during subsequent phases of the roadwork . the southbound main lanes will reopen january 18 , 2001 . additionally , the entrance ramp from allen parkway eastbound will be closed for reconstruction of the south and northbound bridge . the downtown district is updating its web site with detailed road closure maps and suggested alternate routes . this information is available at : www . downtownstreets . com / i - 45 / i - 45 . html , bookmark for further reference . this site will be updated as road construction projects progress . 
2	Subject: b , uy vi ` codin . online today , overnight shipping looking for vlcodln ? only place you can get it without prescription : glad 4 myrx now with same - day shipping , we are unbeatable . under - priced deals on other products like vallum too . deals wont last - visit us now !  
2	Subject: re : get together this coming tuesday ? dale , i can reserve 2 to 2 : 30 time slot but there is really not much that i can tell you at this point . the commercial groups are still interested and are moving towards the test of the package . as soon as they will decide to move ahead , we ( research ) shall be involved , helping to evaluate the product . as i have said , we are not the decision makers in this case . i think that we should allow simply the process to run its course . vince " dale m . nesbitt " on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 59 : 30 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ? vince : i will call tomorrow in the morning . lunch or right after lunch would be great . how would 100 pm work for you ? dale - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 07 pm to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com cc : kimberly . watson @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : get together this coming tuesday ? dale , please , call me on tuesday . my morning schedule is full but i am open in the afternoon . vince " dale m . nesbitt " on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 51 : 21 am please respond to to : " vincent kaminski " , " kimberly s . watson " cc : subject : get together this coming tuesday ? vince / kim : i am flying to houston tonight and wondered if it would fit one or both of your schedules to get together this coming tuesday sometime for 1 / 2 hour or so . i really want to reinitiate the conversations marketpoint was having with john goodpasture and you , and he said either or both of you were the right people to continue after his responsibility shift . john was quite positive about the idea of enron acquiring marketpoint narg through license , and he implied that one or both of you would be carrying the ball in that direction after he handed it to you . would this coming tuesday morning at 930 am be a good time for you guys ? if so , please give me an email shout at the above address or leave a message on my voicemail at ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 . i think you will be truly impressed with the scope and progress we have been able to make with both the short run narg and the long run narg in which you were interested ( not to mention our power model ) . the progress is noticeable since you saw it . both long and short term narg are having quite an impact on a number of gas decisions at the moment ranging from venezuelan lng , north american lng import terminals and term , gas basis calculations , trading support , power plant development , gas - to - power price spreads in key markets , veracity of heat rate trades , bank financings , storage field evaluation , and which new pipelines we can expect to see enter and which are dogs . i really hope we can fit it in and get our discussions moving in a mutually productive direction again . i think narg can help you become even more successful , and i look forward to working with you . we have a new office address and new phone number as well . ( we move in may 1 . ) altos management partners 95 main street , suite 10 los altos , ca 94022 ( 650 ) 948 - 8830 voice ( 650 ) 948 - 8850 fax ( 650 ) 218 - 3069 cellular give the phones a week or so to get " debugged " and then switch over . dale 
2	Subject: get the home of your dreams ! congrats , approval your mtg process is approved , for rates starting at 2 . 99 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application , which does not ask for any sensative info . our lenders are standing by to give you your 500 , 000 . 00 loan . thank you visit us at the iink below :  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123104 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstca mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ devers interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000 engy _ type : wheel * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8000 engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000 engy _ type : wheel 
2	Subject: we ' d like to invite you to be one of our survey takers . survey takers are needed in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for joining our survey team ( ) . qheebkws 
2	Subject: action plan sally thank you for taking the time to see me when i was in houston , and for lunch . i am working on a detailed comprehensive plan of action to enact the changes we discussed re the settlement and confirmations procedures transfer . due to the volume of work that was on my desk upon my return this is not coming together quite as quickly as i would like and therefore we are going to have to look at it piece by piece . we need to issue a new authorised signatory list this week for enron australia energy and enron australia finance pty ltd due to changes in the dealer structure and therefore we have decided that this would be a good opportunity to make the change to the approval of confirmations . as agreed , we will have sydney office take over responsibility for signing all confirmations . this means they are still prepared in sydney , as they are now , with the change of procedure being that they will now be signed in sydney and faxed from here to our clients . the primary signatories will be the managing director ( paul quilkey ) or the chief financial officer ( heidi mason ) . in the event of both being unavailable they will be signed by the senior legal counsel ( david minns ) . the confirmation log will be maintained in its entirety by sydney office and will be held in a directory accessible by houston . this will allow independent audit review to occur as required . in order to implement this change we have prepared a new authorised signatories list which we are planning to distribute at the end of this week . in the meantime could you please advise of what action needs to be taken in houston to ensure all the relevant areas are advised . clearly a key individual will be sue frusco . when i met with sue in houston we discussed briefly the fact that you and i had agreed that invoicing and confirmations would move to sydney but at that stage there was no timing raised . sue seemed happy to stay with the current arrangements until such time as we implemented a change . do you want me to advise sue or will someone from houston speak to her ? thanks heidi 
2	Subject: photos self line east much , white or . rest won ' t might listen . always , observe equal work poor . capital few body . wide earth list . six , sudden edge , story deep . ten wood but observe seven man this . both song it , every sentence , than . work idea example . cut cold star . though stand subject began came . what use hair . end , eye morning keep . subtract it example . see first foot trade , after , every . - - phone : 344 - 427 - 3782 mobile : 603 - 294 - 6731 email : darlagarth @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: do you really wanna pay for cable ? how have you been , visioson @ hpp . za . net never pay for ppv sports , movies , adult channels , ondemand , ever again ! get yourself a 54 mhz cablefilter for your t . v . then start saving on your cable bills ! it ' ll pay for itself by your next bill ! goto our page below our page : click 2 out . com sincerely , haley pilger no : c l i c k 2 o u t . c o m / r 
2	Subject: fw : cynthia franklin update louise , per our conversation yesterday , i am hoping that the email from bob superty is sufficient correspondence to enable john to hire cindy franklin into the wellhead desk . please confirm this is correct by sending me or jeanie slone an email with your approval . by the way , applied terravision is up again today ( + . 10 ) and has traded as high as 1 . 50 . the last trade was at 1 . 40 . in addition , i spoke with wes about having eight seats on the floor for the wellhead / ecommerce effort under john grass . i will have to meet with arnold today , because to individuals will have to move in order for me to have access to two vacant seats . the need for eight seats is broken out as follows : kathy kelly - wellhead cindy franklin - wellhead dayem khandker - wellhead / ecommerce judy thorne - wellhead john grass - wellhead / ecommerce jean mrha vacant - expected ecommerce originator need after expected closing of outsourcing deals vacant - ecommerce associate / analyst i am conflicted about having a seat on six and on five , but i think it is necessary from a management / business perspective . do you concur ? regards , mrha - - - - - original message - - - - - from : superty , robert sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 9 : 16 am to : kitchen , louise cc : grass , john ; mrha , jean ; kelly , katherine ; hall , bob m . ; beck , sally ; lamadrid , victor ; de jesus , frank subject : fw : cynthia franklin update louise , attached is a short note from cindy franklin ' s manager in logisitics , victor lamadrid , and a more detailed progress report which was also written by him . i completely agree with victor ' s assessment and have no doubt that cindy will continue to improve and become an even more valuable and productive employee . i believe she is well suited for the new position in the upstream services group . please let me know if you have any additonal concerns , questions - bob superty - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lamadrid , victor sent : tue 4 / 17 / 2001 9 : 34 pm to : kelly , katherine cc : robert superty / hou / ect @ enron ; hall , bob m . ; de jesus , frank ; jeanie slone / hou / ect @ enron subject : cynthia franklin update kathy , per your request , below is the letter updating you on cyndi ' s progress . i think , she will be a very good addition to your team . her experience and familiarity with our systems / procedures as well as her industry contacts should make your operations more effective and efficient . if you have any questions , please let me know . please forward this to all necessary personnel . once this move is approved , let ' s get together soon afterward and discuss a transition plan . thanks victor 3 - 4221 > 
2	Subject: re : re : software license stinson , i ' m not sure who was going to handle this project - tom moore or laine borgman . so , by this e - mail , i will ask the appropriate person to respond to you . i have also given tom ' s name and e - mail address to ms . geman . they will just need to change in article 17 of the software license agreement the response time from 2 to 3 days and the software license part should be done . the only thing that would leave then is ms . geman ' s response regarding the escrow agreement as to whether it was agreeable to her and her law firm ( who would be holding the source code in escrow ) . i ' m not sure whether ms . geman has responded to tom about that or not . i have sent electronic copies of all of the documents to both tom and laine to finalize once ms . geman responded . tom can be reached at : x 55552 laine can be reached at : x 56470 thanks , karla stinson gibner @ ect 10 / 20 / 00 01 : 39 pm to : karla feldman / enron communications @ enron communications cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : re : software license karla , sorry for the delay . i have been out for the last three weeks . vince tells me that he has talked to ms . geman and they agreed on a time of 3 business days for a response time . is there someone else now handling this project ? thanks , stinson from : karla feldman on 09 / 27 / 2000 04 : 24 pm to : gemanix @ aol . com @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : re : software license ms . geman , i apologize for the delay , but i finally have drafted an escrow agreement for placing the software in escrow with your attorneys . please review and have your attorneys review and let me know if it is acceptable . i will be leaving the department i have been working in and moving to a different enron subsidiary on october 13 . if at all possible , could we try to get the software license agreement and the escrow agreement wrapped up before i leave so that someone else does not have to try to pick up where i left off ? i think we are just about in agreement on the software license portion . seems like the only outstanding question had to do with your concern regarding providing a response time of 2 business days . i do not have any answers regarding that - maybe vince kaminski or stinson gibner can respond on this issue . i look forward to hearing from you and trying to get this finalized within the next 2 weeks if possible . thank you , karla feldman enron corp . ( 713 ) 646 - 7554 
2	Subject: points for singh meet vince , please find below a note i had prepared for wade cline who is meeting with a representative of the prime minister ' s office tomorrow . i think you may find these points useful . additionally , i am attaching a copy of a small presentation i made , saturday in mumbai on roadblocks in the power sector with special reference to wat needs to be done to start trading ( & its benefits ) . i have been working with the henwood team that arrived today , and i think a good part of the data is now in place . i will be arranging meeting with some officicals from the transmission side and gather any additional data there too . krishan got in last night ( i conveyed your best wishes to him ) . we will hopefully have a useful day with henwood folks tomorrow . i look forward to being in houston , possibly by the end of the coming week . hope you and the team are doing well ! ! regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 01 / 15 / 2001 01 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sandeep kohli 01 / 15 / 2001 01 : 17 am to : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : points for singh meet wade , please find below a brief note on what i feel your tack should be with n . k . singh ( who is supposed to be a hard negotiator ) . i am assuming here that this will be more of an introductory meeting where both sides are feeling out the other . the two meetings i had arranged over the weekend , would hopefully , have given you a better idea of the thinking of at least these two people o the issue . incidentally , in the indian system , the governor of any state is a central government nominee . he is the eyes and ears of the central govt . in the state . please see basak ' s meeting in that light . the message he takes will likely go directly to the pmo in delhi . i will therefore be working closely to convey the right impression . for n . k . singh clearly there are three things you would try to convey : a description of the problem , some of the resultant consequences if it is not solved soon enough , and conveying the fact that there are win - win solutions well within the goi ' s power to implement , that would in fact enhance his reputation and the country ' s as one that lives up to its reputation i would be careful to make the point that we are not going to give up any value , but are willing to be accomodative to mseb , gom , and goi needs , either through financial re - engineering , or through getting direct access to the market in some areas . this will also fly well with enron management that is more comfortable with market risks than political . describing the problem dpc has a ppa , backed by goi mseb ' s monthy collections not improving - are in the range of rs . 900 cr . / month mseb , and gom clearly do not have the resources , in the short run ( 3 - 5 yrs . ) to meet these obligations ; hence central intervention is needed . in a grid of 13000 mw ( maharashtra grid size ) , absorbing an additional 1440 mw ( phase ii ) at one go is difficult ; however if we take western region , grid size is 42000 mw . clearly absorbing all the power in that framework is much easier . to this if we add northern and southern grids , we can probably evacuate out another 500 - 700 mw through the interconnects . hence , there is definitely value in looking at this issue at a national level . additionally , it is not just solvable at that level , but actually answers to the crying need for power in the country , and hence is a boon for the govt . , and should be treated as such . consequences of not solving the problem we can call upon the sovereign guarantee , which will cover our partial payments . however , this would almost definitely lead to a deterioration of the country ' s credit rating - put back incoming investments into the petroleum sector ( where private participation program is about to be unveiled in 25 o we need to get someone to negotiate with . please use your good offices to quickly form a representative group that includes central , state govt . , and seb representatives so that we can work on the solution . without active participation from pm ' s office , we are likely to waste precious time bouncing between the seb , gom , and various ministries of goi . hope this helps . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: re : agenda for houston visit christian , good news vince has approved getting a corporate apartment for your stay please forward your finalized arrival date and extent of stay and i will coordinate - - - mike 
2	Subject: brand new teenager peeing you don ' t know me from adam . : ) iyakubonana nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours . i don ' t deserve this award , but i have arthritis , and i don ' t deserve that , either . the most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother . tricks and treachery are the practice of fools , that don ' t have brains enough to be honest . a heart that loves is always young . if you drink , don ' t drive . don ' t even putt . husbands never become good they merely become proficient . only from the heart can you touch the sky . even if it is to be , what end do you serve by running to distress ? it is a terrible thing to look over your shoulder when you are trying to lead - - and find no one there . i hated her now with a hatred more fatal than indifference because it was the other side of love . reading makes a full man , meditation a profound man , discourse a clear man . a few strong instincts and a few plain rules suffice us . we are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins , for life . eroticism is assenting to life even in death . truly great friends are hard to find , difficult to leave , and impossible to forget . the weeping of an heir is laughter in disguise . the harder i work the luckier i get . 
2	Subject: fw : revised marketing list louise , attached is the list of top 50 counterparties . as mentioned in my prior emails , and mentioned by credit in our meeting this morning : credit have a list ( the one you previously supplied ) , but have been frustrated in that the list shows only group names and does not show the specific legal entities within the group name whom we need to approve ( e . g . aquila risk management corp vs . aquilla capital and trade ) . attached is a list which we put together which was taken from the top 50 power and top 50 gas customer lists , based on online transactions . further work needs to be done to add back the actual power ranking and prioritise based on total value of business between both gas and power , and to prioritise the sub - entities , but this should give you an idea of what we hope to have ready to send to credit tomorrow . i ' m trying to reconcile how giving them this list helps at this late stage , but they have requested it , so i intend to provide it tomorrow , unless you have any objections . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mcquade , jennifer sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 4 : 40 pm to : forster , david cc : carter , carl subject : revised marketing list added all of louise ' s counterparties except for a couple for which we did no trade on eol with that specific entity - i . e . jp morgan chase continued to trade on eol as the chase manhattan bank . jen 
2	Subject: hpl deal downloads - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david baumbach / hou / ect on 02 / 26 / 2001 03 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tommy yanowski / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 26 / 2001 03 : 11 pm to : thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , heather a johnson / enron @ enronxgate subject : hpl deal downloads i ' ve attached two files with hpl deal information . the file named hpl deals with 3 rd parties contain all hplc deals and ena deals on hpl . i plan to send this file to aep by tueday morning unless i hear of any objection . the second file named ena texas offsystem deals contains deals that i ' m not sure if they are a part of the sale or not . i am asking david baumbach to review this file to let me know what needs to be excluded . i will hold off on sending the second file until their is consensus on the content . - tommy 
2	Subject: hi paliourg got meds ? complete stocks . she ark puckish hi paliourg , our online shop is your source for locating many prescription drugs without a prior prescription in compliance with fda regulations . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban most trusted name brands . buy online in the comfort of your home . global shipping available . please copy and paste this link into your browser naturalways . biz best regards , lawanda mccarty  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: onseek . com - site submission incomplete . the following url was submitted to onseek . com : http : / / www . datapest . net in order for your site to be listed , you need to confirm your submission by clicking the link below : important : onseek is a meta tag search engine . this means your site will not be added to our database unless it has title and meta description tags . to automatically generate these tags for your site ( at no cost ) and learn more about search engine optimization , visit submitexpress or netmechanic . need more visitors to your website ? check out our featured listings : for one low , flat fee you get : an attractive ad box - your choice of keywords - top 10 ranking in 45 + search engines - placement within 6 - 8 hrs ! for details , and to order , go to : build your traffc with abcsearch ! get $ 100 of fr - e - e qualified visitors get the traffc you want while increasing your roi . sign - up today and we will match any initial deposit up to $ 100 . geo - targeting , full reporting and results at the clck of a button ! get going at : http : / / www . abcsearch . com / advertisersplash . html start earning a residualincome with your website ! internet gaming is the fastest growing segment of web - based commerce today ! benefit from the popularity of online gaming with little or no and earn tremendous amounts of money . you can expect to earn 20 % to 40 % of the profts off each new player . signup for fre at : http : / / www . vipprofits . com guaranteed top placement on mamma . com 24 / 7 client center access ; live customer service ; geo - targeting by country . signup today and get $ 10 of free - clicks added to your initial deposit of $ 25 ! http : / / www . mamma . com / fr - e - e targeted traffc there ' s a fully automated traffic - generation system that can send 1000 s of targeted prospects to your website , every single day , for f - r - e - e ! it takes just 5 minutes to set it up , and it ' s totally " viral " . . . check it out at guaranteed top 10 positions in major search engines submitplus and indexexpress are the most powerfultools available today ! learn how you can turn your web site into a top contender within days without breaking the bank . http : / / www . submitplus . com / spn user - friendly seo program - try it f - r - e - e for 90 days a key factor in building website traffc is to use the best tools available . exactseek ' s seo solution gives you immediate access to 7 effective optimization tools . get higher ranking on the top global search engines starting today . http : / / www . exactseek . com / seotools . html note : onseek reserves the right to use the contact information collected during site submission to deliver notices regarding updates to our service , to provide fr - ee newsletters ( sitepronews or seo - news ) , or to to inform you of offers we believe are of value to webmasters and site owners . you may remove yourself from those mailings at anytime using the unsubscribe methods provided in those mailings or by clicking the link below . click here to unsubscribe note : unsubscribing will result in future site submissions being blocked . additional information about onseek ' s privacy policy can be found at : http : / / www . onseek . com / privacy . html or contact us by mail at : jayde online , inc . , suite 190 23 - 845 dakota street , winnipeg , mb canada r 2 m 5 m 3 . copyright 2003 onseek . com , all rights reserved  
2	Subject: donation for the lord donation for the lord from : mrs . praise uwaoma please endeavour to use it for the children of god . i am the above name person from sierra - leone . i am married to dr theophilus uwaoma who worked with sierra leonian embassy in south africa for nine years before he died in the year 2000 . we were married for eleven years without a child . he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days . before his death we were both born again christians and we lived happilly . since his death , i decided not to re - marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the bible is really against . when my late husband was alive he secured $ 15 million ( fifteen million u . s . dollars ) with financial institution here in cote d ' ivoire . presently , this money is still with the financial institution . recently , my doctor told me that from all the test conducted on my health , i am not going to last long , expecially , due to my cancer and stroke . but what disturbs me most now is stroke . having known my condition , i decided to donate this fund to churches or christian individual that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct . i want a church or individual that will use this money to fund churches , orphanages and widows . also , the propagation of the work of god , building and maintaining the house of god through this money , is very important . the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i took this decision because i don ' t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians . i don ? t want my husband ' s hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers , for their own selfish interest and in an ungodly manner . i am not afraid of death hence i know where i am going . i know that i am going to be in the bossom of the lord . exodus 14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold my peace . i don ' t need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health , and because of the presence of my husband ' s relatives around me sometimes . i don ' t want them to know about this development , but i know that with god all things are possible . as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the financial institution in ivory coast . i will also give you all information regarding the deposit of this money . i will also issue you a letter of authority that will empower you as the original - beneficiary of this fund . i want you and your church to always pray for me because god work in misterious ways . my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian . who ever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth . please always be prayerful all through your life . any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or christian individual for this same purpose . please assure me that you will act accordingly as i stated herein . hoping to hear from you soon . remain blessed in the name of the lord . yours in christ , mrs praise uwaoma 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010621 . txt 
2	Subject: building a database for exception reporting currently , i am receiving exception reporting from many of your groups in excel . we have started to build a database to replace the excel reporting . in order to make the reporting easy on you we would like to build the database around your current systems . in order to do this , you and people in your groups will be receiving calls from kelly tisman , who is responsible for building the database . please make some time to show her your systems and needs as far as the reporting is concerned . attached is the list of people she is planning to contact . if it needs updated , please let kelly know . thanks shona 
2	Subject: acomodation in brazil reservations now ! ! ! acomodation in brazil reservations now ! ! ! copacabana - ipanema - leblon we have exactly what you need in apartments , either on vacation or on business , for one day , one week or more . we have the best on residencial service , oor . studios , 1 , 2 , 3 or 4 bedrooms near the beach , beach view or oceon front . apartments just one block from the ipanema beach , the girl from ipanema ' s bar , the street market ( on sundays ) , grocery stores , banks , stores and the best restaurants . www . apartmentt . net call : 55 xx 21 2549 9157 - 9688 2456 agency adess . : copacabana av . 613 / 208 rio de janeiro - rj brazil 
2	Subject: sshs . . get low cost software cds or download ! find , compare and buy business and productivity software and other computer software products . http : / / uga . 07 mx 3 hitfsopxj 0 . socagefh . com intellectual passion dries out sensuality . only actions give life strength ; only moderation gives it a charm . 
2	Subject: we owe you $ 099620 your [ m ] ortgage application was approved . you are eligible for a $ 541234 loan and a 2 . 5 % fixed rate . please complete the form to process your application : http : / / www . ggflnp . com / j 8 / li . php ? l 4 d  55 imort broker association , llc . not interested  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012007 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: new meter number tetco enerfin is going to be assigned meter # 0439 . activity will be scheduled under this meter for october lst . jackie young is assigned this meter . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: let us compare rates for you hell , o debdar home owner , we have beeehn notified that your m ; ort : gocage rate is f 6 kixe 9 rd at a v , ery hi 53 gath interest ratute . tphereforje you are cu ! rrent overpaygring , wvyhkuich sums - up to thjuouusandmis of doqullars anwnually . lunckily ffaor you we can gu ? aranqtee the lowest rat ) es in th # e u . s . ( 3 . 5 so % ) . sazo hu ` rry becbause the rate forecast i 2 ts not look ( ing good ! there irss no obligatio margin - right : 8 " align  " center " > locfk on the 3 . 5069 % , e $ ven wit ] h bad cr ` enqdrqit ! click hzere now fior d 3 aetvjails rptemove here postal address % paddress  
2	Subject: departure of grant masson the research group : it is with a deep sense of regret that i announce that grant masson will be leaving the research group and enron , effective today . grant has been a very important part of the research group ' s growth and stability within enron and he will be deeply missed . we wish him the very best in his new venture and want to send him off with all the " good " wishes and support that he deserves . however , since i will be out of town all next week , we will postone the " good luck and best wishes " party for grant until sometime within the next 3 weeks . an announcement will be forthcoming at a later date . please take a minute to wish grant the " best " . sincerely , vince 
2	Subject: fw : saturday update hi louise , just thought you should know . . . we ' ve kept the mixed estate / netco application development teams bound together for these migration efforts and its just remarkable how hard these people are working . most of the dba team , headed by mable tang ( oracle ) and charles brewer ( sql server ) have been putting in very long hours and last night most didn ' t go home ! ( really ) . the livelink team were here untill the small hours too . the infrastructure server people in particular ( charles ballmer and michael barber ) and their team members have worked very hard over the last week , getting ready . they are all set to pull off the netco migration during the latter part of next week and through the weekend , and everyone seems to be very confident that we ' ll pull it off . i ' d like to make special mention of one young lady called jane henry ( just a specialist ! ) who has more front than sainsbury ' s ( can ' t explain that to an american ! ) , who has been acting as anchor and project co - ordinator for all the activities and working long nights . she manages to keep control of all those strong personalities and kept us all on track . i ' d be very gratefull if you could find time to drop her a quick line . . . . she ' d be impressed at the recognition . . . . regards steve - - - - - original message - - - - - subject : re : saturday update i ' d like to thank everyone involved in the efforts since friday night ! i know a number of you stayed through the night to get us in good shape for this morning . well done especially to those people . great teamwork . its outstanding how much effort everyone has put into this , and i look forward to seeing the completion of the testing tomorrow . see you there ! best regards steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : henry , jane hilburn sent : sat 1 / 12 / 2002 3 : 23 pm to : stock , steve ; johnson , jeff ; schomer , chris ; smith , regan m . ; ballmer , charles ; larkin , brian ; newland , william ; patel , piyush ; ward , bob ; brewer , charles ; tang , mable ; charbonnet , clement ; matson , randy ; nat , steve ; nommensen , dave ; merrell , brad ; ogden , arlene ; chitradurga , sundar ; jia , winston ; luu , duong ; poston , david ; powell , john d . ; ramesh , ganapathy ; rao , ramesh ; warner , john ; wei , zhiyong ; dolan , michael ; barber , michael ; gubser , marlin ; dziadek , keith ; sanborn , brandee ; sanvido , terry ; constantine , chris ; pua , cornelio ; wang , n . jessie ; simpson , stephen ; hall , rich ; cheng , john ; shishido , scott ; saleem , aftab ; krishnaswamy , jayant ; brennan , ryan ; pullicino , marcus ; schmidt , mark ; renaud , todd ; mcnair , darren ; qavi , faheem ; deleon , roberto ; beyer , troy ; james , matthew ; martinez , bob ; yanowski , tommy j . ; conley , tom ; cinelli , steve ; mckeel , richard ; harmon , kenneth m . ; stevens , wilford ; smith , bruce ; fortney , bill ; wong , jeremy ; lim , francis s . ; yang , sean ; dronet , david ; bharathi , jaikishore ; ray , edward cc : subject : saturday update we have completed the estate migration . there are a few outstanding issues with enpower that dave poston ' s team will resolve , but i have been told that they are minor . we will still have the 4 : 00 pm today and 12 : 00 pm tomorrow checkpoints on the bridgeline for informational purposes . please feel free to call my cell with any additional concerns : 713 - 515 - 1601 . - jane 
2	Subject: tbg louise , i ran into john and he asked for a recap on tbg . he has some history with this account and was aware of my direction . bottom line - he asked that i come by tomorrow to discuss . i am fine with your instructions to put this on hold . i will not move to get with john until you approve . frank 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly report from 9 / 20 / 01 - 9 / 26 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: work some magic our perfume has real human sexual attractant in it . direct from the laboratory to you ! pick up the opposite gender like a magnet press here after i saw that story on dateline nbc about your perfume i ordered some and i am " extremely " satisfied . women are now coming up and talking to me ! i don ' t even have to use pick - up lines anymore . thank you . - robert y . in tuscon , az . to whom it may concern : thank you for your prompt service and remarkable product . my wife and i haven ' t been so ' frisky ' in years . it ' s just like our honeymoon again . please find my payment enclosed for another bottle of your perfume . thanks again . - leslie a . in macon , ga . press to stop receiving or not send to postal center slot 1200 b , oranje stad , a ruba rob followed with beating heart , and soon was clasped close to his mother ' s breastoh , my boy - - my dear boy ! she murmured , and then for very joy and love she was unable to say more , but held him tight and stroked his hair gently and kissed him again and again rob said little , except to promise that he would never again leave home without her full consent and knowledge  
2	Subject: exclusively for you . from the desk of mr . dubs spencer halifax bank of scotland private banking west end london office st james ' s gate 14 / 16 cockspur street london swly 5 bl . date : april 5 , 2005 . ref : hbos / private / prime / 1107061978 . i am a senior partner in the firm of prime consultants : private investigators and security consultants . we are conducting a standard process investigation on behalf of halifax bank of scotland ( hbos ) , the international banking conglomerate located in the united kingdom . this investigation involves a client who shares the same surname with you and also the circumstances surrounding investments made by this client at hbos republic , the private banking arm of the bank of scotland international . the hbos private banking client died intestate and nominated no successor in title over the investments made with the bank . the essence of this communication with you is to request you provide us information / comments on any or all of the four issues : 1 - are you aware of any relative / relation who shares your same surname ? 2 - are you aware of any investment of considerable value made by such a person at the private banking division of hbos plc ? 3 - can you establish beyond reasonable doubt your eligibility to assume status of successor in title to the deceased ? it is pertinent that you inform us asap whether or not you are familiar with this personality that we may put an end to this communication with you and our inquiries surrounding this personality . you must appreciate that we are constrained from providing you with more detailed information at this point . please respond to this mail as soon as possible to afford us the opportunity to close this investigation . thank you for accommodating our inquiry . mrs . loyce olinger , for mr . dubs spencer prime consultants mail enviado desde el servicio de webmail en php - n . . .  
2	Subject: grossmargin here is the posting for 3 / 16 - 3 / 18 . i will be out on vacation 3 / 29 - 3 / 26 . michelle will be covering this for me . michelle , jim ' s phone number at sempra is 203 - 355 - 5065 . you will need to call him for sempra ' s daily cal border sale price . richardson products is gas daily socal large pkgs . minus gas daily el paso permian . thanks for your help . aloha ! tk 
2	Subject: fw : western energy - - winter demand peaks not expected to result in price spikes or reliability problems - cera monthly briefing note : the following cera analysis speaks to the california / western markets . i am also attaching a presentation i found from the northwest power planning council that has some insightful hydro predictions . see both of the reports below . title : one tight winter peak remains western energy - - winter demand peaks not expected to result in price spikes or reliability problems building natural gas and power supplies are providing a cushion for the western energy markets for this winter . although seasonal gas and power demand spikes will again push prices higher , this winter will not look like the winter of 2000 / 01 . unlike during the record high gas and power prices and blackouts last year winter , reduced demand , increased gas storage levels , and new gas and power supplies will significantly temper prices and significantly reduce the risk of supply disruptions . * a supply build of 300 million cubic feet ( mmcf ) per day in the rockies and 900 mmcf in western canada is meeting with declining demand in the west * fourth quarter power demand is expected to be 13 percent below levels last year , while over 5 , 000 megawatts of new supply has been added this year * only severe cold weather , prolonged drought , or a supply disruption could produce a reliability problem this winter * * end * * 
2	Subject: application was accepted . confirm results we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 698 - 184 ] * negotiable amount : $ 125 , 063 to $ 692 , 879 * rate : 3 . 40 % - 5 . 33 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , adolfo stanley senior account manager prime lenders , inc . database deletion : http : / / www . mon - nowz . net / r . php  
2	Subject: better than viagra use cialis soft tabs . tons of happy customers all around the world . you will feel like a man again . cialis acts up to 36 hours , while other medicines like viagra only last for a couple of hours . the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . just dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before action , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! read more here : http : / / reascends . net / cs / ? coupon no thanks : http : / / reascends . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: re : [ stoutly ] 68 % - off dreamweaver mx 2004 expounded legalization best offer : windows xp professional + office xp professional . . . $ 80 http : / / www . fejbcmba . info / ? bkdgdccr 59 cumvb 22 b 3 aldf : adobe - photoshop 7 + premiere 7 + illustrator 10 . . . $ 120 dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 . . . $ 100 wnwdois xp pro . . . $ 50 plus a lot more . . . hesperus necessitate antiredeposition electrocardiogram abhor breaches exacerbating chicanas running affiliate icings knockers superbly pathetic revolve embraces chat agent marbles trends district extreme reimbursement 
2	Subject: alp presentation vince and ken , dean gil whittaker of the rice business school has also confirmed ! ! pass the word on to the students ( no pressure ! ! ha ! ! ) - i think i ' ll go ahead and put the word out to some of the active rice alums here at enron - - it ' ll be a great event ! thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " gilbert r . whitaker , jr . " on 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 15 : 28 pm to : christie . patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : re : alp presentation christie - i have rearranged my schedule and will be very pleased to attend the alp presentation and dinner at enron . thanks . gil at 06 : 01 pm 4 / 10 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > president gillis and dean whitaker , > > enron would be honored with your presense at the presentation set forth > below . > > under the guidance of vince kaminski and his team here at enron , we are > thoroughly enjoying working with this group of bright and enthusiastic rice > students . we hope you can join us for the culmination of their significant > efforts . > > please let me know - - thanks ! ! > > - - christie . > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 > 05 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > > vince j kaminski > 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am > > to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu , > lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley > crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron > > subject : alp presentation > > on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project > presentation by a group of students > of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university . > > the students will present the results of a research project regarding > electronic trading > platforms in the energy industry . > > the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith . > > we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation . > > > vince kaminski > > vincent kaminski > managing director - research > enron corp . > 1400 smith street > room ebl 962 > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 > ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell ) > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject:  a only solution to penis enlargement limited time offer : add atleast 4 inches or your money back ! - - - > click here and learn more ! no more offers  
2	Subject: are you curious how much dinero you can pocket on taablets ? feel like you  re the only one over paying for quality rxmeds ? you can join the others that are eshopping for taablets and putting bucks back in their pocketbook . if you demand quality relief , check our medzone for top - selling medicals on pain , severe tensions , male reproductive tissue dysfunction , severe tensions , man ' s care , raised cholesterin , over vveight , muscle - relaxant and sleepingaids . bringing you convenience with our timely delivery services . grab this wonderful chance to take advantage of our lowered pricing on quality taablets . have your case profile checked by licensed experts in a timely manner . seek for the bestddeals on tablets at our cyber space novv ! n elbow - chair , i watch her w " do let us have the pleasure of taking you home . here is excellent room he said , and as if it were the result of immediate feeling , inding her br ight curls round her fingers , a nd str for three , i assure you . if we were all like you , i believe we might aitening her waist 8 , and nob 8 ody knows better than i do tha 
2	Subject: affordable pharmaceuticals . . . . darvocet . . . vallum . . . xnax . . . buspar few telegraph employing separate cutesy 004227 , " we are your your convenient , safe and private on ^ line source for fda a . ppro ` ved prescriptions . if you need x ^ an @ x , v @ | ium , vi ^ co ` din , s . oma , paxil or meridia we have it . overnight sh ~ ipping get it today : http : / / yihdqpq . haughtily 7 perception . info / 15 simple or - dering system nope , not for me : http : / / bermuda . ashamed . gfg 4 sd . com / b . html derrick presidential savonarola editorial canna seltzer embower physique impinge thin benefactor collaborate jab . 
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 ujn 5 l order for : mitra mujica 1 x ( option : 128 mb upgrade for deskpro en 6600 $ 63 ) 1 x ( standard desktop $ 905 ) enron it purchasing * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to : mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com 
2	Subject: 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives hello vince , my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les clewlow , who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at warwick business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets - hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently come to my attention : " the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives " , the us power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 . and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy . incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at university of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk , where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry . thanks in advancve bernard murphy 
2	Subject: re : here is a story stetson pleasant destroy weller melanie lame northern bulwark evocation chromatin o n l i n e u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s d e g r e e s obtain diploma , degree , master we send the certificate to all countries ( worldwide ) consider a prosperous future , money earning power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews required . discrete and affordable . everyone eligible . call now - your diploma awaits you ! ! ! 1 - 650 - 239 - 8656 ( 24 hours on call ) calls returned promptly . confidentiality assured . call now - - - - - 1 - 650 - 239 - 8656 ( 24 hours on call ) cationic evenhanded phosgene kombu sheppard jam deemphasize adoptive loomis g ' s cafeteria admire custer caleb eavesdropping cloth recur molly  
2	Subject: fixed price swap profile please respond to pat anderson [ [ enron 42 . xls : 2599 in enron 42 . xls ] ] darren , thanks for your patience . call me when you have the time to go over this . patricia anderson 512 - 370 - 8280 - enron 42 . xls 
2	Subject: popular meds at lowest prices we are now carrying v / alium ! save cash , buy ge . neric ! no previous presc . ription needed ! - x / anax - treatment for anxiety - - phe / ntermine - - for wei / ght loss - via / gra - at wholesale cost - - ambian - sleep like a baby - lipitor - reduce cholesterol - nexium to treat acid reflux - pa . xil - to treat mental ailments i . e . depression or panic attacks - - vioxx - - p . ain relief check out canadian ge . nerics below : try some now http : / / 12 wmeds 3 . com / hos t / e m a i lr e mov e . as p ( no s paces )  
2	Subject: el paso articles today - ngi note : the following 3 articles deal with 3 different issues : lst - - marketing related 2 nd - operations / marketing related 3 rd - legislative / regulatory related el paso explosion takes 500 mmcf / d off market about 1 bcf / d of flow on el paso ' s south mainline downstream of pecos river ( nm ) station ceased after the pipeline exploded early saturday , killing 10 people and seriously injuring two others at a nearby campsite . el paso said monday it was able to compensate for about half that volume through a combination of fuel switching by downstream customers , maximum storage withdrawals , an ofo and other customer cooperation . the market reaction was rather predictable as all three california points rose by about 35 cents to lead an overall price surge . however , utilities in the state did not appear to be experiencing any supply problems . socal gas said storage and supplies from other southwest receipt points were adequate to avoid any problems . a gas operations official for los angeles dept . of water and power also saw no reason for panic . from past similar incidents on southwest pipelines , he expected that the approximately 80 - feet - long section missing from el paso ' s line could be " slapped back into place rather quickly . " el paso itself had no estimate for when it can restore service in the impacted segment ; it must get approval rom the federal investigators before beginning repairs or evaluating a restart of the adjacent lines . but a large aggregator and a marketer agreed with the ladwp official that it should be " a quick mechanical fix " once repairs begin . the aggregator believed downtime could be as short as a week . no customers were cut off as a result of the rupture but some were getting reduced volumes , an el paso spokeswoman said . northern natural gas was seeing a throughput increase of 200 - 300 mmcf / d monday while transwestern volumes were up 50 - 75 mmcf / d as a result of shippers diverting gas away from el paso ' s south mainline , an enron spokeswoman said . a producer said she diverted as much of her company ' s gas as possible from el paso to transwestern . people were reluctant to trade permian basin gas monday , especially at fixed prices , because of doubts about how much would be able to flow , several sources said . permian numbers rose a little less than 18 cents as part of the general upturn . however , it was waha prices that saw a bigger increase of nearly 30 cents as a result . " everything in el paso - permian ' s keystone pool was going back into waha , " said a marketer , putting waha in the mid $ 4 . 60 s at a premium of more than a nickel above henry hub . the southern california border , at an average of nearly $ 5 . 30 , led the rest of monday ' s market by a large margin . before trading began , enrononline was offering border swing swaps for the rest of the month at $ 5 . 85 - 95 , a marketer said . with swing swaps priced so high , it gave sellers more confidence in what prices they could command in the day market , he said . " either way , i wouldn ' t want to be short right now at the border . " there were lots of rumors but no facts available on what caused the el paso rupture , noted one aggregator . " but it ' s a good thing it didn ' t happen until after california had cooled off . otherwise i could easily have seen the border basis spread from san juan basin go as high as $ 2 . 50 " instead of the approximate gap of $ 1 . 70 egistered monday by daily gpi . a knowledgeable source provided his analyis of the blast : the structure of the crater made the rupture " look like a line integrity problem from the way it blew out . " the earth can harbor leaking gas for a while until eventually everything all goes up at once . people nearby would not have detected anything because gas is odorless in long - haul lines ; the mercaptan odorant is not added until it gets to the local distribution stage . pipeline safety surveyors usually will look for dead vegetation in the vicinity to detect a leak , but this was a desert area with very little vegetation . it is easily possible for escaping gas to hug the ground for the approximate 500 - foot distance to the victims ' campsite and seek an ignition source there . it is a normal tendency for gas leaking into the atmosphere to stay close to the ground , and that tendency would have been amplied by the chilliness of the pre - dawn desert . the source went on to say , " i think there will be lot more of this [ ruptures ] in the future with many pipes becoming at least 40 - 50 years old . " el paso was unlucky in experiencing one of the early incidents , he said , because the situation applies to the other lines with old pipe . pipelines used to spend a lot more money on maintenance when regulation was tighter and they were still paying for depreciation , he said . " now they ' re more purely for - profit companies after having written off their [ depreciation ] costs many times over . " el paso blast kills 10 ; shuts down south mainline federal and company investigators monday swarmed over the scene of the devastating el paso natural gas mainline explosion that erupted near daybreak saturday , engulfing a party of weekend campers along the pecos river near carlsbad , nm , and killing 10 people . two other persons were hospitalized in critical condition . three officials from the federal office of pipeline safety ( ops ) and 11 with the national transportation safety board ( ntsb ) have been at the site of the blast since late saturday , and two more ops officials were en route monday . new mexico gov . gary johnson , who flew to the area on sunday , said he wanted to know how many other potential pipeline " dangers " there are in the state . he called for a thorough investigation . about 1 bcf / d of capacity on el paso ' s southern leg initially was lost from the ruptured 30 - inch line and two looped lines nearby that were shut in after the accident . el paso was making up some of the shortfall by drawing the maximum , 200 mmcf / d from its washington ranch storage field downstream of the accident . increased use of other pipelines , allocations and cutbacks by customers , and the fact that weather had moderated in california helped ease the supply situation . nevertheless , spot prices increased by about 35 cents for points in california , while the rest of the market ( spurred by hurricane debby ) went up about 20 cents . there was no estimate as to when the looped lines would be back in service , according to el paso spokesperson kim wallace . " we don ' t intend to put anything back into service until we know for certain that the remaining pipelines are safe , " wallace said . she did not expect them to be back in service today , and could give no time frame on when they would be returned to service . it is " much too premature at this point " to predict when the three disabled el paso westbound lines will return to service , said patricia klinger , a spokeswoman with the department of transportation ' s research and special programs administration ( rspa ) , which oversees the ops . " the one that ruptured is definitely going to be out of service for awhile , and [ another line ] is badly damaged from the fire . " as for a third adjacent line , that " could potentially be re - opened , " but " we have to test the integrity of that line " and have it examined by metallurgists , she told daily gpi . " everyone will be working , of course , to try to get this [ line ] back in service . but the safe operation of the pipeline is of premiere importance . " the three lines shared the same right - of - way . " we ' re just now able to start looking at exactly what happened , and how to get that one line back in service , " klinger said . " our metallurgist is on his way right now . i know he ' s going to meet with the ntsb when they ' re examining the 50 - foot section of pipe that ' s out of the ground " as a result of the explosion . " i think the company also wants to decide what types of tests can be done on this line . it ' s not piggable . " the ntsb , which has set up a command center in carlsbad , nm , declined to make any preliminary speculation about the cause of the explosion . " it ' s much too early for us to even think about the cause of this accident . we ' re only dealing with the facts . . . right now , we ' re documenting the pipe itself and surveying the land . we ' re going to look at the chronology of when the [ emergency ] calls came in . . . . . document damage to vehicles , and injuries , " said ntsb spokesman keith holloway . " probably at this point we ' re looking at nine months to a year , maybe more " before the results of the investigation are publicly disclosed , holloway noted . the rupture occurred at 5 : 30 a . m . mdt in the underground line near the pecos river crossing , which is about 30 miles south of the carlsbad caverns national park in a spot popular with local campers and fishermen . the blast tore a crater in the earth about 86 feet long , 46 feet wide and 20 feet deep . according to preliminary reports , the pipeline was underground at the point of rupture , sending two sections of pipe , each about 20 - feet long , flying hundreds of feet . the gas then ignited and shot flames from the broken pipe toward sleeping campers . the ntsb estimated there was a gap of 50 to 60 feet between broken ends of the pipeline at the site . the fire burned for about 40 minutes before el paso workers manually shut off pipeline valves . ten members of two families were burned to death in the blast . the families , who were related by marriage , were camping on public land along the river near where the pipeline emerged from the ground to cross the pecos in an aerial crossing alongside a bridge . six were pronounced dead at the scene and four others died at texas hospitals saturday night . the dead included five children under the age of six , including six - month - old twins . two adults were listed in critical condition monday at a hospital in lubbock , tx . the ruptured pipeline , which el paso said was constructed in 1950 , is one of four that runs along the southern branch of el paso ' s pipeline system . there is an adjacent 30 - inch pipeline and another 26 - inch pipeline . the fourth , a 16 - inch pipeline , was abandoned and is not available for service , wallace said . el paso and federal officials are particularly interested in the integrity of the second 30 - inch pipeline that ran close to the broken line . wallace said that none of the company ' s customers had been cut off of service , but they were receiving gas as reduced levels . she also said that on aug . 2 , a " patrol " inspection , either done by air or vehicle , was conducted on the pipelines located near the pecos river by el paso officials and no problems were found . el paso conducted the last corrosion test in february and no problems were found then either . visual inspections are conducted on all of the system ' s pipelines once a month , she said , and the company follows all federal pipeline requirements for inspections . asked whether el paso planned to change its inspection system immediately , wallace said that she did not think so , but said that if the ntsb review finds something that needs to be changed , the company will do whatever needs to be done immediately . " these situations are so rare , " she said . " we don ' t feel that we need to change what we ' re doing now . but if the situation warrants , we certainly will make any changes necessary . " el paso is working with family members to take care of their immediate needs , including hotel accommodations , food , travel arrangements and medical treatment . the company also is providing additional services as needed . " this is a tragic accident and our heartfelt condolences go out to the families involved , " said el paso energy president william wise . he said the company was working with the ntsb " to investigate diligently all matters surrounding this accident and to establish its cause as quickly as possible . " the fallout of the explosion is expected to extend all across the country , as federal legislators consider more stringent pipeline rules following an explosion in bellingham , wa , that killed three in june 1999 . locally , carlsbad mayor gary perkowski said that he wanted to find out what happened and keep it from ever happening again . that reaction was echoed by the new mexico governor . " i have a lot of questions , " said johnson . " what is the reliability of these pipelines ? what went wrong ? was it preventable ? " meanwhile , rspa was sifting through its history to determine whether the el paso blast was the biggest pipeline disaster on record in terms of fatalities . timeline : 5 : 26 a . m . aug . 19 : el paso natural gas ' automated computer reading of the pressure in the pipeline indicates 673 . 5 pounds per square inch . around 5 : 30 a . m . : an el paso natural gas employee bow - hunting in the area sees a large fireball at the scene . 5 : 30 a . m . : el paso natural gas ' automated computer reading of the pressure in the pipeline drops to 377 . 19 pounds per square inch . 5 : 30 a . m . : carlsbad fire department responds to the emergency . 6 : 12 a . m . : carlsbad fire department arrives at the scene . 6 : 21 a . m . : el paso natural gas workers shut off the gas line using manual valves . between jan . 1 and june 30 of this year , there have been 40 transmission pipeline incidents , according to the ops . fourteen were caused by either external or internal corrosion ; 11 were damaged by outside forces ; three were due to construction or material defects ; and 10 were unknown . there was only one fatality until june 30 of this year on transmission pipeline incidents , which was caused by an outside force . eleven people had been injured through june . in august 1999 , ops sent a warning letter to el paso , citing it for a number of pipeline safety violations in arizona . the ops did not impose a civil fine on el paso , but it advised the pipeline that " should you not correct the circumstances leading to the violation , we will take enforcement actions when and if the continued violation comes to our attention . " - - el paso blast may cinch tough pipe safety bill the explosion on el paso natural gas ' system , which killed 10 people over the weekend , may give congress the added boost to pass a tough pipeline safety reauthorization bill when it returns from recess in september , capitol hill insiders said monday . " this just sadly proves why congress needs to act as soon as it returns [ on sept . 5 ] to pass the pipeline safety improvement act before any more innocent lives are taken , " said a spokeswoman for sen . john mccain ( r - az ) . in june , chairman mccain ' s senate commerce committee voted out the pipeline safety improvement bill that would , among other things , give states inspection and oversight authority over interstate pipelines ; require interstate pipelines to consult with states about their integrity plans ; create stiffer penalties for pipeline safety transgressors ; and offer protection to whistle - blowers who report pipeline violations . mccain proposed the agressive safety bill following the product pipeline explosion in bellingham , wa , that killed three in june 1999 . " mccain has always been determined to pass this bill this year , but this obviously sadly strengthens that resolve , " she said . he " will make a determined effort for this to happen , " but whether it ' s brought up for a vote on the senate floor will be up to senate leader trent lott ( r - ms ) , the mccain spokeswoman said . " i have no doubts " that the senate will push for pipeline safety when it returns , said terry boss , vice president of environment , safety and operations for the interstate natural gas association of america ( ingaa ) . on the house side , a companion to mccain ' s bill has been introduced , as well as a number of other pipeline safety measures , but most are at the subcommittee level . but the issue could pick up steam in the wake of the el paso blast . " we must examine why this accident occurred and ensure that it must never happen again , " said rep . joe skeen ( r - nm ) . " definitely it ' s a tragic situation , " boss said , referring to the explosion near carlsbad , nm , which reportedly left a crater about 20 feet deep , 46 feet wide and 86 feet long . five of the 10 fatalities were children , who were spending a weekend camping and fishing with their family along the pecos river . the political fallout from the disaster was being assessed in washington d . c . yesterday . " any kind of incident has political ramifications . . . . . we ' re just not sure how this is going to ' directly impact ' " pending legislation and regulations , boss noted . 
2	Subject: kitchen adlpex , claal 1 s , \ / alluum , ambleen , xaanax , tussl 0 nex , \ / 1 agrra garden thankyou education reply , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today trulyworldwide shippiing best prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 grandma excellent promised manner moment , garden people go guilty imagine followed give place suddenly going .  
2	Subject: pipeline map michelle : thanks a lot for the northern natural pipeline map . ? i appreciate the quick response . ? thanks again . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . . . lou barton ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? henwood energy ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? project manager 
2	Subject: pdas - handspring / sony / toshiba / sony ericsson / garmin / audiovox t o d a y ' s s p e c i a l visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! pdas handheld / pda item no model lcd memory resolution speed color depth price * model - world phone ( includes gsm phone ) - 2 in 1 * treo 180 g treo 180 g tft 16 mb 160 x 160 33 mhz 4 bit $ 157 . 00 treo 90 treo 90 tft 16 mb 160 x 160 33 mhz 12 bit $ 186 . 00 peg - tj 35 tj 35 tft 32 mb 320 x 320 200 mhz 16 bit $ 190 . 00 peg - tj 27 tj 27 tft 32 mb 320 x 320 200 mhz 16 bit $ 210 . 00 peg - tj 37 tj 37 tft 32 mb 320 x 320 400 mhz 16 bit $ 290 . 00 peg - th 55 th 55 tft 32 mb 320 x 480 400 mhz 16 bit $ 390 . 00 e 405 e 405 3 . 5 " tft 64 mb 240 x 320 300 mhz 16 bit $ 215 . 00 e 400 e 350 3 . 5 " tft 64 mb 240 x 320 300 mhz 16 bit $ 280 . 00 e 755 e 755 3 . 8 " tft 64 mb 240 x 320 400 mhz 16 bit $ 314 . 00 e 805 e 805 4 . 0 " tft 128 mb 240 x 320 400 mhz 16 bit $ 519 . 00 p 800 p 800 12 mb 320 x 208 12 bit $ 390 . 00 010 - 00264 - 00 ique 3600 3 . 8 " tft 32 mb 320 x 480 200 mhz 16 bit $ 478 . 00 thera pocket pc thera tft 32 mb 240 x 320 206 mhz 16 bit $ 171 . 00 your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , u . a . ewww . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownerstoshiba for export only products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 4 / 01 please change the demand fee on deal 384258 for april from $ 2 , 862 , 531 . 95 to $ 2 , 855 , 089 . 73 . we need to return some money to tenaska iv . the transport expenses are less than what was etimated on the spreadsheet . megan 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for brian . redmond @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000079989 & page  approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000079989 request create date : 12 / 26 / 01 9 : 53 : 43 am requested for : brian . redmond @ enron . com resource name : econnect - vpn tier 2 - full access resource type : applications 
2	Subject: affordable website development services if you do not wish to receive further mails from us , click here to opt out . we respect all remove requests . 
2	Subject: commoditylogic guest user ids hello , per tom ' s request , i am sending you guest ids for commoditylogic . please go to guest . commoditylogic . com to access the guest user environment . on the login page , there is a flash tour of the module functionality . if you have any questions , please contact either myself or the call center ( # 713 - 345 - 4521 ) . module user id password confirmlogic cl 656919 password nomlogic cl 476211 password invoicelogic cl 782667 password banklogic cl 820622 password docswaplogic cl 668899 password * ids and password are case sensitive thank you , andrea commoditylogic # 713 - 345 - 4420 
2	Subject: looking for property in spain ? looking for property in spain ? don _ t waste your time ! that is what most people do when they look for property using property web sites . why ? because many of the properties that are advertised on them have already been sold ! you could waste precious time looking for and inquiring after properties that have already been sold ! how frustrating ! ! ! the property market is moving very fast here in spain and frankly many estate agents do not have the time to update their web sites . what you need is a company that can find you property that is actually for sale and can present to you a selection of current properties that specifically fit your requirements . just think of how much time and effort that would save you ! property finders spain can do just that ! we are here in spain and have a many ways of looking for property that has just arrived on the market , even looking in the local papers ! so while others are chasing properties or new projects that are no longer for sale you can be viewing property that has just arrived on the market ! simply fill in the form below and press the send button and we will do all of the hard work for you . once we receive your requirements we will immediately begin looking for current properties just right for you . property finders form property type villa apartment town house new building projects plot of land number of bedrooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 location do you want a sea view ? yes no don ` t care mountain view yes no don ` t care a property in the country a property in or near a city pool yes , no yes no don ` t care price range > " name  bl > let us find a property for you !  
2	Subject: thank you for your contribution ! together we can change lives ! thank you for changing lives . employee id : 90011947 name : jerry d farmer payment amount : 10 . 00 payment method : one - time deduction from paycheck payroll date : 01 / 15 / 02 leadership giving roster : no make a difference club : not applicable mailing address : 2747 meadowtree spring , tx 77388 us your donation is designated for : united way of the texas gulf coast written acknowledgement of contribution : no " you will find , as you look back on your life , that the moments that stand out are the moments when you have done things for others . " - henry drummond 
2	Subject: linda jenkins on " jerry ' s show " monday what are you doing on labor day ? in between the hamburgers , hotdogs , homemade ice cream and occasional dip in the pool that many of you will undoubtedly be enjoying monday , be sure to take a few minutes to turn your tv set to the jerry lewis labor day muscular dystrophy ( mda ) telethon on nbc . at 1 : 10 p . m . , enron ' s own linda jenkins will present a $ 100 , 000 check to jerry ' s houston team . the donation , which will benefit research for als ( amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as lou gehrig ' s disease - - the disease linda has been living with for the past three years ) , was raised by devoted friends and volunteers at the enron / mda beach bowl held in july . thanks to all of you who raised money for this cause that is close to our hearts at enron . and have a happy and safe holiday . 
2	Subject: re : sharad update hi kate , firstly it was very useful to hold the informal discussion with him . sharad seemed hesitant due to the offer not being what he expected . he asked me some questions about the " bonus culture " at enron and suggested that it was not as good as at investment banks that he is interviewing with . i sold him on the value he can extract from the excellence within the research group and the ability to join a growing organisation at a critical point in , but he still seemed reticent saying that he " needs time " which i understood to mean that he was looking for a better offer elsewhere . he is a great candidate and it would be a real shame to lose him , given the difficulty of getting good candidates . i discussed this with vince and given how much we need him in research in london and vince agreed to discuss the possibility of an element of guarantee or sign on to help him make the right decision . i think vince will call you or dale to discuss this . regards , anjam tel : 713 345 9991 [ p . s . vince , kate bruges is on extension 37354 , dale is on 36726 ] kate bruges 13 / 07 / 2000 11 : 02 to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : sharad hi anjam how did your conversation go yesterday ? regards kate 
2	Subject: new computer hi lyn : i have not received an answer for the below request for another sun computer . did you get it ? we also need to order another regular computer like the others that have been supplied to the research group . it will be for tanya tamarchenko and her location on the 19 th floor is eb 1940 . tanya has two offices and does not have a computer in her office on the 19 th floor . co # 0011 - rc # 100038 thanks ! shirley crenshaw - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000 03 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 01 / 12 / 2000 11 : 14 am to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sun computer hi lyn ; the research group is in need of another sun computer to be located at ebl 951 . please let me know that eta . co . # 0011 - rc # 100038 thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2000 11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 49 pm to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect cc : william smith / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron subject : new pc hi lyn : alex huang has requested a new pc and vince kaminski has ok ' d it . please order the computer as listed below in alex ' s request . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 12 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron subject : new pc shirley , ok . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alex huang @ enron 01 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : new pc hi shirley , i would like to request for a new pc . my current pc is quite old with not enough memory . twice i ran out of memory and had to have it people coming to clean it for me . their suggestion is to either get a new hard drive or a new pc . given that dell has pentiumc iii processor at 800 mhz on market , i would like to request a pc with process at 500 mhz or higher level . thank you very much . best , alex 
2	Subject: re : metals very good cross over of ideas - i will push andy to see the communication expand - there must be substantive correlation between these physical businesses at the operational level ! ! mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 24 / 01 / 2001 13 : 53 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : brenda f herod 23 / 01 / 2001 23 : 40 to : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , paul wallace / lon / ect @ ect , john jacobsen / hou / ect @ ect , roy lipsett / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , jill lafave / enron @ enronxgate , delmar davis / enron @ enronxgate , daniel hamilton / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : metals andy , thanks so much for your message . i had you on my " to do " list today to follow - up from our conversation last week . i appreciate your responses , and will follow - up as needed . just to recap eim ' s current inititives .  ( pwc ) was engaged in 10 / 00 to develop a business plan for tactical and strategic solutions for the projected growth in the physical business . in 11 / 00 , aa was engaged to develop a " blueprint " of eim major processes ( deal execution , deal capture , risk management , logistics , settlements and financial reporting ) , down to level 2 processes . the initiatives have been combined into one team focused on delivering the " blueprint " , a gap analysis of enron systems to business needs and recommended systems . a complete " roadmap " should be laid out with a 0 - 3 months , 4 - 6 months , 7 - 9 months and 10 - 12 months timeline . the plan addresses tactical also . our overall objective : build an infrastructure ( people , processes and systems ) that is scalable and supports the trading business of eim . the current industries are forest products and steel . however , additional industries may be added . the targeted infrastructure would require little change to support new industries . the delieverable is expected by the end of 2 / 01 . we ' d be happy to visit with you all ( video conference or houston , . . . . ) to give you more information . let me know how to proceed . thanks again for your time . since i wasn ' t able to attend the controllers ' conference last 10 / 00 , i ' m glad i got to meet you last week . stay in touch . brenda to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , paul wallace / lon / ect @ ect subject : metals brenda as discussed at our meeting last week there are a few areas of commonality between enron metals and eim that should allow leverage off common goals . in particular i promised info on a few areas : project q assessment a lot of the issues raised in the report are particular to enron metals ( being to do with interfaces with our as 400 ysstem ) however high level issues which formed part of the decision to not develop this for enron metals were : q is over specified for metals . traffic / logistics for metals is less complex than oil & coal . metals process tends towards buy > store > sell whereas for liquids the storage is not as prevelant metals logistics typically involves trucks whereas liquids is ship / barge 2 . inventory controls again the reports produced here have been very specific to enron metals . paul wallace a manager in the co - ordination function is working extensively on developing the controls in this area . i would suggest that you contact paul directly if you wish to discuss specific areas or inventory controls in general . 3 . funding of inventory we have a structured finance facility here in london . the deal is specific to enron metals markets in that it works by reference to lme prices as these are the base index for all the positions placed in the facility . if structured financing is sort for eim then it would be appropriate to talk to either david tregar ( metals commercial ) or bill appleby ( global finance ) as an intro to the issues faced . 4 . curve management process the markets in which our merchanting division trades are based on the lme curves but are linked to a large number of basis curves for quality and location . given the vast number we have opted to break down the markets by brand group and port location . e . g . for copper this means we have a grid with 5 brand groups and 3 sets of port groups ( 13 for europe , 7 for the us and 6 for the far east ) . the maintaince & price testing of the grids is made manageable by the fact the premiums only need be entered for brand and port groups by the traders yet prices can be tested by reference to node points i . e . price of specific brand at a given location which can be checked to a market quote . 5 . re recruitment of paper traders i haven ' t been able to contact him but i recall that the brother of david rosenblum , one of the metals traders in chicago , is a trader of recylced paper . i ' ll keep you posted on long term system development plans here in london . i ' d appreciate same for eim . regards andy 
2	Subject: power and gas csa ' s john and sanjeev : i am retransmitting the current drafts of the power and gas collateral annexes that we plan to use . i am also sending the eei master that goes with the power csa . the gas master has not yet been prepared . once we sign off on the isda csa , i plan to make conforming changes to these collateral annexes ( mainly to address john ' s comments to the isda csa ) and also add as a form of collateral to each " securities " . please let me know if any other changes need to be made . thanks . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012915 . txt 
2	Subject: local people wanting to fuck there is a free date site packed with tons of sex - addicts . no flowers . . . no gifts . . . just meet up for sex : ) there are also some people who want something more serious . . . so if you want a long - termer , or a one - nighter , you got it ; ) whatever floats your boat pretty much ! http : / / www . nympho - search . com /  
2	Subject: ibuyit approvers ah , these wonderful new systems ! i submitted an order on the " new " ibuyit site and sent it for approval and it went to every manager in our group ! i called them and told them that only you were the approver and they do not even have a user id set up for you . please fill out the below security document and i will forward it on to them . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : michael loft / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 18 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ibuyit approvers hi shirley in processing your ibuyit approval change request , i discovered that vince kaminski has not been set up with a user id in the eprocurement system . please have him fill out the attached security form and send it to - - sap security @ enron . com i have already selected the approver role on the second page . we just need the personal information on page one filled out for security purposes . once this is done we can get vince assigned as the approver for cost center 107043 . thanks , michael 
2	Subject: the latest ( last ? ) . . as columbo would say . . " . . just one more thing " p . 20 last bullet : enron focusing on recruiting and retaining talent thanks again ! christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 05 : 24 pm - - - - - christie patrick 02 / 07 / 2001 05 : 23 pm to : mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , j _ martin @ baylor . edu subject : the latest ( last ? ) mark ! please review the attached article and forward your comments / authorization for its use to john martin at baylor , copying me and vince . john and vince , i have a few simple comments : 1 . please use " enron corp . " [ rather than " enron corporation " ] 2 . page 3 : as of yesterday , fortune magazine named enron " most innovative " for the sixth year in a row 3 . page 5 : 2 nd paragraph : regarding the " gas bank " concept - - i believe when jeff first introduced it , it fell flat . i think john pick ' s that up ( and enron ' s subsequent recovery of a version of the concept on p . 6 ) , but it ' s probably accurate to mention that at first , it didn ' t go over . 4 . page 13 : re : cindy olson ' s comment on a possible 5 x difference between a " satisfactory " and " superior " vp - - the difference referred to is probably the " bonus " rather than " compensation " ( which , to me , is generally means base salary ) ; also , it varies for each review period , as comparative performance might vary ; further , we might want to run that quote by cindy just to make sure she ' s ok with it ' s publication ( she might have no problem with it whatsoever , but i know for other articles , she ' s been more reluctant to provide that kind of statistic ) . 5 . page 17 ( after annual report quote ) : i suggest changing " enron ' s wholesale business . . . provides " to " . . . businesses . . provide " ; also , rather than " enron wholesale " we might want to define this by the term enron uses : " enron wholesale services " 6 . page 18 : 2 nd paragraph : the tense switching from past to present is technically correct if read carefully , but seems awkward when reading it 7 . page 19 : effective february , jeff skilling is " ceo " . . . . that ' s my 2 - cents worth ! ! i think the article is great . . . even interesting ( ha ! ) . . . even to non - mba ' s like me ! ! thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 02 / 07 / 2001 04 : 41 pm - - - - - vince j kaminski 02 / 02 / 2001 08 : 45 am to : mark s palmer / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect subject : the latest ( last ? ) mark , i am sending you the final ( ? ) draft of the paper by john martin on enron ' s transformation . john martin is a prof from baylor who visited us a few weeks ago . can you take a look at the paper and bless it . i haven ' t read this last version of the paper yet and i will go through it on weekend . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001 08 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " john d . martin " on 02 / 01 / 2001 04 : 15 : 36 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : the latest ( last ? ) vince , attached is my latest attempt to wrap everything together . our timetable is very short as we need an " approved by enron " version of the paper to don by next wednesday . don has already made editorial changes for us and may make some additional " writing style " changes but he doesn ' t change the content . i ' ll give you a call later today to alert you to the e - mail . take care , john p . s . i had a nice conversation with steve . sounds like he ' s landed a pretty good contract with wiley . - enron _ paper _ 2 _ 1 _ 01 . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011717 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: drop fat quick body wrap at home to lose 6 - 20 inches in one hour . with bodywrap we guarantee : you ' ll lose 6 - 8 inches in one hour 100 % satisfaction or your money back bodywrap is soothing formula that contours , cleanses and rejuvenates your body while reducing inches . learn more swung aorta blitz fivefold nestle bookkeep we ' ve anathema anchorite district fmc scrim confessor abstractor militant version checkout east corrosive egotism duopolist clinician ny lux burley deterred percussive evasion despondent without concurrent chemisorption hydrangea bookshelves anthropomorphic irregular legislate lebanon companionway camber tellurium derate aluminate readout  
2	Subject: softwares cds all software under $ 15 and $ 99 ! only our software is guaranteed 100 % legal . a waist is a terrible thing to mind . it is impossible to say just what i mean ! 
2	Subject: letter agreement tod / john , fore your review . . . regards , mike curry enron power marketing , inc . ( 713 ) 853 - 4258 fax ( 713 ) 646 - 8272 
2	Subject: divestiture pastoria energy facility l . l . c . , a delaware limited liability company , was sold to pastoria energy center llc on april 11 , 2001 . when received , evidence will be filed in the 48 th floor corporate vault . please share this information with other interested parties . kate b . cole director , corporate services enron corp . tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007 email : kate . cole @ enron . com 
2	Subject: do you want a watch ? http : / / zzw . afeet . com 
2	Subject: free step - by - step seminar presentation affluent senior lead program multi - media annuity selling system cd step - by - step seminar presentation exclusive prospect / client marketing and re - marketing system * must be contracted through ppmg with our top annuity companies . plus a very special offer from ppmg : trip includes deluxe outside cabin for producer and guest and airfare from the nearest home city gateway ! * * * * as determined by ppmg travel coordinator . ports of call : or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: fw : marc sabine just making sure you are aware . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : callahan , timothy sent : monday , august 13 , 2001 6 : 39 pm to : vu , nancy h . ; melodick , kim cc : whiteurst , lloyd ; longoria , rebecca subject : marc sabine nancy / kim , received a call from marc today . he will be relocating back from monterrey effective august 31 . please confirm . rebecca will provide the necessary information to relocation upon confirmation . lloyd , marc would like his ima before august 31 , if possible . regards , 
2	Subject: ces changes eff . 3 / 15 fyi - - ces changes effectie 3 / 15 / 01 : lonestar from 5 , 978 to 4 , 500 total receipt delivered to hpl / katy 4 , 477 after fuel midcon ( kindermorgan ) from 7 , 332 to 6 , 584 total receipt change to greta / toc # 5553 
2	Subject: vince , the book " power economics " can be downloaded from http : / / www . stoft . com / best , alex 
2	Subject: trash bash event on saturday , march 31 st thanks for the interest so many of you have shown in trash bash . several of you are of the mistaken idea that trash bash is tomorrow . it is not until saturday , march 31 , 2001 . registration will be in sam houston park and trash will be picked up along buffalo bayou from so . shephard to the wortham center . the work areas will be divided into 8 to 10 sections . when you check in , you will be assigned to a work section . if you are going to work at the registration desk , you need to be at sam houston park by 7 : 30 am . if you are going to pick - up trash , you need to be at sam houston park by 8 : 00 am . there will be a pre - registration desk set up in the lobby of the enron bldg . sometime during the week of march 26 th and i will let you know the exact dates when they are given to me . if you pre - register , you won ' t have to stand in the long lines at sam houston park . thanks again for your interest and help . anita 
2	Subject: re : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice the question is not that " cut and dry " . however , for the month of march enron paid spinnaker @ if hsc - $ 0 . 085 . currently the volume is posted under deal ticket # 144271 with is the deal tick for gas daily production . this production should be moved to deal ticket # 144264 with is the if . from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 26 / 2001 03 : 48 pm to : mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice mary - do you pay spinnaker , for gas purchases ? ( see daren ' s question below , re : 03 / 01 purchase price from spinnaker ( # 144271 hakemack , cynthia ; howard , charles cc : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice importance : high charlene / cindy / charles : can either of you answer darren ' s question to me below ? my sales deal is under ena . thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess , we probably should be invoicing selling to dow at if . however , we should also have purchased the supply from spinnaker ( # 144271 bellamy , liz subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess there is a deal out there for the blue dolphin s # 745589 . and there are three deal out there for csgt # 639612 , # 639615 , # 745589 . the problem is that none of these deals have actuals . it looks as though they have not been nom ' d . daren are these deals real or what ? why have they not been nom ' d ? could they be under another dow company ? tess , i ' m leaving the office for a little bit today . but i ' ll be back this afternoon . julie from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 11 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : march 2001 invoice julie - please help ! per dow hydrocarbon ' s accountant , marilu trochta ' s e - mail below , ( with attachment ) , there are volume and price discrepancies with what ena billed them and what she reflects in her system . ena invoice # 24636 sa invoiced dow hydrocarbons and resources , inc , on csgt @ b 368 - brazos , per deal number sa 639615 , @ 685 per day ( 3 / 1 / 01 - 3 / 31 / 01 ) @ hsc gdp d . a . - $ 0 . 07 / mmbtu . vs . the 18 , 457 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow has and ena did not invoice them for sales on bluedolphin 250 and 249 vs . the 5 , 459 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 & 18 , 218 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow reflects . i realize that the volumes ena billed on the brazos are estimates or noms . problem : i need to confirm the march 2001 , sale @ brazos ( volume & price ) in addition to the sale @ blue dolphin 250 & 249 ( volume & price ) . can you print the confirmations for me ? also , sitara does not show me who the trader is for this deal , and by chance do you know who the scheduler ( s ) are ? thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " > @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 trochta + 2 c + 20 mary + 20 + 28 ml + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cmltrochta + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 5 : 52 pm to : ray , tess subject : march 2001 invoice - book 2 . xls > 
2	Subject: looking for distributor , agent charset  windows - 1258 " > http : / / www . packaging . cc http : / / www . strappingmachine . cn the professional strapping machine manufacturer and the # 1 sales volume in china ! quotation list of strapping machine 2004 - 05 validity : 1 month payment terms : l / c at sight / to negotiate price terms : fob china / to negotiate certificated papers : ce iso 9000 packing : fully neutral packing / stick your brand / oem welcome xt 8020 semi - automatic strapping machine ( high table ) @ usd * * / set xt 8021 semi - automatic strapping machine ( low table ) @ usd * * / set xt 8022 semi - automatic strapping machine ( high table ) adjustable @ usd * * / set xt 8023 semi - automatic strapping machine ( low table ) adjustable @ usd * * / set xt 8024 semi - automatic strapping machine ( high table ) deluxe @ usd * * / set xt 8025 semi - automatic strapping machine ( low table ) deluxe @ usd * * / set xt 8026 lateral semi - automatic strapping machine ( suited for pallet ) usd * * / set xt 8028 lateral semi - automatic strapping machine ( suited for seafood ) usd * * / set xt 8029 mini semi - automatic strapping machine ( suited for small room ) usd * * / set xt 4502 semi - automatic film wrapping packaging machine @ usd * * / set xt 4503 automatic film wrapping packaging machine @ usd * * / set xt 9026 automatic strapping machine @ usd * * / set xt 9036 carton sealing machine @ usd * * / set for the detailed price , kindly enquiry us ! thank you sir ! sir , if you need the catalog , kindly let us know and welcome enquiry us for details , hopping build the long term business relation with you . contact information : wade wang sales dept . tel no . : 86 - 576 - 8576518 / 8897790 / 8833690 fax no . : 86 - 576 - 8880098 / 8833688 e - mail : sales @ packaging . cc wadewang @ mail . tzptt . zj . cn taizhou xutian packing machine co . , ltd . http : / / www . packaging . cc e - mail : sales @ packaging . cc no . 159 jiefang south road , jiaojiang , taizhou , zhejiang , china 318000  
2	Subject: fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 0 january 26 , 2001 vince kaminski enron north america corp . 1400 smith street 30 th floor , rm . 3036 b houston , tx 77251 - 1188 1 713 - 853 - 3848 dear vince kaminski , this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 0 . ftp download instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are included at the end of this email . your cd ' s and manuals will be shipped to you within 2 weeks . please see below for more information regarding this new release . please confirm that you are the correct recipient for this shipment and your address above is correct by clicking reply and send . if any changes need to be made , please make the changes above and reply . * * warning : please note that if you did not received a license key for @ energy after june 2000 , you will need to contact support @ fea . com or call 510 . 548 . 6200 to obtain a new license key to enable the new version . * * * * swing users : @ energy / swing now replaces the " swing " product . see the @ energy user manual for a discussion of the changes . contact fea for the necessary license keys . you will be able to run both the new and old swing simultaneously . heres an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 : @ energy ( forward curve ) jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions . inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information . 35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( basics ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil , allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement . @ energy ( advanced ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement . @ energy ( swing ) swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( weather ) 30 - 35 % speed improvement . if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . . regards , michelle mendoza support @ fea . com + 1 - 510 - 548 - 6200 financial engineering associates , inc . ( fea ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * to download @ energy 2 . 0 via ftp , follow the following instructions : note : using explorer leads to unpredictable results , so we suggest using netscape or a dos shell . using netscape : in the location box type : ftp : / / energy @ ftp . fea . com password : 2 rbzxgv 5 energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe is for windows 95 / 98 / 2000 / nt . download and run on a local drive . using a dos shell : at a dos prompt type : ftp ftp . fea . com user : energy password : 2 rbzxgv 5 type " binary " and hit ' return ' . type " ls " for a list of available files . type " get " energy - 2 . 0 - win 32 . exe and and wait for the ftp > prompt . type " quit " . the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp site . double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen . 
2	Subject: review this one : new press release draft - - need approval please see revised . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : denne , karen sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 12 : 32 pm to : lay , kenneth ; frevert , mark ; whalley , greg ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; koenig , mark ; derrick jr . , james ; rogers , rex ; causey , richard ; glisan , ben ; despain , tim ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john cc : fleming , rosalee ; daw , nicki ; taylor , liz ; ford , sue ; westbrook , sharron ; kean , steven j . ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; denne , karen ; meyer , vance ; philipp , meredith ; hiltabrand , leslie subject : new press release draft - - need approval importance : high sensitivity : confidential please review the revised attached press release , which we would like to send out as soon as possible . please call steve kean , mark palmer or me with your comments . thank you . karen x 39757 - jmstrong 21 . doc 
2	Subject: entourage , stockmogul newsletter ralph velez , genex pharmaceutical , inc . ( otcbb : genx ) biotech sizzle with sales and earnings ! treating bone related injuries in china revenues three months ended june 30 , 2004 : $ 525 , 750 vs . $ 98 , 763 year ago period net income three months ended june 30 , 2004 : $ 151 , 904 vs . ( $ 23 , 929 ) year ago period ( source : 10 q 8 / 16 / 04 ) look how these chinese companies trading in the usa did and what they would ' ve made your portfolio look like if you had the scoop on them : ( big money was made in these stocks by savvy investors who timed them right ) ( otcbb : caas ) : closed september 2 , 2003 at $ 4 . 00 . closed december 31 , 2003 : $ 16 . 65 , up 316 % otcbb : cwtd ) : closed january 30 , 2004 at $ 1 . 50 . closed february 17 th at $ 7 . 90 , up 426 % ordinary investors like you are getting filthy , stinking ri ' ch in tiny stocks no one has ever heard of until now . this biotech bad boy ( genx ) is already out of stealth mode and is top line revenue producing ! do you see where we ' re going with this ? biotech sizzle with sales and earnings ! about genex pharmaceutical , inc . ( product distribtued to 400 hospitals in 22 provinces ) genex pharmaceutical , inc . is a biomedical technology company with distinctive proprietary technology for an orthopedic device that treats bone - related injuries . headquartered in tianjin , china , the company manufactures and distributes reconstituted bone xenograft ( rbx ) , to 400 hospitals in 22 provinces throughout mainland china . rbx is approved by the state food and drug administration ( sfda ) in china ( the chinese government agency that regulates drugs and medical devices ) . rbx offers a modern alternative to traditional methods of treating orthopedic injuries . ( source : news release 7 / 27 / 04 ) recent press release headlines : ( new product tested and large acquisition in the works ! ) * genex pharmaceutical adopts new proprietary technology , substantially reduces manufacturing costs , sees positive impact to earnings * genex pharmaceutical signs letter of intent to acquire one of the world ' s largest producers of vitamin bl * genex pharmaceutical sees strong earnings growth for 2004 and 2005 * genex pharmaceutical 2 nd quarter revenue up 432 % , gross profit up 380 % , net income soars , sees continued earnings momentum for remainder of 2004 * genex pharmaceutical ' s micro - particle rbx medical product expands to the dental markets * could this be a " rising star stock " for your portfolio ? you may easily agree that the company is doing some dynamic things . some of these small stocks have absolutely exploded in price recently . * you may want to consider the " chinese fortune cookie " strategy : rising star chinese companies trading in the us . . consider adding genx to your portfolio today ! dis - claimer : information within this ema - il contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history : the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these risk factors and others are fully detailed in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read them before you invest . the publisher of this letter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this ema - il pertaining to investing , stocks or securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this letter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this ema - il . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this letter is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this letter has no relationship with caas and cwtd . ( source for price information : yahoo finance historical ) . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this letter discloses the receipt of twenty four thousand dollars from a third party , ( dmi , inc ) not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid adver - tisement and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this letter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guar - antee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this ema - il constitutes your acceptance of these terms . indemnity urbanite fogy denude registrable usia pilfer ethylene pounce pisces mutate water dialect contrast seymour molest commonality epidermic liquefaction prom koenig cookbook clio sixteenth casteth barrage borax told irredeemable desmond circle , finch parch farkas fum arrogant neumann remission marten countryside silty bird placenta diphthong crass typhoid eyesight diatom extendible clip midspan insomniac continuation . woebegone borealis pyramidal brandish sepal abnormal career avertive verdict bath collie canal rpm jolly primeval wong dishwasher noose magician accentuate apparel apache aerogene palmetto halsey rosetta springy despot depend sloe cattleman beginner exorcise cranberry von dissonant . 
2	Subject: re : whh , but can also banned cd government don ' t want me to sell it . see now ! invasive holeable jeffersonian ashmolean premium sphalerite chose oscillate capacious grit intermit yemen cock bromide column deluxe convict microbial rhyme vaudeville sacrificial gullible cummins hewitt hodgepodge indorse decorum elongate divisor promethean pterodactyl elfin allude bradford sandal registrant tribe scottish boomerang aphorism bangor donald rob flea civil sandbag mobcap sector tugging diva wholesale exculpate cutworm dugout hill moneywort descendent champion cahoot vouch catkin obstacle vignette jackboot crude forestry banbury registrable biblical ethan hoard rill lieu hollandaise methuselah eloquent select tepee pace imprecate ransack analyst alcestis carfare throwaway necromancer benedikt astronautic flux intent wa campion decode native provocation algerian cyclist discussant asphalt charles sup troubleshoot adsorb jail chemist contrition quintet edmonton tinge crop tutelage blowfish corroborate curran wish bungalow wei writ mercer dormitory bathroom samarium globulin burgher yesterday adaptive cambodia modem dodecahedral cohosh nodular pyle twombly property disaccharide cardiod robbery temperate aerobic determinate isaac maurice dyspeptic luggage o ' connell meistersinger coffeepot resultant calvary moser acculturate iniquitous belgium importunate premium aggressor liquid pampa derrick oratory cole woodcarver diplomat dudley freshman megohm myrtle admiralty bauhaus juncture prophylactic hepburn anchor nor brockle greenbelt pocket tomorrow scranton pearson lanky goldberg normalcy duel bifurcate hologram carfare conversant olivine solo begging cattleman fermat prussia die fervent knuckleball brownish pop concerto hangout palo flatiron despise manifold haggard nitty argumentation ambuscade choreograph appanage beckon bodybuild canyon fact ally hatteras off keypunch sa console acid afterthought caste colloquial five stephanotis function infertile caucus loudspeaking purgative sigma ransack speculate alpha leninist dad bub eddie aerosol missoula aristocratic springboard ganymede surrender princeton walnut quack aggression sisyphean swabby proclivity frances ambulatory punch sulfurous merchandise drawl frayed acm mudsling derive postmaster categoric alkali chronicle corkscrew elephantine fiery anomaly boniface circumvent acknowledge befall ibm union backgammon declamatory bungle persistent stratify absence bromfield pyle fabric icicle complaint handicap during occurred roberto trait crow mountaineer importation calder discriminatory springtail bowstring incomprehension schumacher sine cellulose choppy commissariat imprint juxtapose automorphic knowhow exhaustion washburn gunk lysergic almost cambridge alumnus locoweed conciliatory lagrange uptrend corrector acclamation citroen  
2	Subject: re : commoditylogic team contact info here you go ladies : i will forward any updates as they become available . thanks , brenda 
2	Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - thursday , january 29 , 2004 thursday , january 29 , 2004 miningnews . net to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at http : / / www . miningnews . net / . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . falconbridge strike looms workers at falconbridge ' s sudbury nickel operation in canada may walk off the job sunday if a new labour agreement is not settled with mine management . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story new discovery expected to boost wiluna mine reserves less than two months after completion of the management buyout of the wiluna gold mine in western australia from newmont mining , agincourt resources says it has potentially made the best discovery at the project since the million ounce bulletin ore system was found in the early 1990 s . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story production shortfall set to continue at coppabella coal production at the coppabella mine southwest of mackay dropped to 929 , 900 t in the december quarter , down almost 18 % from the 2002 period - and the shortfall is likely to continue until june , with an estimated loss of 200 , 000 t of saleable coal this financial year . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story bhpb to drill mithril target bhp billiton plans to drill a nickel sulphide target next month in south australia ' s gawler craton owned by mithril resources . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story new samples sparkle for kimberley kimberley diamond has recovered 14 , 768 diamonds weighing 6226 carats from the eastern and central areas of ellendale pipe 9 , where exploration during the late 1970 s failed to identify a coherent concentration of diamonds . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story perilya to take daisy - milano decline deeper perilya has moved closer to a return to the gold sector after committing to develop a decline at the high grade daisy - milano mine near kalgoorlie . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story navigator climbs on wills creek samples navigator resources shares were up almost 14 % this morning after the company announced rock chip sampling adjacent to em conductors at its wills creek nickel project has returned peak grades of 1 . 75 % nickel with copper and 0 . 9 gpt platinum group metals . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story long continues to outperform for independence independence group has highlighted a significant increase in attributable nickel production expected next financial year after achieving a $ 9 . 9 million pre - tax profit last quarter from its long nickel mine near kambalda . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story area c pushes bhpb iron ore to new record bhp billiton ' s early commissioning of its mining area c project in western australia is already paying dividends with the company enjoying a record december quarter for iron ore production . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story barrick increases russian exposure barrick gold is spending us $ 40 million to increase its stake in london ' s aim - listed highland gold mining , which has several properties in russia . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story abelle set to push button on png project abelle expects to have financing agreements in place within the next month for the $ 174 million development of a 300 , 000 ounce per annum gold project at hidden valley in papua new guinea . . . ( 29 january 2004 ) full story croesus posts solid quarter croesus mining has recorded a first - half pre tax profit of $ 7 . 1 million after producing 123 , 632 ounces from its western australian gold operations at cash costs of $ 361 / oz . . . ( 28 january 2004 ) full story great australian resources set to float on wa assets perth based geologist tony gates is looking to raise $ 3 . 5 million for his new public vehicle great australian resources . . . ( 28 january 2004 ) full story rand , costs hit harmony ' s bottom line higher operating costs and a stronger rand almost halved harmony gold mining ' s december quarter profit , slashing 48 % from the south african miner ' s bottom line to r 236 million compared with r 457 million in the same period of 2002 . . . ( 28 january 2004 ) full story esco eyes eastern europeheavy equipment wear parts manufacturer esco will use this year ' s bauma trade fair in munich as a launching pad for a new range of ground engaging tools . . . . full story minmet biotechnology boosts romania gold recoveriesminmet says testwork applying its biotechnology on concentrates from the baia de aries mine in central - southern romania has shown gold recoveries can be improved from 40 % to 70 % . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter uses an html - rich media format to provide a visually attractive layout . if , for any reason , your computer does not support html format e - mail , please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net with your full name and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com section dryblower investment news mine safety and health & environment mine supply today analyst tips capital raisings commodities director trades due diligence exploration general ipos market wrap mining events moves mst features on the move on the record people in profil project watch resourcestocks the big picture week in review commodity coal copper diamonds gold nickel silver zinc bauxite - alum chromium cobalt gemstone iron ore kaolin magnesium manganese mineral sand oilshale pgm rare earths salt tantalum tin tungsten uranium vanadium region africa all regions asia australia europe north americ oceania south americ primex expo 2004 ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants ) ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators show all events  
2	Subject: research meeting all john sherriff has suggested we all get together in the near future to discuss the demands being placed on the research group . i will be making a request for additional resources , and the aim of the meeting is to determine the most appropriate size for the team . assistants : can we aim for week commencing 6 th november ? vince : would you like to teleconference in ? many thanks steve 
2	Subject: martin luther king day tom has informed me that we will not be working on monday , january 15 th for martin luther king day . it is both an enron holiday and a nymex holiday , so have a nice , 3 - day weekend ! laura 
2	Subject: panenergy marketing company because of a timing issue with client services , i have fixed deal 157288 , separating the carthage meter to a new ticket . that ticket is 229758 . the price for the carthage is suppose to be if hsc - . 06 . stacy : i will need feb pathed asap so volume mgmt can get the volumes moved . client services needs to get this invoice out today . this problem , among others with this exchange deal , is currently we have a massive a / r issue and we ' re trying to get this cleanup before end of month . if you have any questions , please feel free to call me . 
2	Subject: best home mortgage rate mofjn intelligence bad credit ? great ! we want you ! we want to refinance people that do not have good credit . have you had credit in the past ? good ! fill out this short form because we want to refinance your house ! poor credit is all we do ! let us put our expertise to work for you ! erase  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you will see severai ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : ioqo improvement , additionai formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: wall street phenomenon reaps rewards us oi | and gas report oil climbs , gains soar we have the leading track record for finding fast moving , low - priced energy plays . look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks : sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 % prvb . 10 to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 % like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | play is on the fast - track to miilions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oil belt " . emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi immediate acquire - huge news on increased production current price . 15 target price . 40 in 10 days oi | prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers which is foilowed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | plays . widespread gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfolios of aggressive otc investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potentia | oil and gas projects , eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " leader in major oi | - producing states . eogi ' s high - yieiding , muitipie dri | | ing programs have been soiidified through valuable strategic ailiances . these exploration partnerships enable the company to accumuiate substantial working interests being deveioped into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on joint - ventures invoiving we | | re - entry programs in extremeiy prolific production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently availabie . recent developments for eogi have been perfectly timed as all 6 dow jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest | evels of the year , with energy stocks outperforming al | other market sectors . the company ' s oi | and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their developing natura | gas wells in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in vaiue with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease is likeiy next year . we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion plans are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can only add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in this undervalued oil piay . with a very smail float estimated at | ess than 5 miilion shares , eogi shouid gap sharply to the upside on heavy volume as the value of their current oi | deals are reveaied . us oil and gas report cautions that smal | and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or al | of the investment can be | ost . we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making any investment decisions . us oi | and gas report recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment advisor , financia | planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or solicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oi | and gas report has been given nineteen thousand dollars from a third party for the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from those set forth in those statements . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 08 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: re : many hello helyette , i am in california this week , vacationing with my family . it is a spring break week at stanford and we shall spend a few days in calistoga , north of napa valley , a place famous for mineral water and geysers . i shall talk to karla when i come back to houston about the speeding up the process on our side . our lawyers typically sit on a contract for a few weeks unless we put a lot of pressure on them . american lawyers tend to be very meticulous : this is why the city of los angeles alone has more lawyers than entire japan . i think about two sites for your software : houston and europe ( most likely london ) . i shall be honored to chair a session during the bachelier world congress at college de france . please , let me know which session you have in mind for me . the repeat the francfort presentation in paris on october 4 & 5 is fine with me . i think the frankfurt presentation went quite well and it will be nice to work wih you and alex again . regards vince p . s . i shall keep my office cell phone on all the time , in case you need to call me : 713 410 5396 
2	Subject: better - quality prescripiton medications virgil cadaver drippy distort are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! and the costs are very low ! stop receiving promotional material now schafer bathurst kruger  
2	Subject: . message report from your contact page . . . . / / ytu 855 rkq check the available reports you would like to receive : keep on top of the latest news , get great special deals now . . . it is complimentary , it costs nothing , you can quit anytime ! financial - stocks - loans - mortgage financial news & stock market government & politics / discussions credit cards & mortgage refinancing / loans health - fitness - holidays - travel online pharmacies discounts & specials general health & fitness tips / secrets alternative medicine & health care under booked vacations & special travel discounts mature intrests - dating general interest adultwebmasters - general adultwebmasters - unrestricted sites adultwebmasters - content buyers cassino ' s & online gamblinng dating services & personal ads send me 10 uncensored pictures daily ! this mail is never sent unsolicited , got it by error ? [ click here ] to be removed from our subscribers list ! ndtxcpfjspwwtrkaxnxg 
2	Subject: order rolex or other swiss watches online heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / www . roiex . com / rep / rolx / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / roiex . com / z . php 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 03 / 01 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for march 2001 : 32 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for march 2001 : 8 , 500 mmbtu per day from 3 / 1 / 01 through 3 / 15 / 01 and 2 , 000 mmbtu per day from 3 / 16 / 01 through 3 / 31 / 01 . 
2	Subject: vicodin no script neeeded your place to ggo too for all ur prreeiscrlpt 10 n pi | | s , no doccctctorr neeedeed . gget ouut of fuutture addddds by goiiing heree . http : / / tong . very - off - online . com / goto / toodles  
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report for 10 / 4 / 01 - 10 / 10 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: neon discussion november 29 here are some ideas for this coming wednesday . ? remember that the following week is our last neon of this semester , and it ' s your call as to what you want to do with your group to end the semester ( i . e . a party , dinner , etc . ) ? ? hope you ' ve had plenty of turkey ! ? bobby - neon christmas . doc 
2	Subject: out thurs & friday i will be out of the office on thursday and friday . my pager may not reach me but i will be checking my voice mail . please call george grant in my absence at ext . 36224 . thanks , pat get with me today if you need anything by the end of the week . 
2	Subject: breaking news about cable good day to you sir , do you like watching cable t . v . ? ppv : sports , movies , adult channels , hbo , cinemax , starz , ondemand , ect . and the best part is you can have all these channels with our product ! our website : filtersppv . com if you don ' t want this anymore , add / r to the domain above to goto our removal page . get back to you later , elvin c . simon , v projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org 
2	Subject: board of directors meeting - may 1 , 2001 please respond to kelly . johnson 
2	Subject: crain ' s new york business telegraph - review exposing overcoming pain chico enterprise herald - paper about social issues c , e , l , e ' b , r , e ' x 2 oom . gg 30 pills 145 . oo 6 o p ! lis 299 . 95 90 pllis 459 . oo full o * r * d , e , r same day shipping e , n , 0 . u ' g * h update your info billie morton rivener worldmolecules @ mdd inc . , mississauga , ontario l 4 y 2 t 8 , canada phone : 261 - 346 - 1171 mobile : 472 - 611 - 1474 email : mkemcr @ autonr . net this is a confirmation message this product is a 02 hour usage shareware notes : the contents of this info is for comprehension and should not be censorious devastate apron canvasback menagerie time : thu , 27 jan 2005 16 : 46 : 59 - 0600 
2	Subject: monday ' s newsletter hello vince ! i ' m working with michael sergeev to produce this next issue of the newsletter . do you have a suggestion for the kaminski column on page one ? if so , please tell me what you ' d like to use and i ' ll get it ready either today or monday morning . at some point , when you have a couple of minutes , we should sit down and talk about your philosophy regarding the newsletter and what you would like to see in the future . i ' d like to get a little creative with it once i know your thoughts on this . best regards , sam p . s . - note that i am " william smith " in the lotus notes system . there is also a " will smith " that works in it . we forward each other ' s mail all the time ! : - ) ss 
2	Subject: oasis pma ' s for 1999 stacey , i need your help in clearing pma ' s for oasis . i have a lot of pma ' s for 1999 related to rates missing or incorrect . would you help me by passing the information along to me ? jan 1999 mar 1999 jun 1999 aug 1999 sep 1999 the volume management group ( rita wynne ' s group ) wants to have the rates cleared up by wednesday next week , which means i will probably need to get something from you by monday . sorry for the late notice . please call me at x 3 - 1836 if you have any questions . heidi 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? little worth but wid ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ely selection . stay ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? sure of your own w ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ellness . ?  what ' s a pity , the equivalent medicament worths a lot of if it is trade named . hence why ought you give much more particularly while you can acquire the equal doses at a more low price ? widely assortment of our wares will help you to surmount whatsoever of your infirmity . at pharmoze , i give you the same doses , the generic variant - the same calibre the same prescription - in a very much logical worth . check this facts  
2	Subject: are you a successful penny stock fan ? , aha coleman terrell , techlite , inc ( otcbb - thlt ) shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : . 76 acquisitions expected to add approximately 5 million in sales over the next 12 to 18 months . ( source : news friday 11 / 5 / 04 ) thlt has been moving higher the last few weeks . is this the beginning of a major move ? because what matters once you acquire a stock is that it moves . and all that will matter is that the stock is on the move . and that mo ney is constantly moving into the stock . in that environment , nothing makes more sense in the marketplace than following the material , measurable we alth that pulses through its very veins . go check it out yourself . ( remember , past performance is not indicative of future results ) . a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . face it : there is nothing like the awesome , potential growth power of little known companies that explode onto investors radar screens . about techlite , inc . techlite , inc . is a national energy service company in its twelfth year in the energy services business . the company provides custom - designed , energy - efficient and environmental protection agency ( epa ) - compliant lighting upgrades and retrofits for commercial , education , health care , retail and government facilities . techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program facilitates upgrades in compliance with the eps ' s green lights emission reduction program and the new federal energy law requiring elimination of inefficient lighting products . industry sources estimate this market at approximately 3 billion existing light fixtures and a potential 100 billion national lighting retrofit industry . the magazine electrical contractor has described this business as the " market of the decade . " ( source : press release : 11 / 5 / 04 ) recent press releases : go read the stories on line . * techlite awarded city lighting upgrade contract for city of tulsa - potential value of 1 . 5 million . * techlite to acquire assets of two texas energy - based businesses : keystone and omni science . * techlite completes lighting retrofit for tulsa technology center - improvements expected to sa ve 6 , 000 per month in energy sa vings . * techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program takes a bite out of commercial lighting bills . certain statements in this news release may contain future looking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are future looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally assured company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detailed in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . all information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . apparel heavyweight lilian seduce hillel tyndall cysteine mullion atlantica quite carrot deja resuming rotogravure disdain jest ineducable javelin annale so invaluable colloquy buzzer attenuate attic coruscate disturb . 
2	Subject: aec susan , i understand that isabel recindes , drew hill , gerno mendosa , michelle stevens , and sherry thomas may report directly to you . one of enron canada ' s key customers ( aec ) has been attempting for the past six months to work with above on obtaining a detailed breakdown regarding an ongoing transaction between enron north america and aec ( the " harper / chicago " transaction ) . out of frustration with dealing with above individuals , bill hogue at aec has now elevated the issue to me . can you please assist bill in getting the information he is requesting . please advise . thanks in advance , rob milnthorp president & ceo enron canada 
2	Subject: no more red light tickets ! - rrvnt introducing photo - blocker this revolutionay new product makes your licence plate completely invisible to all forms of photo enforcement ! you will never be caught by red light cameras or speed enforcement cameras , or your money back - 100 % guaranteed ! check here if you would not like to receive future mailings . http : / / www . dn - ice - boat . com / gone . php babysat dab discretion eavesdropped brethren ncar cast correlate inaugurate federal conquest rim your argus delve jorge rheum halve administer harsh bookcase elector kimberly corpulent exceptional tientsin unit boustrophedon louise bess nikko plasmon affront migratory crises imbibe bernice jag ascomycetes drib makeshift detonate hanson ampex marsh despoil nautilus donahue abhorrent put blum cox claret boylston escape nassau ear homotopy bore snub tun cab carrion orography clytemnestra caustic clod prowl corey chordata marry signature redcoat hookworm terrestrial ott prosaic chi lossy colby cretaceous juridic blend airborne confute blimp fermat deadlock demodulate tung airspeed illimitable dismal platitudinous blackbody playboy slab belfast cork thespian dud indies congruent scion micky juridic cataclysmic auspices knife what ' d negro adelia analytic cosmos chore derange punditry assassinate dependent contrariwise typography malignant testimony angiosperm dillon citrus aubrey alameda analogue filipino mullein arboreal symplectic tupelo iconoclasm transfinite equip leighton moreover ambulant footstool domenico carburetor punditry catheter beat binary bop adrienne crucify czarina buttonhole benedictine buckeye ironic everyman houseboat heterogamous tribunal electrolyte myrtle electrophoresis bucolic telegram effluvia datum barbudo lovebird mercilessly malraux alexandre curia dare period diabetic matthews unary renault haircut discretionary cornelia brooklyn vii diploma distortion classificatory milkweed forswear ct deportation subtrahend gleeful delusive dawn bluebird geld skyline mimicking chugging nibs decaffeinate cornflower password newsletter kneel heuristic spin phenol bondage bombard boxy man doneck palace damask cheesy commute ablution eastman upheld assignee teetotal paw effectual eastman stuart freetown delphi cornwall savvy seneca metronome somebody ' ll bali buddhism cossack cyprian perceptible boardinghouse muon subtlety shipbuilding hemosiderin normalcy signature finitary screwball staley pill burl iberia dietrich cpu concession impinge melancholy barton shovel reflectance journal abroad abnormal actuarial astoria waylaid elicit diversion frontier bois remitted drawn ground drum poet  
2	Subject: new ! vagra soft tabs . hello ! we would like to offer v _ i _ a _ g _ r _ a soft tabs , these pills are just like regular vagra but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which lasts as long as the normal . soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / koolrx . com / st / ? coupon no thanks : http : / / koolrx . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: re : thanks vince . i ' ll make the reservation , then send shirley the details to issue an invite to us all . steve vince j kaminski 09 / 20 / 2000 05 : 10 pm to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : steve , i shall talk to john sherriff about such issues . my intention is to vest you with maximum decision making powers . it makes most sense to me to make decisions where the information resides . please , invite anjam or alternatively make reservations for dinner and let shirley know . shirley can send an invitation to everybody in the group on my behalf . it would be really bad to exclude anjam from the dinner . it vince steven leppard 09 / 20 / 2000 10 : 30 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : thanks vince . dinner on sunday ok all round . do you want anjam along too ? i can ' t really ask him , given our current relationship . one other thing , have you had thoughts on reporting lines , who signs expenses , etc . etc . , or are these issues to be resolved when you come over ? cheers , steve vince j kaminski 09 / 20 / 2000 04 : 14 pm to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : steve , steve , this is the spreadsheet . also , please , let shirley know if the dinner on sun is ok . vince 
2	Subject: re : confidential i will just be putting the date on to reflect when you will be going on maternity leave . do you have a date in mind yet ? from your point of view nothing will change . i don ' t know if you have an equivalent form to the uk ' s mat bl which states your due date from your doctor ? if so could you forward that to me . i attach the letter as it will be a lot quicker than post . thanks kate louise kitchen 26 / 03 / 2001 15 : 30 to : kate hollis / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : confidential what exactly will you be dealing with on the hr system and payroll . how are you intending to alter it - as i am expecting no changes to anything . louise kitchen 03 / 26 / 2001 08 : 13 am to : kate hollis / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : confidential may 5 th kate hollis 03 / 26 / 2001 05 : 48 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : confidential louise , david knox let me know you are pregnant and i hope everything is going well ? i deal with all maternity for people on london payroll . can you let me know when your due date is so i can get the hr system and payroll correct . i will then send you the relevant paperwork . any questions then please call me . thanks kate  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012917 . txt 
2	Subject: the hottest cams on the net ! no more  
2	Subject: happy days are here again from : new hope lottery international nieuwe zijds voorburgwal , nl - 1009 ceh amsterdam netherlands email : nhlint @ swissemail . com ref number : nhl / 653 / 029 / 03 / sa batch number : at - 040 - sbo 6 - 03 dear sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you , that as a result of our recent lottery draws held on the 12 th of july 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 27511465896 - 6410 with serial number 4204 - 777 drew lucky numbers 5 - 21 - 23 - 34 - 61 - 72 - 1 which consequently won in the ist category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 2 , 500 , 000 ( euros ) ( two million , five hundred thousand euros ) note that all participants in this lottery program have been selected randomly through a computer ballot system drawn from over 200 , 000 companies and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from all search engines and web sites . this promotional program takes place every year , and is promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like the sultan of brunei , bill gates of microsoft inc and other corporate organisations . this is to encourage the use of the internet and computers worldwide . for security purposes and clarity , we advise that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claims and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . we look forward to your active participation in our next year usd 50 million slot . you are requested to contact your claims clearance officer as named below , to assist you with the processing of your winnings and subsequent payments . all winnings must be claimed not later than one month after the date of this notice . please note , in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch number in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : you are automatically disqualified if you are below 18 years of age . sincerely yours , mrs . janet freiburg , nhlint @ swissemail . com ( lottery coordinator ) claims agent : mr . robert duncan karinter securities tel : + 447005805645 fax : + 447005805640 email : karintersecurities @ theukzone . com get free email at : http : / / catholicexchange . com your faith . your life . your world . - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] : real fuckers order 3793 - ohin cialis soft tabs cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . it has benefits over viagra and other ed treatment solutions . here goes some reasons to choose cialis soft tabs : 1 ) you can mix alcohol drinks with cialis soft tabs without any undesired effects . 2 ) cialis soft tabs does not make you feel dizzy or make vision blurred , so you can easily drive a car or operate heavy machinery . 3 ) cialis soft tabs works much faster than any known ed treatment solution . cialis soft tabs enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach , thus you need only 15 minutes till you feel the effect . 4 ) and at last , but not least , cialis soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action !  
2	Subject: fw : deal 93836 daren , have you had a chance to look at this yet ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 8 : 50 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : deal 93836 daren , will you let me know when this change has been made ? i need to get some payments finaled by 3 pm tomorrow . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 12 : 08 pm to : farmer , daren j . subject : re : deal 93836 prior to 7 / 99 this was ena not hpl , but there may be some issues on it as well for 3 / 99 to 6 / 99 . the deal ticket we used was 62717 . i will have to look further into the ena activity because i know we still have some invoices that were paid under one company and we still have drafts under the other . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 42 am to : schumack , sherlyn subject : re : deal 93836 this ticket starts with 7 / 99 production . how were all of the other months paid ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 32 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : deal 93836 daren , i am trying to get some payments out to williams for old months 11 / 2000 and 1 / 2001 but global counterparty said this deal should have black marlin pipeline company inc . instead of black marlin pipeline company effective 3 / 99 . the black marlin pipeline company was for an internal record ( when it was an enron entity ) . 
2	Subject: re : tanya ' s vacation tanya , no problem . vince tanya tamarchenko 12 / 12 / 2000 01 : 28 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tanya ' s vacation vince , i was going to take afternoon off this thursday . is it ok ? tanya 
2	Subject: huntsville observer - article pertaining modern life vlcod 1 n stop the pain ! read essay n ' v _ r poke pamactual drexel acidicheisenberg astoria dropletalveolus chuff handholdrichfield smokestack columnmundane decompression disturbanceclemson megalomaniac belastirrup radiology jounceeigenspace potbelly acerbicoldenburg dadaist presumptionarchitect paternal nucleuswould edelweiss experiencedisperse 
2	Subject: fw : east power ' s hotlist is this what you are looking for ? generation investments is not included . i need to get that from someone else but in the future they will be combined on one report . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tammie schoppe / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 12 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : paula harris / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 12 : 30 pm to : tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : east power ' s hotlist - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harris , paula sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 2 : 13 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : duran , w david ; killen , faith subject : re : east power ' s hotlist - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 1 : 27 pm to : harris , paula cc : duran , w david ; killen , faith subject : re : east power ' s hotlist please list the 12 completed deals from : paula harris / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 13 / 2001 11 : 39 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , faith killen / enron @ enronxgate subject : east power ' s hotlist louise , at david ' s request , attached please find east power ' s hotlist which includes a brief description of each deal . > thanks , paula . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 18 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011824 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: 90 % discounts on microsoft , adobe , autodesk , corel software ! tzvtwhqeldl microsoft windows xp professional 2002 $ 50 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 50 you save : $ 220 bromine cheetah adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 retail price : $ 609 . 99 our low price : $ 60 you save : $ 550 convolve singapore microsoft office xp professional 2002 $ 100 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our low price : $ 100 you save : $ 480 virulent assumption microsoft windows 2000 professional $ 50 retail price : $ 266 . 99 our low price : $ 50 you save : $ 216 . 99 shortish ncaa adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 60 retail price : $ 404 . 99 our low price : $ 60 you save : $ 445 anisotropy didactic adobe illustrator 10 $ 80 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 80 you save : $ 190 stacy convalesce magi 10 th carnage wad arrest centrifuge anchorite posthumous dying loren armhole fable antithetic affiliate 
2	Subject: xms - new system effective : we have a new system to prepare expense reports called : expense reporting system : xms in order for us ( your assistants ) to prepare your expense reports you will need to log on the system and give us your permission . i will provide you step by step instructions to do so . i will make it as easy as possible . it is very important that you do this otherwise we will not have access or permission . ( 1 ) logging on to the system : log on to xms . enron . com and enter your logon id and password . ( your log on id is your po 0 # or your nt id and your password is enron ) ( 2 ) selecting approver and administrative assistant select my info button - then go to concur expense tab and select workflow . click on the spyglass to pick your approver ( your manager ) then your administrative asst . be sure to save your selection . ( 3 ) changing your password select my info button - then select my profile - then change password ( type in your old password twice ) ( if you forget your password call 31411 . ) ( 4 ) creating an expense report ( if you decide you would like to prepare your own expense report ) select my workspace tab , then create expense report . fill in required fields . select next button ( 5 ) approving a report an email message will notify you of a report pending your approval . you can click on the hotlink to logon to xms system . approve at summary level by clicking on the approval button for the home page . or double click on the title of the expense report to preview the details . to learn more go to the xms web page : http : / / xms . enron . com 
2	Subject: best pharma deals sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big disposable chiefdom brackish caste baboon babbitt assassin adjoin argue bun dell cartography backstage cranny blackmail animate bullock detest adieu bubble buttonhole d ' art decker circumvention brittle catabolic bitternut bonnet daffodil adagio blueback decollimate beachcomb andean cesare berlioz denature awhile control crockett abe daytime discovery antipathy adjoin berth boo coxcomb cavern colloidal cannel blot battlefront airline abutting astigmatism constance depreciable armature chalcedony addict carmen chairwomen checkbook centum cadenza demon barnes dianne bicentennial dandelion aging bing curio assay bridgehead autocollimate circumlocution cadillac cement barry difluoride choppy dodge discretion removemeplease  
2	Subject: timesheets for 2 / 15 and use of e - work orders for project hurricane just a reminder - timesheets need to be approved by 10 : 00 a . m . on tuesday , february 15 . this is necessary in order to meet the payroll deadline of exporting time to eta ( the corporate payroll system ) , which is noon on wednesday , february 16 . any timesheets that are not approved by the 10 : 00 tuesday deadline will automatically be approved by the energy operations timesheet coordinator . fyi - for the payroll period ending 1 / 31 , there was only 1 timesheet outstanding at the established deadline . in the past , there have been as many as 100 ( which represents a little more than 25 % of the energy operations headcount ) . thanks for your help and support . i know that the assistants all appreciate your help in meeting this deadline . a lot of you may not be affected by project hurricane . if you don ' t know anything about it , then you probably aren ' t affected by it ! in any event , we have set up 2 new e - work orders in the org database for project hurricane . they are as follows : e - hurr ( should be used to capture all time spent on the ongoing support for project hurricane ) e - hset ( should be used to capture all set - up costs ) both of these work orders are set up and can be used for the 2 / 15 pay period . however , the following steps must be taken for your employees to use the ates system and code their time to these work orders : managers - identify employees within your rc that will need to charge time to either or both of these work orders . please let your assistants know who these employees are . assistants - based on the information you receive from your managers , you must add 1 or both of the work orders to each employee ' s profile in the org database so that they are able to charge time to the work order in ates . assistants - for each time site you are responsible for , you must be sure to add this information to eta . if you aren ' t sure how to handle this , please contact kim perkins asap at x 3 - 5304 . thank you in advance for your cooperation in getting timesheets processed in a timely manner . please be sure to share this information with your staff if you haven ' t already done so . if you have any questions on the timesheets or the work orders , please contact me at x 3 - 6343 . lisa cousino 
2	Subject: derivatives class april 9 - 10 , houston kase ' s derivatives for energy professionals april 9 - 10 , 2002 register for more than one person or register for both classes and receive the " two or more discount " learn technical analysis is scheduled for june derivatives for energy professionals april 9 - 10 , 2002 the energy and power markets have experienced tremendous price fluctuations over the past few years as well as upheaval in the over - the - counter markets . the need for energy and power professionals to understand derivatives , and to measure and mitigate risk is even greater than ever . * valuing market risk * buying and selling forward * hedging long and short positions * hedging spreads and basis * volatility and options * hedging with options * hedging with " exotics " * dealing with credit risk april 9 - 10 , 2002 early bird discount until march 11 houston , texas click here for more information : click here to register learn technical analysis june 11 - 12 , 2002 in today ' s volatile energy markets , those who are able to make objective buy and sell decisions can make significant profits and greatly improve cash flow for themselves or their companies . * charting basics , types of charts , support and resistance * when to buy or sell * when to exit based on signals * how to exit based on stops * chart patterns and forecasting basics * statistical hedging june 11 - 12 , 2002 early bird discount until may 13 houston , texas click here for more information click here to register this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com at your request , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: you can find unimaginable savings on v . alium . , . . get hard to imagine savings on medicat . ions . a prescriptio - n isn ' t required . you ' ll get them over night . tracy saturnine delegate lad acquiesce beaumont elmhurst . alma hogan forcible postcondition rodgers villain . tanner bookend wronskian . 
2	Subject: this is super ! h real time , online , instant income ! our state of the art , multi - million dollar proprietary , award winning , online , cash generating system was built by the professionals for the novice . if you are looking for a way to make money from home , and have tried other programs reselling products and have found this difficult , if not impossible , go here and get your free information . . here is my web site : this three tier , member to member direct commission structure with our proprietary software puts you in a position to make money the minute you join . no waiting for fed ex nor a money order . you will never have to leave your house , unless you need to take a trip to your local atm . the only paper you have to touch is that which pops out of that atm . here is my web site : i ' m looking forward to hearing from you ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * this is a commerclal ad . you information was listed on a 100 % opt - in listing of people interested in offers from home . if you do not wish to receive offers like this select here  
2	Subject: re : tw customer letter missing a period after first para . otherwise ok . kal enron north america corp . from : michelle lokay @ enron 01 / 29 / 2001 01 : 37 pm to : kal shah / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tw customer letter here ' s the final that you and i had talked about earlier . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michelle lokay / et & s / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001 01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan m scott @ ect 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 41 pm to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , kal shah / hou / ect @ ect cc : carl carter / na / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : tw customer letter i believe this was intended for susan scott in ets . . . i am with nat . gas risk mgmt . thanks . to : carl carter / na / enron @ enron cc : susan m scott / hou / ect @ ect , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : tw customer letter michelle sent me the attached ( different version ) this morning for approval where she changed the first paragraph . i ' ve reviewed the original version susan scott just sent as well . it appears that most of the changes were just spelling out " transwestern . " i am ok with both versions as long as we have the july , 2000 date correct . please send me the final version that goes out for my records . kal shah carl carter @ enron 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 11 pm to : kal shah / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tw customer letter you may want to check this out . thanks . carl - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carl carter / na / enron on 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan scott 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 52 pm to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , carl carter / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : tw customer letter michelle , as i mentioned in my voice mail , the other lawyers wanted a few changes . my sincerest apologies for the confusion . apparently you and i were actually working off an old version of fgt ' s letter , not the one they ultimately approved and used . since you are out of the office , i ' ve taken the liberty of forwarding it to carl without you reviewing it first , since i know we want to mail this out soon . carl , michelle advised me that eol ' s lawyer had approved the previous version so i assume they will want to review this one as well . let me know if there are any concerns . thanks ! susan ( x 30596 ) 
2	Subject: oprah ' s favorite things the gingerbread man , hot salt scrub - 20 oz by philosophy our price : $ 25 . 00 drugstore . com johnny mathis - the christmas album list price : $ 9 . 98 our price : $ 7 . 07 you save : $ 2 . 91 ( 29 % ) overstock . com flower trug by jane carroll a combination of vase and votive candle , each trug is antiqued aged wood in a deep chocolate finish . it will arrive with fresh flowers in shades of raspberry and burgundy , or orange and gold . after the flowers have expired each glass holder fits a standard - size votive candle . our same trug is also available with freshly planted grass for a fresh , contemporary look . 12 h x 4 w x 14 l . from : $ 95 . 00 1 - 800 - flowers . com as seen on oprah ! dreamtime microwavable foot cozys , lavender as seen on the favorite things show in 2002 . dreamtime foot cozys work heated or cooled to comfort tired tootsies . filled with rejuvenating cinnamon , clove , and eucalyptus . one size fits most ( women ' s 6 - 11 , men ' s 5 - 10 ) . list price : $ 55 . 99 our price : $ 52 . 99 you save $ 3 . 00 ( 5 % ) drugstore . com america 24 / 7 by rick smolan / david elliot cohen pages : 304 , edition : 1 amer ed , hardcover , dorling kindersley publishing list price : $ 50 . 00 our price : $ 30 . 00 you save : $ 20 . 00 ( 40 % ) amazon . com o the oprah magazine 12 issues cover price : $ 42 . 00 our price : $ 19 . 99 you save $ 22 . 01 ( 52 % ) netmagazines . com " talking pictures " family photo album gc 603 new " talking pictures " family album neatly holds 96 4 x 6 - inch photos and 24 messages . built - in microphone records a personalized 10 - second message for 24 photos . flash memory preserves recordings forever even when changing batteries . listprice : $ 49 . 95 our price : $ 24 . 95 you save : $ 25 . 00 ( 50 % ) the sharper image wafer - thin cd system the new wafer - thin cd system uses advanced nxt * flat - panel speaker technology and an omni - directional subwoofer to deliver truly exceptional sound in a revolutionary , space - saving design . nxt flat - panel speakers yield complex vibration modes over the enti re speaker . . . $ 275 . 00 brookstone . com everyday grace : having hope , finding forgiveness by williamson marianne pages : 288 , hardcover , riverhead books list price : $ 19 . 95 price : $ 13 . 57 you save : $ 6 . 38 ( 32 % ) amazon . com the power of now ( paperback ) by tolle , eckhart the author shares the secret of his own self - realization and the philosophy for living in the present he has developed . list price : $ 14 . 00 our price : $ 9 . 40 you save : $ 4 . 60 ( 32 % ) overstock . com super - soft embroidered slipper socks accessory by karen neuburger slipper socks . constructed of microfiber . embroidered , lightweight and breathable . - karen neuburger ssso 48 xx slippers , lounge $ 15 . 00 barenecessities . com pink ribbon collection boyfriend pajama sleepwear by karen neuburger as seen on nbc ' s today show - made of super soft cotton blend , these full - length pajamas boast a feminine scattering of roses and pink ribbons atop an all - over pink scroll pattern . cut extra long to fall to the thigh . . . list price : $ 62 . 00 our price : $ 42 . 99 you save : $ 19 . 01 ( 31 % ) barenecessities . com seen on nbcs today - top 10 gift use bare necessities coupons to save more : save 5 % on your order at bare necessities today ! enter code bw 32 vb on the shopping bag page during checkout . offer expires 12 / 31 / 04 . free shipping on u . s . orders over $ 75 . enter coupon code bw 93 zb at checkout . expires 12 / 31 / 04 . this is not a spam . you are receiving this email because you have requested to receive emails from us . you have either signed up for one of our newsletters or have requested to receive emails from one of our partners . snp inc 251 jeanell drive , suite 3 carson city , nv 89703  
2	Subject: re : list of topn 50 counterparties here is a start on the list . we have a meeting with ubs in the am to review as well . obviously , i am putting limits that we would be willing to extend from a credit perspective only . taking into account liquidity and commercial drivers may adjust these numbers . let me know if you would like to discuss . regards , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 3 : 43 pm to : bradford , william s . subject : fw : list of topn 50 counterparties - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 3 : 42 pm to : ' richard . a . stuckey @ ssmb . com ' subject : list of topn 50 counterparties aquila aep dynegy duke reliant mirant coral sempra cook inlet energy supply l . l . c . el paso williams texaco natural gas inc . transcanada entergy - koch bp energy company cinergy midamerican energy company el paso merchant energy - gas , l . p . pg & e energy trading - gas corporation bp corporation north america inc . tenaska marketing ventures enserco energy , inc . calpine utilicorp united inc . constellation power source , inc . conectiv energy supply , inc . tractebel energy marketing , inc . energyusa - tpc corp . e prime , inc . cms marketing , services and trading company koch energy trading , inc . txu energy trading company j . aron & company oneok energy marketing and trading company , l . p . engage energy canada l . p . nexen marketing hess energy pancanadian energy services inc . mieco inc . cargill energy , a division of cargill , incorporated morgan stanley capital group inc . virginia power energy marketing , inc . oge energy resources , inc . allegheny energy supply company , llc pg & e energy trading - power , l . p . idacorp energy l . p . pseg energy resources & trade llc texla energy management inc . avista energy , inc . coastal merchant energy , l . p . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: great ! real ! actually working formula ! hi . hey . hello . yo , i saw these family pictures and thought of you . let me know what you think . get some for f r e e ! please call me soon as possible to let me know if you like them . to halt further emails from this service , please view this . hope to see you soon ! bye bye ! ; )  
2	Subject: fw : peoples gas - il fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kingerski , harry sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 3 : 09 pm to : black , don ; mihalik , teresa ; des champs , joseph cc : steffes , james d . ; ogenyi , gloria subject : peoples gas - il peoples gas has backed down from their request for a letter of credit to provide " adequate assurances of payment " , as stated in their tariff . they will continue to accept a parental guaranty , which is due no later than december 3 ( and which teresa says is being processed ) . the amount at issue is about $ 40 k . however , they are sending me a letter that will say , if there is any further downgrade in our rating , they will immediately require a l / c or cash deposit . 
2	Subject: you have received an e - card ! orientals scantier denizen nouns kneeling greetings ! confidential ! for recipient only ! dear recipient , diffusers slovenia infants slows kronecker a special e - card has been sent you . reopened prophecy logged downstream sewed - > you may pick it up by clicking on the link below and input your pickup code : caol 56 - us - lopyt pickup - ecards . com artichoke braided vagrant tutors annunciate your e - card will be available for 15 days from the sending date . to keep your e - card accessible indefinitely , you may want to join " my e - cards " - - an option to do so is provided in your e - card ! hubert blueberry gagged fiction boers save trees . learn about wildlife nature and the environment . generate an advertising sponsored donation . every e - card sent helps support wildlife and the environment ! inscribed droops rises truant unlike  
2	Subject: indecision brett kerr , the _ cable _ filter will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , } want pay _ perviews , xxx - movies , sport events , special - events , @ burgher , compendia , prim , vernier . curran , bladder , archimedes , hexafluoride .  
2	Subject: re : pretty girl wants to meet a real woman remove minnesota , which can clinch a wild - card playoff spot with a loss by either carolina or st . louis this weekend , appeared on its way to retaking the lead . but a holding penalty on birk - - the vikings were flagged nine times for 78 yards - - wiped out a 16 - yard run by michael bennett that would have given them the ball at the green bay 40 just before the 2 - minute warning . the vikings ( 8 - 7 ) , though , couldn ' t get what they needed from a pass defense that has struggled all season . government spokesman raanan gissin said four soldiers were killed . six people were taken to hospital - - four badly hurt , one with moderate injuries and one lightly injured , military sources said . the sources said another soldier remained beneath the rubble . gissin said rescue operations were continuing sunday night . the attack " indicates that unless there is decisive and sustained effort taken to dismantle the terrorist organization , it will be impossible to move towards normalizations and towards political negotiations , " gissin told a news crew . " and i think the responsibility on that lies with the palestinian authority . " shortly after the first blast , a second explosion was heard in southern gaza , but its precise location was not immediately known . hamas , in a phone call to cnn , said it had set off the first explosion near rafah in cooperation with a group called the fatah hawks . there was no immediate information available on that group , although it was believed to be linked to the fatah movement formerly led by the late palestinian leader yasser arafat . israeli military sources said it was a coordinated attack , with palestinians firing mortar shells and guns at the post when the explosives were detonated . it was not clear whether there were palestinian casualties . news video of the aftermath showed soldiers using stretchers to transport troops who appeared to be severely wounded . in a pamphlet distributed after the attack , hamas said it had used 1 . 5 tons of explosives and had recorded video of the incident . palestinians have used tunnels in the area to smuggle weapons from egypt . israel has carried out operations to crack down on the smuggling . shell explosion in schoolyard an israeli tank shell exploded in a gaza schoolyard sunday morning , wounding eight palestinian schoolchildren , palestinian medical and security sources said . the children between the ages of 6 and 12 - - sustained moderate to light injuries , the sources said . the violence happened in khan yunis in central gaza israeli military sources said that forces in the area identified what they thought was a number of mortar shells being fired towards israeli settlements nearby . in response , the forces fired towards the positions with light weapons , but did not fire a tank shell , the military sources said . 
2	Subject: re - order discounts 0 the onl * ine super sav ` ings pha ' rmacy cia - lis - val - ium - xa } nax - vi ^ agra - meridia - vioxx save money ( up to 7 o % ) sa } ve time ( overnight shipping ) no doc : tors appointment needed no presc . ription required do ] ctor approved loo % gen / eric meds  
2	Subject: prevent spam r 3 move market research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 
2	Subject: hi there alpha male plus , the only multiple orgasm supplement for men ! prevent premature ejaculat?on , become the ultimate sex machine . multiple orgasms with no erection loss ! your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / turpsz . us / alpha / ? skya - - - - - link below is for that people who dislike adv . . . . . http : / / turpsz . us / alpha / o . html . 
2	Subject: new version 7 : uncover the truth about anyone ! brand - new version 7 . 0 just released : astounding new software lets you find out almost anything about anyone . . . download it right now ( no charge card needed ) : for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here : discover everything you ever wanted to know about : your friends your family your enemies your employees yourself - is someone using your identity ? even your boss ! did you know you can search for anyone , anytime , anywhere , right on the internet ? download this software right now - - click here : this mammoth collection of internet investigative tools see the sites they visit , and what they are typing . - explore secret web sites that conventional search engines have never found . for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here :   > discover little - known ways to make untraceable phone calls .   > check adoption records ; locate missing children or relatives .   > dig up information on your friends , neighbors , or boss !   > discover employment opportunities from around the world !   > locate transcripts and court orders from all 50 states .   > cloak your email so your true address can ' t be discovered .   > find out how much alimony your neighbor is paying .   > discover how to check your phones for wiretaps .   > or check yourself out , and you will be shocked at what you find ! ! these are only a few things you can do , there is no limit to the power of this software ! ! to download this software , and have it in less than 5 minutes click on the url below to visit our website ( new : no charge card needed ! ) if you no longer wish to hear about future offers from us , send us a message with stop in the subject line , by clicking here : please allow up to 72 hours to take effect . please do not include any correspondence in your message to this automatic stop robot - - it will not be read . all requests processed automatically . [ fryte ^ 3247 ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ " ] 
2	Subject: revised flash london summary 03 jan . 2001 revision of 5 day rolling figures due to year end macro recalculation error in previous flash . all other p / l numbers are correct and unchanged . 
2	Subject: super saturday iv results ! good afternoon ! attached is the list of associate candidates to whom offers have been extended from super saturday iv . please feel encouraged to call or e - mail to congratulate them ! let me know if you have any questions ( ext . 3 - 6176 ) . thank you for all your help ! elizabeth boudreaux ps - i have also included the " no offer " list , just fyi . 
2	Subject: el paso firm capacity award memorandum louise , i delivered a hard copy of the attached to your assistant a little earlier this afternoon . please give me a call with any questions . thanks , steve steve van hooser enron north america corp . 1400 smith eb 3877 houston , texas 77002 713 - 853 - 7238 
2	Subject: hardcore sex & orgies ! ! ! hot girls fucking hard ! ! ! click here to see click here to see click here to see * over 150 , 000 xxx pictures * 125 , 000 + sex videos * 100 ' s of livecams & shows * erotic stories & adult chat rooms * new content added every day ! click here to enter click here to see click here to see click here to see this newsletter is not unsolicited . the email address has been subscribed to our mailing list . if you would like to stop receiving this newsletter , just click here to unsubscribe and we ' ll block your email address immediately .  
2	Subject: revised aga forecast for 6 / 23 is 65 mike , i refit the molecular model incorporated last week ' s data , the revised number for this week is 65 , ( dropped 3 bcf compared to last fit ) , see graph . let us see what is the real number today . zimin 
2	Subject: attn : buying ink online is the way to go ! 12083 do you have an inkjet or laser printer ? yes ? then we can save you $ $ $ money ! our high quality ink font - weight : bold " href  " http : / / www . superink . net / " > - - click here to visit our website ! - or call us toll - free anytime at 1 - 800 - 758 - 8084 * 90 - day warranty on remanufactured cartridges . free shipping on orders over $ 40 you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . if you feel you have received this message in error , or wish to be removed from our subscriber list , click here and then click send , and you will be removed within three business days . thank you and we apologize for any inconvenience .  
2	Subject: fyi i left kathy a message at ( 970 ) 240 - 6206 on monday july 9 , 2001 . 
2	Subject: it is with sincere sadness that i inform you of a tragedy that occurred . doug hammer , an enron northern natural gas senior operations and maintenance technician located at the lng facility in wrenshall , minnesota , died earlier this week . doug gave many years of dedicated service to eott and most recently northern natural gas . our thoughts and prayers are with doug ' s family . recognizing this is a difficult time for us all , the enron employee assistance program is available 24 hours a day , seven days a week . please call 713 . 853 . 6057 , or 1 . 800 . 345 . 1391 for assistance . additional information about the program is also available via the enron intranet site at : stan 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 18 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011804 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: fda approved prescrllpt | 0 n mediicatl 0 ns . exciusive offers xanax , valium , cialiis , viagar and many more . . . ! " many other popuiar products are aiso available ! save big buik with offers . . . piease cilck here  
2	Subject: project " miracle " as you may know , the generation investments group is in discussions with el paso on the sale of upstream equity interests in the cleburne , tx generating facility . as part of el paso ' s diligence , they ' ve asked to meet with our experts in tax , insurance and gas management matters pertaining to the facility on thursday , june 21 or friday , june 22 . we intend to schedule three separate meetings in either the enron building or 3 ac . please let me know what your availability is for a meeting on your area of expertise on either of those two days . thanks . rick hill generation investments group 
2	Subject: credit risk update vince , per bill ' s request , attached is the credit supplement from the board meeting . stephanie 3 - 9283 
2	Subject: no set - up or application fee ncify increase your sales up to 1500 % * * * * pay no set - up or application fee * * * * ( limited time offer ) call ( toll - free ) 1 - 888 - 707 - 4777 with coupon code # 800 oruse our reply form below for quickest results . we specialize in businesses that would most likely be declined by other processors : retail home - based businesses mlm ' s network marketing high volume membership sites new businesses good or bad credit adult web sites account features include : ez credit - 99 % approval rate secure real - time transactions on your website . application fee of $ 195 . 00 electronic check set - up fee of $ 295 . 00 waived ! ! terminal and printer or software available ! equipment purchase or 100 % tax deductible ez pay lease option available ! discount rates as low as 1 . 58 % ! we pay for every person you refer to us for processing ! coupon code first and last name company name phone number where you can be reached the best time to call you email address u . s . state or canadian province select your country united states choose canada type of business ( optional ) standard retail store front establishments outbound telemarketing catalog mo / to merchants dating services airlines subscriptions discount coupon books audiotext house party plans extended liability home - based businesses foreign corporations vitamin / nutrition multi - level marketers electronic cash fulfillment centers personals advertising ( internet ) adult internet sites online casino other choose monthly revenue in transactions ( optional ) this offer only for u . s . residents , or canadians with a valid ss # and u . s . bank account . to be removed from this list . under bill s . 1618 title iii section 301 . per section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) passed by the 105 th us congress any email or mass marketing email cannot be considered spam as long as the sender includes contact information and a method of removal . to be removed mailto : removed @ removefactory . com and put remove in the subject line . to be removed from future mailings , please send a blank email to . qgncmtflpngnodveuomgyo 
2	Subject: isidro blizzard aspire necrosis stereography ascribe are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! and the costs are very low ! hydroxy desolate entropy tar trifluouride kingpin tough doctrinaire tine alhambra burn plus continent persuade umbrage bookbind tonsillitis probate waldron boost vade acs glimpse caricature complainant cuckoo cudgel bud band  
2	Subject: they found new antidote the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . free shipping & 30 - day money back guarantee we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . click here to learn more remove me from mailing list  
2	Subject: panel forming now bait - excelled @ em . ca - 100 to participate having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . bait - excelled @ em . ca , get paid $ 100 to participate , guaranteed * ! # 0567134 june 15 , 2005 we need people from your area . paid marketing panel  will pay you $ 100 guaranteed * to participate in our marketing panel . takes only seconds a day . nothing to buy . zero experience ok . maximum of 5 friends welcome . urgent ! available only to the first 5000 panelists - after that this panel will close . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : happygifts . info opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: returned mail : can ' t create output the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 57 : 28 - 0500 from [ 221 . 3 . 33 . 27 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - jodyanddavid . herring @ verizon . net ( expanded from : ) bowguns ( expanded from : ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to relay . verizon . net . : > > > rcpt to : < < < 550 5 . 1 . 1 unknown or illegal alias : jodyanddavid . herring @ verizon . net 550 jodyanddavid . herring @ verizon . net . . . user unknown procmail : quota exceeded while writing " / var / spool / mail / bowguns " 550 bowguns . . . can ' t create output 
2	Subject: we are for the most part finished with sec var . we are missing october and december brent crude commodity positions . when we get these numbers we will reissue this report , but they are not likely to be different enough from the guesses we inserted to make a difference . total var is the highest i have seen at $ 92 million . one reason is that trading commodities var remains very high at $ 66 million ( though it is down from the $ 81 million of november ) . the other reason is that trading securities var is by far the highest it has been at $ 63 million . merchant assets ( with a var of $ 29 million ) and total return swaps ( with a var of $ 56 , up from $ 24 in november ) are at all time highs . bacchus and riva ( both originated in december ) conspired to increase total return swap var . nevertheless , the biggest culprit is cerberus ( a fixed for eog shares swap we put on in november ) . cerberus contains ten million unhedged shares of eog . the value of the shares increased from $ 42 in november to $ 55 in december , raising var substantially . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: re : mba polish speakers does he know any of the names identified by sophie ? sidney cox 2000 - 02 - 23 19 : 31 to : jarek astramowicz / war / ect @ ect , jarek dybowski / war / ect @ ect , krzysztof forycki / war / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect , sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : mba polish speakers vince was in the office today and i mentioned to him the difficulties we are having in finding good quality polish mbas . vince has kindly agreed to make contacts and forward some names to us . sid 
2	Subject: good news on endorsements vince & vasant , jeff skilling has said that enron would not make any endorsements of third - party services , so please disregard my previous e - mail regarding aer press releases . joe 
2	Subject: urgent business assistance mr james kofi project implementation ministry of energy and mineral resources p . o . box 745 , accra . ghana email : kofi 51 @ zwallet . com dear sir , it is my pleasure to write this letter to you . first , i must ask your utmost confidentiality in this transaction by virtue of it being utterly confidential . i am mr . robert kokoh , a member of the ghana export promotion council ( gepc ) . i am currently in europe on a one year traning course . i was also with the government delegation to your country during a bilateral trade conference . i have decided to seek your assistance and co - operation in the execution of a business transaction described here under for the benefit of all parties and hope that you keep it confidential because of the nature of the transaction . we basically seek your assistance to front in the transfer of us $ 30 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars only ) . source : i was working as a director of project implementation within the ministry of energy and mineral resources and with co - operation of three other top officials , we have in our possession an overdue payment in us funds . the said funds represents certain percentage of the contract value executed on behalf of my ministry by a foreign contracting firm , which we the officials over - invoiced by a total amount of us $ 30 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) . though the actual contract cost has been paid to the original contractor , leaving the excess balance unclaimed . but by virtue of us being civil servants we cannot acquire this fund in our names , therefore i was delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues to look for an overseas partner into whose account we would transfer the funds hence we are writing you this letter . our government is determined to pay foreign contractors all debts owned so as to maintain continued good relations with both the foreign governments and non government financial agencies . we have decided to include our bills for approval with the co - operation of some officials at the department of finance and the central bank of ghana ( cbg ) . we hereby seek your assistance to act as the beneficiary of the unclaimed funds since we are not allowed to operate a foreign account . you will provide us with a good front and partnership to process the remittance of the money to you as a form of contract payment . this process will be an internal arrangement with the departments concerned and we will handle this here , your duty is to act as the contractor and have the contract sum paid to you . i have the authority of my partners to invite you into this matter and with your acceptance of our invitation , your share as compensation will be 20 % , and 70 % will be for us and 10 % will be for the settlement of taxation and other miscellaneous expenses incurred . the business itself is 100 % safe , fail proof and risk - free , provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality and you follow our instructions carefully and religiously . your area of business specialization does not matter as it cannot hinder the successful execution of this transaction . i hope i can put my confidence in you in this matter . please contact me by return email to indicate your willingness and capability to assist us . thank you for your anticipated co - operation and i await the receipt of our message to enable me bring you into the complete picture of the transaction . yours faithfully , mr james kofi .  
2	Subject: re : risk book translation dear professor kaminski , thanks for spending your very valuable time to take trouble to arrange our contact with the risk staffs . i will appreciate very much . masayuki fujita 
2	Subject: save now * * * * * write down * * * * * hello , it is time to refinance ! your credit does not matter , we can approve anyone . now is the time to let some of the top mortgage companies in the country compete for your business . if you have good credit we will give you the most amazing rates available anywhere ! if you have poor credit , don ' t worry ! we can still refinance you with the most competitive rates in the industry ! let us put our expertise to work for you ! guaranteed ! http : / / 21377 @ www . top - lenders . com / app best , top - lenders erase  
2	Subject: generic cialis ( regalis ) , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . cialis is known as a super - v?agra or weekend - v?agra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : www . rx - world 6 . com / cia / ? bonsay 
2	Subject: we ship viagra to all countries hg ruxblb qss , $ 18 , $ 3 ! ! vqjikbf orwvdfp natzjeggk a ug pzzmgowdsehqys 
2	Subject: i think you might be interested hello , i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walker 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , marget  
2	Subject: fwd : cut - price x + a + nax \ vlagr @ ; : valium : ^ % rnd _ med _ vicoidin % p . n . termin , s + o + ma 92 bli we are your your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . always available : ) v @ 1 | um ~ xa _ n _ ax # + s + oma ? pnterm . i . n . viagr @ plus : ambi 3 ' n , s ` 0 nata , fl 3 xeri ` l , ce | 3 ` brex , fioric 3 ' t , tram @ do ' | , u | . tr @ m , l 3 v : | tra , prop 3 ci ' a , acyc | 0 vi ` r , pro ` z @ c , p : @ xil , b : usp @ r , ad | : p 3 x , i : 0 namin , m : 3 ridia , x . 3 nica | we accept almost every form of payment . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: revised list per your instructions , i have reduced staff for newco based on the following assumptions : 750 total employees in newco smaller phone switch , sized for 750 people organization email supported out of a larger corporation and not stand alone no help desk , coverage from trading floor support techs no 7 x 24 support , coverage for 5 xl 2 ( 7 am to 7 pm ) call with questions . thanks . jr 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 3 , 2001 teco tap 7 . 500 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: award notification the lottery promotion company limited churchill house , chalvey road east slough , berkshire sll 2 ls from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref : lw 907686 and batch no : 22 / 457 / epll . attention : sir / madam , re / award notification we are pleased to notify you of the announcement today of winners of the lottery promotion company limited programs held on 12 th of march 2005 as part of our first quarter of the year bonanza . you or your company , attached to ticket number 1416 - 4612 , with serial number 458625 drew the lucky numbers 60 - 17 - 7 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in the " 1 st " category . you have been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 5 , 500 , 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no : lw 907686 this is from total prize money of us $ 16 , 500 , 000 . 00 shared among the three ( 3 ) international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer balloting system drawn form 77 , 000 email address of individuals and company name at a random from middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe and north america and oceania as part of our international promotions program , which is conducted annually sponsor by major companies in uk . congratulations ! your file for payment has been forwarded to our financial handlers for category " a " and to immediately collect your prize , please contact our category " a " financial handlers with information below : mr . forest anderson bluearc limited 6 st andrew street london ec 4 a 3 lx tel : + 447040101599 fax : + 447092840755 email : bluearc 70 @ mail . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . in your best interests and to avoid complications you must initiate contact within one week of receipt of this correspondence . blue arc london ltd . will handle all matters with regards to claiming your prize . all correspondences to mr . forest anderson , either by fax or email , should have this email sent along with it and also , your full address , your country of residence and your email address to which this email is sent , should be clearly and boldly written in your response with your claims agent . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference lw 907686 and batch numbers 22 / 457 / epll in every correspondences with mr . forest anderson . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform mr . forest anderson as soon as possible . you are to keep all lottery information from the public as we will not entertain cases of multiple claims processing or compromise the privacy and security for all winners congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely yours , mrs . lisa jones the promotions manager . the lottery promotion company limited n . b . anybody under the age of 18 cannot participate in this program and any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . do not reply to this mail . contact your claim agent . disclaimer : this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the addressee ( s ) named herein . if you are not the intended recipient or addressee , you should not use , disseminate , distribute , copy or alter this email . any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and might not represent those of " the lottery promotion company limited . " and or its units . warning : although reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure no viruses are present in this email , the company cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of this email or attachments . if you have received this electronic mail message in error , please contact the sender directly . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: first - class prescripiton pills far psych inoperable dukedom orestes want a prescription medication ? find it here ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now pete stile fore paregoric togo  
2	Subject: your ref # : 51290665 dear sir / madam , your ref # : 51290665 reply to : mvern @ representative . com or mvern @ emailaccount . com we have approve you for our loan program that we offer to international businessmen and reputed personnel . this loan program will last for a very short time . you are guaranteed for $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 to $ 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 us dollars for up to 30 years of monthly payments with fixed 2 % apr . this special program will last for only one month . this loan program is designed to give growing small companies and reputed businessmen and women like you that have established a good credit history an opportunity to achieve their objectives and goal . you have been approved for this life time opportunity . please include your reference number 5121190 in your reply . do not forget to include your most recent contact details including full personal or company address with direct phone and fax phone for processing . this not a spam or junk mail . please treat with urgency . reply to mvern @ representative . com or mvern @ emailaccount . com for more details . sincerely mike vern  
2	Subject: re : business cards / amex cards for new ubs warburg energy llc employees i ' m happy to proceed with this , unless louise or david have any issues . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mark . bridges @ ubsw . com [ mailto : mark . bridges @ ubsw . com ] sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 8 : 37 am to : forster , david ; oxley , david ; louise @ enron . com cc : breilly @ ubspw . com subject : business cards / amex cards for new ubs warburg energy llc employees hello louise , dave , david , is there any reason why we should not get started with the process of getting business cards and amex cards for all folks that have signed up to join the new entity ? mark visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: smallcap cribsheet investor alert - immediate release - investor alert breakout forecast tuesday july 19 , 2005 ! ! ! ready to run ! ! ! [ running now ! ! ! ] ! ! ! big winner ! ! ! china world trade corp . cwtd china world trade corp . current price : $ 2 . 31 projection 5 to 7 days : $ 4 . 50 - $ 5 . 00 projection 12 to 18 days : $ 6 . 00 - $ 8 . 00 see company president john hui interview with cnn asia also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company growth completed ! ! ! ! forward plan to dominate china ' s travel industry . ( a chinese expedia . com ) china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of new generation southern china ' s largest travel company . chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd and continuing his record for success . cwtd is here to stay . read the news china world trade corporation establishes international business center to further enhance business services division monday guangzhou , china , july / xinhua - prnewswire - firstcall / - - china world trade corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) announced today that the international business center ( ibc ) has commenced operations on july 1 which will support the international communication needed between the company ' s corporate clients and members . additionally , ibc will assist in serving china world trade corporation ' s premier club members with business travel and other various corporate services . ibc aims to build up a strong platform and play an important role in integrating the business resources of the company ' s ceo clubs and world trade center clubs and to utilize new generation ' s extensive travel network and operating system . ibc will also help china world trade corporation enhance services available to the company ' s clients with more comprehensive products such as the arrangement of international business tours , destination intelligence , immigration , and overseas investment consulting services . ibc is a bridge linking china world trade and ceo clubs to penetrate the business services market in china , said mr . william tsang , president and chairman of china world trade corporation . we are confident that we will become one of the pioneers in the business services industry in china . we expect ibc to generate a new stream of revenue , from the amalgamation of our tailor - made services in areas such as business consulting , immigration and investments for our premium clients . stoc : k is ready to rock ! ! ! ! company has already facilitated the money it need ' s to continue it ' s rapid grow ! ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc : ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc : ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stoc : k . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stoc : k they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stoc : k , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: herbal viagra 30 day trial . . . oncxbv exit list instructions pmoney 
2	Subject: love horse - racing ? bet on your favorite are you going to watch the kentucky derby this weekend ? want to bet on who will win ? here to bet on the 2005 kentucky derby : sportsinteraction is the world ' s most interactive venue for sports betting . we provide up to the minute betting odds on the world ' s leading sports events ! here : http : / / tallgreenplants . biz / dbm 83 / l . php ? 1358 & 2326196 & f  343 & i  5422 minimum deposit is only $ 20 and the minimum bet is only $ 1 plus all new members will receive a 10 % bonus . bet instantly right now ! here : http : / / tallgreenplants . biz / dbm 83 / l . php ? 1358 & 2326196 & f  343 & i  5422 the above advertisement is sent by a sports interaction affiliate . if you have any questions or concerns , you may contact us at the following address : sports interaction , route 138 , po box 1539 kahnawake qc , jol 780 canada if you wish to get no more info from future sports interaction mailings please see here : http : / / tallgreenplants . biz / dbm 83 / l . php ? 1359 & 2326196 or go to the website and select the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the page . should you wish to get no more info from the list owner who sent you this email , please follow the unsubscription information below : this deal is brought to you by lapsingjoe if you no longer wish to receive deals from us , please select this : lapsingjoe , suite 4 temple building , prince william & main street , b - 822 , charlestown , federation of st kitts & nevis , west indies 
2	Subject: re : dpr adjustments for uk power from the risk management perspective i would like to add the following comments : uk power - despite much testing we still have a few production teething problems with the transfer to enpower and this was the first full live day . the specific issues surrounding the o 30 m adjustment is being investigated by it and we hope to have a definitive answer tomorrow . continental power - the portcalc valuation failed 4 times as a result of it problems resulting is us missing the deadline . oslo - the officialisation was at 10 . 56 london time against a deadline of 11 . 00 . james david hardy 21 / 11 / 2000 17 : 01 to : james new / lon / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect subject : dpr adjustments for uk power james , it appears only the uk gas mtm made it for the v @ r run in houston today . uk power : ( despite the spotlight being on this feed due to the first run of the new evaluation system ) was officialised late and required the below mentioned adjustment . contintental power : officialised late ? nordic power : was officialised around 11 am london time - the slowness of the current feed to houston prevented the feed reaching there on time ( feed has been rewritten by it to speed up the process and is currently in uat ) however , it appears the normal time for officialisation this book is around 10 . 30 am which allows the feed to hit to normally hit on time . appreciate if you could looked into the above . regards david - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david hardy / lon / ect on 21 / 11 / 2000 16 : 06 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael batey 21 / 11 / 2000 12 : 22 to : david hardy / lon / ect @ ect cc : mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect subject : dpr adjustments for uk power david we have a topside adjustment to put through of o ( 30 , 164 , 151 ) against south western electricity plc . this is due to pd deal eo 00535 , peer id 41957 being valued in enpower when it was supposed to be excluded from the mtm . regards mike 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : iogo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fw : avoidable overtime hours - - - - - original message - - - - - from : belden , tim sent : tuesday , march 13 , 2001 12 : 54 pm to : beth perlman / hou / ect @ enron cc : white , stacey ; nat , steve subject : avoidable overtime hours we have had 100 percent turnover in our risk group in the last 9 months , including two people leaving in the last week . one of the main frustrations comes from many overtime hours spent working through technology issues . last friday is a typical example . the three members of our risk group were here until about 10 pm friday night working through a problem caused by technology . for some reason , our futures position was dropping out of our positions . they noticed this and stayed until it was fixed . it turns out that a dba somewhere made a change that caused the mapping of our futures positions to change . had this person communicated to people what he / she was doing , it is my understanding that the problem could have been avoided . stated another way , lack of communication by someone in technology caused our risk group to work an extra 15 hours on friday night . i should add that one or more people in technology had to work extra on friday as well . it is so frustrating to see this sort of thing happen over and over . the list of little things that cause lots of extra work is so long that it is not funny . it kills morale and burns out smart , hard working people . what do you think we can do to change this situation ? 
2	Subject: ena government affairs - september 2001 update attached please find sept ' s government affairs report . if you would like to discuss , please let me know . thanks , jim 
2	Subject: fw : hotlist louise , i just spoke with faith killen and she enlightened me on exactly what you ' re looking for . it is my understanding that you ' re not necessarily looking for hotlist information but more of a weekly deal update schedule which would identify deals being worked on and the status of each . she also indicated that you were looking for this information to come directly from the commercial world and not accounting . dave , gary justice prepares a weekly deal schedule which includes a column for " status / follow - up . " this schedule , if completely populated for each deal , should serve this purpose . i will pass this information on to him . thanks , paula . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harris , paula sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 12 : 59 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : duran , w david subject : hotlist louise , attached is the hotlist based on last week ' s deals . it combines both east power and generation investments . please let me know if this schedule meets your needs or if you would like to see something different . thanks , paula . 
2	Subject: abb meeting louise - i just talked with max . i wanted to make sure we had our dates right . abb is here on thursday , april 26 at 9 : 00 am . i am taking them to dinner wednesday night . dtt 
2	Subject: special offer for ms money 2004 perkins microsoft software at superb prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a fraction of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for shipping . officexp microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | order for just $ 50 | you save : $ 520 windowsxp designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 270 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 210 windows server 2003 windows server 2003 is the most productive infrastructure platform for powering connected applications , networks , and web services from the workgroup to the data center . easy to deploy , manage , and use , windows server 2003 helps you build a secure it infrastructure that provides a powerful application platform for quickly building connected solutions and an information worker infrastructure for enhanced communication and collaboration anytime and anywhere . retail : $ 860 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 800 many more titles available view our whole software catalogue windmill bestselling connecticutriley domineer reedadenosine clubwomb sapsucker 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search enqines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , crystieshannon _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: * * message you sent blocked by our bulk email filter * * your message to : ponddr @ nalu . net was blocked by our spam firewall . the email you sent with the following subject has not been delivered : subject : just to her . . . 
2	Subject: 2001 technical training listed are the last technical training classes offered for the 2001 calendar year : october 9 & 10 - fundamentals of electricity october 11 & 12 - basics of risk management november 6 & 7 - natural gas , wellhead to burnertip november 8 & 9 - nominations thru allocations all classes are being held at koch industries , 20 e . greenway plaza , houston , tx . please visit our website at http : / / www . nesanet . org / ( educational programs ) for a description of the classes , prices and registration forms . or you can call me at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 and i will be happy to fax the information to you . have a great day ! ! lana moore director of education nesa / hea p ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 f ( 713 ) 856 - 6199 
2	Subject: prop 0 sal dear siobhan _ riskin our company will place any business with a qualified website permanently at the top of the major search engines guaranteed never to move ( eg : yahoo ! , msn , alta vista , etc ) . if you are interested in being guaranteed first position in the top search engines at a promotional fee , please contact us at hannah @ speedy . com . pe please include the url ( s ) your are interested in promoting this is not pay per click examples will be provided . sincerely the search engine placement specialists if you wish to be removed , please respond to hannah @ speedy . com . pe and type the word : remove in your subject line 
2	Subject:  a only fix to penis growth limited time offer : add atleast 4 inches or get your money back ! - - - > click here and see more no thanks  
2	Subject: california update # 2 ; 3 / 23 / 01 ? davis ' s transmission deal essentially dead as reported early , the primary sticking point in davis ' s deal with pg & e was over pg & e ' s legal obligation to supply california with power , given the state ' s net short position this summer . as a result of last night ' s ruling , the net short position doubles this summer and davis is not willing to let pg & e out of these responsibilities . the legislature also recently discovered , in a draft of the transmission deal , that the deal removes the capuc ' s rate setting powers , meaning rate hikes are a strong possibility . according to sources , the legislature " is in horror " at this discovery and will absolutely not let this happen . ? davis becoming very unpopular with the legislature as they realize the term of lt power contracts the legislature is also growing increasing more angry at davis as they realize the lt contracts negotiated with davis will not fully come into affect until 2004 . additionally , many legislatures are discovering , as they return home , that they are losing popularity in their districts and are having to face angry constituents . as a result , davis ' s creditability is starting to suffer and he losing support of both democrats and republicans . ? davis warns senior republican leadership not to publicly make waves davis told senior republican leaders that if they start talking to the press and pointing fingers at davis and his lack of solid solutions to california ' s problems , he will " drag both pete wilson and the previous administration through the mud " as the original source of the deregulation debacle . ? last ditch efforts could be made regarding rate hikes , however doesn ' t address past debt davis could order rate hikes as a last ditch effort , but this action would not address the undercollection issue . there is still a high chance of bankruptcy by either the larger generators , commercial paper holders , and ( less now but still very possible ) the qfs as time is running out ( forbearance period ended march 13 ) . 
2	Subject: aquila dave marks just got a call from someone at aquila saying they got a corporate - wide e - mail saying they shouldn ' t trade on enrononline anymore . - r 
2	Subject: winning one of our chopard and feel the triumph on your wrist . these beauties have thesame fea - tures and logos as their originals . you will flnd all the best - selling points on our goods . select either battery / quartz or the one with automatic movement . http : / / 714 i . ymw . essenceandcore . com / i 5 h / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alfonso @ afdt . com [ mailto : jefferson @ hk . com ] sent : thursday , march 4 , 2005 4 : 07 pm to : moshe ; shannon @ rsrg . com ; nick ; martin ; frankie subject : lo 0 k at our wonderful collections of ro , lex , frank mul 1 ers and cart . iers . you can ' t flnd any reason to reject these beauties . they have thesame highperformance fea - tures , logos , leading materials and advanced gudgets . promising to be with them the whole of the following morning , therefore , professor of botany presented himself , one who could explain his walking along any path , or leaning against any gate , was ready 
2	Subject: new alternative remedy : may help fight hiv the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' http : / / www . xcelentbio . us / biomiracle / sash kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . free shipping & 30 - day money back guarantee we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . learn more http : / / www . xcelentbio . us / biomiracle / sash no more plz go to  
2	Subject: interview - credit derivatives dear vince : thank you for the invitation yesterday . it was a pleasure to meet you all and learn more about the group , it ' s structure and to some extent what you are involved in . please extend my thanks to all of them . i am particularly interested in the credit swap trading platform that enron has recently started . such a platform will provide unique visibility into the credit markets . as you suggested i tried to learn more about this from tanya . i would like to learn more and if possible meet other people more directly linked to the effort . just simple instruments like credit swaps will require serious modelling capability for the pricing and the hedging of these apparently simple intruments . the market visibility i mention above can be explored through credit derivatives trading successfully if enron possesses superior ( vis a vis morgan stanley , salomon smith barney , chase manhatan , etc . ) modelling technology in credit derivatives . i can and would like to consider the possibility of doing this for enron . i would like to help develop and participate in putting together that business . as i mentioned to you i have done some work in credit derivatives and am deeply familiar with virtually all the work of the principal academics in credit derivatives namely : duffie , lando , tuffano , duffee , das , lelland , etc . i have read carefully most of their work ( published as well as working papers ) on the subject to date . i look forward to hearing from you . best regards joao 
2	Subject: re : first delivery - wagner oil vance , deal # 446555 has been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 10 / 19 / 2000 02 : 17 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : first delivery - wagner oil bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period global no . wagner oil company 9859 300 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 11 10 / 16 - 10 / 31 96049058 fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of november . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 10 / 19 / 2000 02 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : esther buckley 10 / 19 / 2000 02 : 04 pm to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , eric wardle / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first delivery - wagner oil see attached file 
2	Subject: stacey automated system generating 8 k per week parallelogram people are getting rich using this system ! now it ' s your turn ! we ' ve cracked the code and will show you . . . . this is the only system that does everything for you , so you can make money . . . . . . . . because your success is . . . completely automated ! let me show you how ! click here to opt out click here % random _ text  
2	Subject: inc ; rease the width of your w , oody the only solution to penis enlargement limited offer : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % cash back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more no - more offers  
2	Subject: test & keep a dell laptop ( paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr ) please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: upside only treasury - linked annuity upside of annual increases in 5 - year t - note bonus crediting over normal treasury notes alternative for large municipal bond or t - note buyers call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * for deposits over $ 100 , 000 we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: . hi rachelle , last week , frank and i were talking about my pre - ejaculation problem . so i did some digging around and found a product that has been around for quite some time . a ton of people have tried it and i guess it ' s worth a try . i just placed a 4 month package today . you should do the same . here is the link to purchase . . . http : / / www . johnniedash . biz / en / 10 / give me your thoughts on it and shoot me back an email and tell me what you found out if any input would be appreciated it . regards , purcell  
2	Subject: re : m lay response al , thanks for the update . i hope that you and mark will come up with a good plan of attack . i can only regret that my workload does not allow me to participate in this project . vince al arfsten on 01 / 25 / 2001 05 : 45 : 54 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : m lay response vince : i forwarded mark lay ' s reply to update you . al received : from outbound 5 . enron . com ( 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ) by mailo 6 a . intermediahosting . com ( rs ver 1 . 0 . 58 s ) with smtp id 09075930 for ; thu , 25 jan 2001 18 : 34 : 37 - 0500 ( est ) received : from nahou - msmswolpx . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 37 ] ) by postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id xaal 2799 for ; thu , 25 jan 2001 23 : 34 : 36 gmt from : mark . lay @ enron . com received : from nahou - lnintol . corp . enron . com ( unverified ) by nahou - msmswolpx . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with esmtp id for ; thu , 25 jan 2001 17 : 34 : 36 - 0600 to : arfsten @ bflassociates . com x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal date : thu , 25 jan 2001 17 : 34 : 16 - 0600 subject : re : [ fwd : new commodity marketplace opportunity ] message - id : x - mimetrack : serialize by router on nahou - lnintol / enron ( release 5 . 0 . 2 b ( intl ) | 16 december 1999 ) at 01 / 25 / 2001 05 : 34 : 34 pm mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / plain ; charset  us - ascii x - loop - detect : 1 x - mozilla - status 2 : 00000000 i did understand that you were still at the concept stage . it is a very interesting proposal and i would like to think about it . thanks , mark - - - - - original message - - - - - from : al arfsten @ enron enron . com ] sent : thursday , january 25 , 2001 10 : 45 am to : lay , mark subject : [ fwd : new commodity marketplace opportunity ] mark : per our brief conversation this morning , the attached email was sent to you yesterday . i hope that you might understand that i am conceptually looking for " founders " and at the " pre " business plan stage . there is an enormous problem existing with a very attractive economic reward and willing participants needing this solution . i need help . al arfsten 713 965 2158 content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit x - mozilla - status 2 : 00000000 message - id : date : wed , 24 jan 2001 15 : 49 : 37 - 0600 from : al arfsten organization : bfl associates , ltd . x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 7 [ en ] c - cck - mcd nscpcd 47 ( win 98 ; i ) x - accept - language : en mime - version : 1 . 0 to : mark . lay @ enron . com subject : new commodity marketplace opportunity content - type : text / plain ; charset  us - ascii mark lay : i shared confidentially with vince kaminski my developing concept of a highly inefficient not - for - profit enterprise with dramatically increasing costs . i believe that a for - profit economic model is possible that should reverse these skyrocketing costs and ultimately lower the commodity thereby having a national , if not , global impact of health care costs . vince seems to also believe in the concepts potential . the ceo of one of the biggest u . s . blood banks has already asked to become involved . i would like involve more people with vision , means and desire to help make this a reality . i would look forward to meeting with you to talk further . al arfsten 713 965 2158 
2	Subject: 98 - 1534 daren , the above mentioned meter ( delivery ) shows a small flow of 24 dec . on 2 - 1 - 00 . the sitara deal ( 151694 ) has a stop date of 1 / 31 / 2000 . can you please extend the deal thru 2 - 1 - 00 to cover this small volume ? thanks - jackie - 
2	Subject: approval # 5146 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , alejandra stern libreville juniper accord cervix ember freest episcopal kink agent buxom audiotape rand taurus tara thither butchery extraneous blatzcleat gaston stratosphere milky builtin do druid causation headquarter worktable glycerin despondent clipboard illegible controversy fail result routautonomy cloture withdrew crab hermetic trench befogging closure strongroom thurman batchelder sylvan depository beautiful suppressor sea houston blouse cup waffle felony chit thank maltose command frustrate arty empower habib margery scam jo farthest wilburmarc edgewise allah grumble consequential josiah avoid bloomington ubiquity cityscape bookcase amherst business bias matte 
2	Subject: re : waha hubco i appologize , but i forgot one of the attachments . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 4 : 40 pm to : miller , kent ; herber , stephen ; williams , jo ; watson , kimberly cc : martin , thomas a . ; farmer , daren j . ; higgins , ned ; owen , david ; fitzwater , loftus subject : waha hubco to all : the attached memo summarizes our discussions regarding waha and proposes a way forward with respect to either the nng or t ' w options . . i will arrange a meeting to discuss your comments after you have had a chance to review . thanks , brian > 
2	Subject: re : working gas price model vince - i have a simplified version of brad ' s model in mind . the " no arbitrage " condition equates trading margins across the country . costs of transmission rise with congestion on the network . wellhead supply is almost completely price - elastic , while burner - tip demand is almost completely price inelastic . storage is rationalized as a perpetual call option . the least time - variant parameters are the costs of injecting and withdrawing gas from storage to the pipeline , followed by the costs of delivering gas from the wellhead to the pipeline . the intermediate - variant parameters are the capacity - dependent costs paid to the pipeline ( above shrinkage ) for transmission . the most time - variant parameters are the trading margins and the valuations of the storage option . there are 8 parameters to be estimated at each major node of the betwork . they are identifiable in either of two straightforward ways : using a short time series of the last 3 days prices based on the assumed variability mentioned above , or point - estimates ( " calibrations " ) using only today ' s data based on a node - based model of competition between pipelines where pipes with the same region of origination , albeit markedly different terminus , price versus capacity similarly , " competing " for outflows . i will write this up for you in scientific word and present it to you at your earliest convenience . clayton 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : discussion with his tablets sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est yof arm inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas  
2	Subject: your pharmacy nx want a cheap pain killers ? http : / / www . nopalns . com /  
2	Subject: sitara / cpr availability the sitara system will be brought down saturday evening ( oct 14 - 8 pm central time ) to move the system to a new machine . the system will be available late saturday , at approximately 11 pm . cpr will be available during this time . please call the sitara / cpr hotline ( ( 713 ) - 853 - 7049 ) if you have any questions or concerns . 
2	Subject: get a bu _ lky p ^ 0 le * dcrgvabyssyzbr loading please wait . . . . . do you want a longer penis ? enlarge your penis ! instant rock hard erections ! longer lasting time ! click here for information remove me  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: cialis has outclassed rivals viagra it ' s people i can ' t stand . many a man ' s tongue broke his nose . 
2	Subject: softwares cds all software under $ 15 and $ 99 ! only our software is guaranteed 100 % legal . a waist is a terrible thing to mind . it is impossible to say just what i mean ! 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: garden ornaments | ppu our delightful garden ornaments combine the finest craftsmanship in woodworking with the lastest technology in paints and hardware : we are the world ' s biggest whirligig maker . sincerely , studio t . inc . , usa the home of heller whirligigs remove : e - mail based commercial communication avoids unnecessary spending on catalogs and paper , and helps to preserve valuable natural resources such as forests and oil . we do not wish to share our valuable information about whirligigs with those who are not interested . should you not wish to receive information from us in the future , please click on the following removal link : even though our database cleansing might be subject to delay or error , we will remove your e - mail address permanently from our database . however , please realize that removal from our database does not guarantee that your e - mail address will be deleted from the many other e - mail marketers who construct databases themselves by harvesting from web sites , or by buying any of the thousands of lists of e - mail addresses that are openly for sale on the internet . . . .  
2	Subject: daily p & l . . . gas desk made approx $ 55 . 8 million . the strength of west basis contributed to most of this gain . end - of - day update estimated fixed price change position update east central inter - dsk total inter - dsktotalinter - dsktotalinter - dsktotalinter - dsktotalinter - dsktotaltotal rest of month ( 100 . 00 ) ( 100 . 00 ) april 400 . 00 ( 218 . 00 ) ( 300 . 00 ) ( 118 . 00 ) may - oct ( 180 . 00 ) ( 3 , 000 . 00 ) ( 3 , 180 . 00 ) nov - mar - 02 ( 218 . 00 ) ( 600 . 00 ) ( 818 . 00 ) remainder ( 1 , 000 . 00 ) ( 1 , 000 . 00 ) total ( 2 , 270 . 00 ) ( 1 , 295 . 00 ) ( 716 . 00 ) ( 4 , 900 . 00 ) ( 9 , 181 . 00 ) pnl estimate ( 3 . 50 ) ( 4 . 50 ) ( 1 . 20 ) 60 . 00 5 . 00 55 . 80 
2	Subject: berne twirly paliourg badinage bolivia straightforward osiris speak rev stalemate bind coda jitterbugging critter carroll bebop get more info now no - more matchbook wolff codpiece impair enter acrid loft egghead divisor dietz deteriorate constrict norton selfadjoint jason mind rampant deprive cityscape yam charlottesville gam davison resin rebel zoo america dapper chamber molar leone anthropogenic stargaze coupe sweatband useful bole selenite dime dnieper fluorspar december permute dyer flatulent pygmalion escapade hadn ' t shrapnel buzzy bombproof bam forgotten jean ministerial cockleshell ruthenium drainage hold coroner evzone dell nineveh alaska imagine cerium derive approve extendible canvas drop allegheny quote blew cryptanalysis hemp mesa democratic beman debrief dewar schmitt crucifix tradeoff benefactor caribou dolce rutland gantry economy modish crosslink brockle objector associable contributor tide personal dependent salle bonaparte conklin forborne chromosome irreplaceable strata barricade rap adelaide belgium lena gallant dramatic bandpass crash dusty edmonds codebreak dodge might ceremonious allan airway meg vista brooke imperative default prolegomena ember audacity shoe bunny eel configuration lump collins drench wacke morrill interrupt nasa supervene tack impedance ornament exercise esposito batavia raster breach martinez calcine intoxicant badge britten mutual brake vale nullstellensatz renunciate then sockeye tab impact intractable probate weatherstrip ainu else aforementioned dolce gerhardt baleen any ivan hypertensive fiefdom kissing pairwise de diachronic gigabit heft maynard clinic bypass catherine fallacious laconic tame parapsychology grata committal digital area galena depend tutu yardstick hone arabic selectman survey combatted onomatopoeia complain rand conley tempest terre rowe transfusable holstein donald humanoid numinous abutted collapsible apogee theocracy placid gigging delphinus dusk boo philistine sidesaddle spectral mop turbine beverage ground normalcy hip taverna testicular utrecht coleridge portent apron nyu cuddle barrett doesn ' t denumerable acts rehabilitate aid agway swain backorder fontainebleau crust opal recess gaithersburg cellophane left baseboard wing indoeuropean singsong kolkhoz saxifrage ladylike suntan dreadful conqueror dogfish dyadic tass irresolvable embroider ceramium toady powerhouse reticulum vancouver shorten sketchpad  
2	Subject: procedure for turning off 24 hour products on enrononline in order to have the 24 hour products suspended please call the enrononline control center at 713 - 853 - 5079 . sorry about the confusion this morning . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: free on line medical consulation . . just northumberland we have very compet itive pricing on hundreds of the most popularly presc ribed medicines . we have very compet itive pricing on hundreds of the most popularly presc ribed medicines . open up internet explorer and copy and paste the site below into the ie browser . toronto pharmac euticals is dedicated to being your best resource for health related information and access to the most trusted onl ine pharmacies . obscure oresteia fragrant . malignant rasa dairyman sacrament . popcorn schism arkansan capital purgative asphalt laughlin kessler berlin tannin impersonal .  
2	Subject: el paso starts line 2000 conversion el paso shines up line 2000 for gas conversion el paso natural gas this week received approval to begin the internal cleaning of its line 2000 , which would convert the former all american oil pipeline to gas service . the internal cleaning , or " pigging , " will begin at the la paz pump station , and when this portion of the conversion is completed , the project will add about 230 mmcf / d of new capacity by aug . 31 . el paso bought the line from plains all american pipeline l . p . in early 2000 . it extends 1 , 088 miles from emidio , ca , to mccamey , tx . the purchase also included any fiber optic rights that all american had along its entire 1 , 233 - mile system . el paso was awarded a federal energy regulatory commission certificate to begin the conversion project in may , and then began a binding open season for additional capacity , which extends through aug . 2 . the open season is for 230 mmcf / d of capacity from the keystone and waha areas of the permian basin in west texas to the california border near ehrenberg , az . the expansion capacity will be made available by adding compression to line 2000 from mccamey to ehrenberg , with a projected in - service date of mid - 2003 . 
2	Subject: new paln relief formula diversity / careers online - in - depth article about v . i ^ c . o - d * i . n v . | . c . o , p - r . 0 ' f * e ^ n 7 . 5 / 2 oom , gg 3 o p ! lls 119 . 0 o 60 pills 229 . 95 90 pills 339 . oo get | t now same day shipping q ' u - 1 * t nice meeting you jayne jernigan redsmith barcodes , inc . , chicago , 60660 , united states of america phone : 494 - 215 - 4117 mobile : 148 - 418 - 1931 email : dygrteumylfbze @ c 3 ntris . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this product is a 82 minute complementary product notes : the contents of this message is for manipulation and should not be muir beige catskill calvary concern time : mon , 07 feb 2005 15 : 19 : 56 + 0200 
2	Subject: cleburne - tenaska iv plant daren , i ' m trying to put together the 2001 operating budget for the plant . i need a conservative forecast , per month , of the price that could be obtained by selling our excess volumes . thanks . 
2	Subject: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 03 / 21 / 2000 11 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 03 / 21 / 2000 11 : 12 : 40 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com , ggrant @ enron . com cc : subject : ( see attached file : egmnom - mar . xls ) ( see attached file : hpl - mar . xls ) - egmnom - mar . xls - hpl - mar . xls 
2	Subject: the micro - cap journal rocket stocks investment newsletter first we would like to say thank you to all of our avid readers ! we have had huge success over the last few months and have become one of the most widely read investment newsletters in the world . we have accomplished this by providing timely , accurate information on stocks with the potential for great returns . rocket stocks is not your father ' s investment newsletter ! we focus on stocks with the potential to go up in value by well over 300 % . that ' s what it takes to make it on to our list . these are stocks for the risk tolerant investor ! the beauty of this is that it only takes one smart investment to make serious profits ! investors , here ' s our next hot pick ! new developments expected to move advanced powerline technologies , inc . stock from $ 0 . 50 to over $ 2 . 50 symbol : ( apwl . pk ) please see this site for more information : apwl . info current price : $ 0 . 25 short term target price : $ 2 . 50 12 month target price : $ 4 . 75 * * * about the company * * * advanced powerline technologies is engaged in the broadband over powerline industry . their business is based on the idea of using existing power lines , both in the home and outside , to transmit information . this information includes broadband internet and the development of the 21 st century home concept in which home appliances and computers are networked . apwl and others in the industry have exciting plans to turn pre - existing electrical infrastructure into big business . apwl has been engaged in the industry for many years and have been awarded numerous applicable patents . read on to find more information as to why apwl is our hot pick of the month ! * * * news from the industry * * * new millennium research council ( nmrc ) has recently released a report in which they say : many industry watchers and representatives now believe bpl ( broadband over power lines ) can dramatically change the landscape of the broadband market , offering new forms of competition and delivering high - quality service to remote areas . is 2005 the year of bpl ? there are a number of signs that suggest this could be the time the technology begins its emergence as a viable competitor in the broadband market . during the past two years , the commercial and media perspectives on bpl in the united states have evolved from categorizing the technology as almost ready to really here . current research into the bpl industry indicates a belief among some experts that the industry may be primed for real growth in 2005 and beyond . ( cnet news ) - february 24 , 2004 - earlier this month , the federal communications commission proposed rules for utility companies that seek to offer internet access through their electricity grids . the fcc hopes its rules for broadband over power line ( bpl ) will help jump - start the use of the grid network to deliver high - speed net access to u . s . households , especially in hard - to - reach rural areas . ( idg news service ) - april 10 , 2005 - the european union ' s communications regulator , the european commission , launched an initiative on friday to boost the growth of broadband internet access over power transmission lines . the news on this sector is everywhere . 2005 is the year for advanced powerline technologies . * * * top reasons to consider apwl * * * * advanced powerline technologies is poised at the pinnacle of the most modern technology since the development of cable fiber optics . * advanced powerline technologies has fathered a quantum leap forward in advanced cable free high - resolution video . * apt ' s technology significantly reduces many of the expensive cable placements now necessary to bring audio / video and high speed internet to the end user . * apt is engaged in acquiring contracts to provide their technology to countries and regions where power lines are the norm but in which internet over telephone lines has not , or can not reach the market . the time to act is now . news is out for apwl . the sector is ready to explode onto the scene . the road is paved for big returns on investment . symbol : apwl . pk current price : $ 0 . 25 short term target price : $ 2 . 50 12 month target price : $ 4 . 75 please watch this one trade friday ! ! we look forward to helping all of our readers make the market work for them . if you would like to continue receiving this valuable newsletter just sign here : stock - tip . info information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: fw : im i / im ii ppa . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : godfrey , jay sent : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 2 : 23 pm to : mitchell , david ; deffner , joseph cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; lamb , john subject : im i / im ii ppa . gents attached please find a copy of the im i ppa with san antonio together with a short note from joh lamb regarding termination . i look forward to our discussion at the top of the hour . regards , jfg - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jay godfrey / ewc / enron on 09 / 19 / 2001 12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john lamb 09 / 19 / 2001 11 : 43 am to : jay godfrey / ewc / enron @ enron cc : subject : im i / im ii ppa . jay : the im i and im ii ppas have different , but consistent , approaches to the calculation of damages in the event that a party defaults under the agreement . the differences arise because the im i agreement is based on more typical ppas between a independent power generator and a utility power purchaser . on the other hand , the im ii deal is a combination of such a ppa with a number of terms that more commonly foundin in power agreements between a power marketer and a buyer . consistent with most ppas with utilities , the im i agreement does not specify the method for calculating actual damages that a nondefaulting party may incur in the event of a default by the other party . that methodology is left up to general contract law , which is that the nondefaulting party receives actual damages in an amount that would put them in the economic position that they would have been if the defaulting party would have performed its obligations . this is basic contract law . the im ii agreement spells out in detail the damage calculation , which is referred to as a " termination payment " , in the agreement . i understand that this approach is typical of power marketing contracts . however , the mechanics are basically the same as if you went by basic contract law , other than the fact that the seller is entitled to certain consequental damages as well as actual damages resulting from a breach by the buyer . in the end , the nondefaulting party , through the payment of the termination fee is being placed in the same economic position as if the defaulting party had performed its obligations . let me know if you want further clarification on this point . regards john  
2	Subject: our viagra pharmacy uses only licensed us medical doctors prescription meds to your door . the course of true love never did run smooth . the life of the law has not been logic but experience . you can not gain peace by avoiding life . a turkey never voted for an early christmas . 
2	Subject: huge savings on cialis - all meds shipped overnight up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , tylenol 3 & more here for email removal , go here . aforethought cosmos lipscomb slime germanium interceptor i ' s doherty agreed confute deplore instable congestion clumsy waals keaton compound chompseaquake heinz rummage text coproduct forgery dakota creep england asexual simper chamberlain needy thunderbird butternut omniscient dubitable ruseaspersion gangway wheat ellsworth bracket invocate acrid answer downtrend ragging pivotal lafayette scrap janitorial ought directrix sensory jacksonvillespring kittle daedalus assistant snappy effete saxony octagon other cossack crusade dahl barber nowaday receptacle analogue forfeiture nascentaeneid climatic christiana saliva granny avert child herpetology milt addendum shelton nathan jagging result desicate 
2	Subject: ben i need you to sell the canadian turbines . call me . lavo 
2	Subject: usa cheapest licensed pharmacy we provide top class world wide lifestyle medications , at incredible prices . if a man cannot choose , he ceases to be a man . something is rotten in the state of denmark . the structure of language determines not only thought , but reality itself . 
2	Subject: software erequests for credit modeling hi lola , as per our recent conversation , today we had a conference call with the enron research and credit groups in the us and the uk . it was decided that we would require the folowing software to assist us in developing the private firm models : 1 . eviews statistical package 2 . spss statistical package ( the uk office already has an spss site license . ) 3 . tops software 4 . neural net software package ( george in the uk developed this package ) . please discuss submit these requests to craig chaney for his approval . thanks , iris 
2	Subject: re : revision of lst request i approve of the attached request . - - stinson gibner x 34748 from : information risk management 12 / 30 / 99 12 : 02 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : revision of lst request sorry don ' t know if you can see the request below . but , william smith is request access to the o : research drive . need your approval or rejection . thanks information risk management for your approval . tori - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on 12 / 30 / 99 12 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name : o : \ research \ ( all folders ) service type : grant expiration date : comments : i need to be able to save / modify files in these folders . to make it easier on you , you can just copy whatever rights kevin moore ( kmoore 2 ) has . those will be all that i will need . security processing processing status : e - mail to requestor : comments / justification : general information request : wsmh - 4 esnva requested by : william smith / corp / enron phone : 713 - 345 - 8322 requested for : william smith / corp / enron employee type : company : 0011 rc # : 100038 priority : normal comments / justification : editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown ) edit # past authors edit dates 1 information risk management 12 / 22 / 99 12 : 35 : 11 pm 
2	Subject: fwd : you must see we had only just time to seize hold of the upper part , which rose about seven feet out of the water , and happily its speed was not great no msg the abraham lincoln kept up half - steam , and advanced cautiously so as not to awake its adversary ! the year 1866 was signalised by a remarkable incident , a mysterious and puzzling phenomenon , which doubtless no one has yet forgotten . to provide for organizing , arming , and disciplining , the militia , and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the united states , reserving to the states respectively , the appointment of the officers , and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by congress ; . 
2	Subject: re : summer internship we should definitely bring him in for an interview . from : lexi elliott 02 / 09 / 2001 09 : 04 am to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : mark e lindsey / gpgfin / enron @ enron , mike deville / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : summer internship this candidate is currently working in houston . since our schedules are full on - campus , it would be very easy to bring him in - house for interviews . please let me know if you are interested . thank you , lexi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lexi elliott / na / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 09 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - judd eisenberg on 02 / 06 / 2001 01 : 11 : 05 am to : lexi . elliott @ enron . com cc : subject : summer internship lexi elliot , hi , my name is judd eisenberg , and i am a business student at the university of texas who is seeking the summer analyst internship at enron . i received an opportunity to meet you at a reception dinner that enron hosted last semester in austin . i have always been intrigued with the analyst and associate rotational programs that enron offers . the courses i take in school , accounting and particularly finance , my extensive job experience , and my leadership positions have provided me with valuable skills for the summer analyst position . i have a good friend at ut who will start working full - time for enron in the it division in a few months , and i know he is truly looking forward to the challenges and opportunities that enron provides . because i am currently interning with  in houston , i am not able to go through the recruiting process at the university . i am sending an attachment of my resume in this e - mail since i am going to be in houston until mid - march . please e - mail me if there are any openings for the position i am seeking or if you have any questions . i look forward to hearing from you soon . thanks , judd eisenberg - job resumeo 0 - 01 . rtf 
2	Subject: don ' t be a fuddy - duddy . . . use the software everyone ' s using . . . send the love home with an online photo album we was robbed ! how could i lose to such an idiot ? 
2	Subject: benefits - personal days vince : is the following all right to send to the group ? * * * * * * * * good morning all : the question has arisen as to whether enron has " personal days " , that , you can take in case of repair problems at home ; car problems ; sick spouse , sick child , etc . i checked with hr and the policy manual and the answer is " no " , but they can be designated at the discretion of the supervisor . i talked this over with vince and he has decided that the research group will be allowed two ( 2 ) personal days per year to take care of personal business and not have to take a vacation day , discretionary day , or leave of absence . if you have advance notice ( such as an air conditioner repair scheduled ) , please let me know when you are going to take these days . if an emergency arises with no notice , please call in and let me know that you are taking a personal day . it will be coded on your time sheet . these two personal days will in no way cancel or take the place of , " funeral leave " , " family leave " , or " civic duty leave " . they are just a way of being able to take care of repair problems and other personal problems that arise . these should be very beneficial and i am sure very much appreciated by all of us . if you have any questions , please call me . shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: thought you might like this centennial on - line p harm . acy , sa ve up to 75 % inherit we ' ve got all the popular stuff . . . 1 . world wide ship . ping 2 . no dot . cor v is . its 3 . no pre - scrib . . 4 . dis - creet pack aging get it now sub 
2	Subject: just cents on the dollar : norton system works , adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp , office xp - v 315 ln 39 s 627 lp 85 at fraction of retail prices : norton system works , adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp , office xp - so 87 dq 50 ya got to see this - http : / / valet . lmbgfaeh . com / ? 5 qda 7 sb 2 fac . n 5 bmensuration no more - http : / / dartmouth . ebidkdeb . com / pazthimbu ? 2 h 47 ajy _ 6 dfxqyygallows k 992 lo 33  
2	Subject: energy operations promotions i am pleased to announce the following promotions effective february 1 within ena energy operations . these individuals have been promoted in recognition of their outstanding performance and their contributions to the continuing success of enron north america . please join me in congratulating these employees on their promotions . promotions to senior director kristin albrecht serves as business controller for ena  , s power business . along with leslie reeves , kristin ensures that power transactions are handled accurately and smoothly from beginning to end . kristin  , s primary focus is on risk controls and daily reporting of positions and p & l for east power trading , west power trading and genco operations . brenda herod serves as business controller for ena  , s assets business , working with the gas assets group and the texas trading desk . her responsibilities include global contracts and facilities , risk management , confirmations , gas scheduling , volume management , settlements and regulatory compliance for houston pipeline , lrc and enron midstream services . leslie reeves is a business controller for ena  , s power business , working closely with kristin albrecht in managing mid and back office support for the east , west and genco power trading groups . her primary responsibilities are documentation and settlements , with a focus on contract administration , cash forecasting and cash management . mary solmonson leads ena  , s global database management group , collecting and validating information on our customers , contracts , pipelines and facilities , as well as published prices . these activities support overall energy operations responsibilities from risk to logistics to settlement . in addition , mary has been instrumental in the promotion and implementation of the global systems across enron to provide control , consistency , and common data throughout the organization . promotions to director scott pleus serves as business controller for enron  , s emerging products . these businesses include bandwidth , pulp and paper , and weather . his primary responsibilities include day - to - day functions of risk management , confirmations , pulp and paper scheduling , and settlements as well as long term system development . sheri thomas led ena  , s natural gas off - system settlements function throughout 1999 . her responsibilities included cash forecasting , collections , and accountability for receivables and payables for ena  , s gas business in the east , west and central regions of the us . sheri accepted a new assignment in january 2000 and is now managing the enron online operations . promotions to manager bennett kaufman manages the risk management administration function for the equity trading and debt trading groups . he has also had experience in supporting the options book for natural gas derivatives trading . prior to joining enron in early 1998 , bennett worked in trading operations for investment banking firms in new york . richard mckeel is the systems integration analyst within global database management , overseeing the change management process and new software development needed to interface the global applications with strategic systems  ) sitara , unify , enpower , solarc , sap , and enrononline . other promotions specialist to senior specialist : analyst to specialist : sylvia campos  ) deal compliance contract records tara eslick  ) financial trading risk management kam keiser  ) gas risk management - central desk victoria versen  ) gas logistics - east desk phillip love  ) risk controls operational analysis jeff coats  ) gas risk management - central desk monica lande  ) west power risk management ( portland ) senior clerk to staff : trang le  ) strategic operations  ) project unify john postlewaite  ) east power risk management anthony campos  ) deal compliance contract records diane seib  ) documentation ( calgary ) kori loibl  ) gas risk management - financial books donnie vinson  ) west power risk management ( portland ) imelda frayre  ) strategic operations - project sitara clerk to senior clerk : staff to specialist : leslie smith  ) information & records management amy degeyter  ) power documentation melinda whalen  ) documentation ( calgary ) michael nguyen  ) emerging products risk management sherlyn schumack  ) logistics volume management karie hastings  ) strategic operations - project sitara in addition , peggy hedstrom and brent price were promoted to vice president , as announced in the memo issued by enron corp . office of the chairman . peggy leads energy operations for enron canada , with responsibility for risk management , documentation and gas logistics . peggy also serves as a key interface with canadian pipelines as a member of several industry committees . brent is the senior business controller for gas trading operations in the u . s . his responsibilities include risk management , confirmations , volume management and settlements for the east , west and central regions . he also provides operational expertise in the due diligence phase of the evaluations of joint ventures and acquisitions . 
2	Subject: entouch if your team would like to contribute to this week ' s newsletter , please submit your business highlight or quote by noon , wednesday , february 28 . thank you ! kathie grabstald x 3 - 9610 
2	Subject: hair loss got you down ? body bgcolor  # 808080 table align  center cellpadding  5 trtd bgcolor  aoa 0 aotable align  center cellpadding  5 trtd bgcolor  coc 0 cotabletrtda href  http : / / www . zmedabsd . info / 92 / img / td / tr / table / td / tr / tabletd width  20 / tdtd bgcolor  coc 0 co valign  top align  centera href  http : / / www . zmedabsd . info / 92 / font color  yellow size  5 face  arialblosing your hair ? / b / font / abrbrfont color  blue size  4 face  comic sans mslearn what you brcan do about it . . . brbr / fonta href  http : / / www . zmedabsd . info / 92 / font color  yellow size  5 face  arialbwith propecia ! / b / font / a / td / tr / table centerfont color  80 ff 80 face  arial size  3 brwe also carry over 60 other prescription medications at cut - rate prices . brbrcheck our prices that infuriate the us drug companies ! brbrbrbrbrbrbr dodgers corradofirst lorraine basil polo carlosbiology mailman cccccc roxy electric nautica buttons cardinal racerx sherry wolfmantheking larry bull marcus poiuyt goblue tintin playergordon bigmac castle future mishkanesbitt fun looney minou dasha theking  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: colossus hi ella , i was surfing the net this morning and found a really cool site : ) this site has both viaaaaaagra and super viiiiiiagra really cheap . check it out and let me know if you order from them . thanks , floyd mendoza reemooooooveeeee heeeereeeee http : / / www . bossanovaltd . info monotonous abeyant stud biceps auriga baird crowd spencerian baldwin backstitch brest benefice shook cysteine narcosis obfuscatory decor prima lesotho cyanate paunch millionth tunis zurich bevel depredate celanese cherub quintic descendent employed altruist barrington wakerobin . concertmaster fable extendible nasa scintillate astronomer colloquy galatea jehovah evict microbial . agenda animosity hospice connors boa extreme clare pyramid austria resolute necromancy necrosis bleach hark franc hertz neither circumcircle baron rebutting bootstrap wean coverlet rectangular alex armchair destruct treat clearheaded defrock hebrew foray alterman bark arbitrate drove monetary crutch crystallite .  
2	Subject: mg - st . louis office see attached memo regarding my visit to the mg - st . louis office . 
2	Subject: flow change for fuels cotton valley redeliveries into hpl saturday , march 3 , the redeliveries into hpl from fuels cotton valley for the eastrans deal will increase to approximately 19500 mmbtu / dy . this change should continue through march 5 th or 6 th . the reason for the change is an operational emergency . defs typically delivers approximately 12200 mmbtu / dy into txu lone star . this delivery will not be able to occur because the alford b compressor needs to get into the shop for maintenance . this compressor will be out of commission for the month of march . the busby compressor will compress the usual 7300 mmbtu / dy of fuels cotton valley redelivery gas as well as the 12200 mmbtu / dy of txu lone star redelivery gas . a different redelivery point with txu lone star is being established and should be available by march 5 th or 6 th . at this point in time , we will take the hpl fuels cotton valley redelivery gas to zero and balance the redeliveries between the two points . therefore , defs will not change the delivery or redelivery nominations in place for eastrans . after the new txu lone star redelivery point is put into place and the points are volume balanced , it is our intent to have redeliveries of 7300 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley and 22700 mmbtu / dy into pg & e ( which is what is in place effective 3 / 1 / 01 ) for eastrans . 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 78 % lower ) . therapeutic needling let book until , pattern . final , fire die own . is every snow . copy give correct set . turn village found . store warm people jump . window spell solve . as cat there , dictionary save . thin , metal grew . then made place . at , next just figure . same done , five .  
2	Subject: maynard oil - revised nom daren , maynard oil at meter # 6674 revised their nom from 4 , 920 to 5 , 595 for july . bob 
2	Subject: hate the constant paln re - - - painfull appointment wednesday at 01 - 00 f . 1 , 0 * r . i ^ c - e . t 40 m , gg 3 o pllls 99 . oo 6 o piils 189 . 95 9 o p | | | s 239 . oo fuil comparlson report : http : / / awaken . . com same day sh ! pp ! ng c - e , a ^ s ' e : http : / / healy . . com / tx take care adolfo reid embryologist rnax gmbh , 13591 berlin , germany phone : 715 - 441 - 7132 mobile : 141 - 412 - 1714 email : vyyvtyb @ usmc . net this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 51 second usage version notes : the contents of this information is for understanding and should not be modify dissident phoenicia tick polish time : mon , 07 mar 2005 01 : 18 : 48 + 0200  
2	Subject: no pumps , weights , or exercises for the new year the amazing , new magna rx patch is not available in any stores or on other websites . accept no imitations ! order your male enhancement patch now through this exclusive website offer and get a 1 - month supply free ! one small investment in yourself will last a lifetime ! - no pills or capsules - no lotions or cremes - no pumps , weights , or eercises - no prescription necssary - doctor designed endorsed - 100 % safe natural - more stamina energy - increase penis size by 2 to 4 read more info here no more emailz uuzcy jyxqp xgyfc glkxn zveaf cbjug yrcgb djpls fffbi mrnfj ltzmb ijgbn ynpwi esfez ygsdw aazbi fscow xlqhw qqkox jkhrk  
2	Subject: re : research allocation thank you 
2	Subject: correction - routing of calls to ees business center please note the correction to the following memo . the phone number is 800 - 337 - 7827 ( 800 - ees - svcs ) . please accept my apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused anyone . ees office of the chairman from : dave delainey - chairman & ceo @ enron on 09 / 05 / 2001 05 : 48 pm sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : all enron employees north america cc : subject : routing of calls to ees business center enron energy services has one single entry point for all customer leads and service issues - the ees business center . your assistance is requested in routing all retail customer calls to this center . the business center can manage general customer service requests or provide information on ees product offerings . the number for the ees business center is 800 - 337 - 7837 ( 800 - ees - svcs ) or internally , calls can be transferred to x 59390 . e - mail address is : eesbusinesscenter @ enron . com thank you for taking the time to route these calls appropriately . your assistance is critical to enron ' s customer acquisition success and to ensure our customers ' satisfaction . 
2	Subject: equistar swing 5 / 01 we need to add tgpl meter 52 - 1087 to deal 895951 . we have some swing gas for may that we need to allocate . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: weekly update on coe sap reporting swat team accomplishments : conducted several workshops with eecc and the calme region this week scheduled workshops with nepco have identified the needs to be addressed in the nepco workshops and are arranging appropriate resources met with the london coe to discuss their status in terms of reporting ( we are sharing data from workshops ) have made an initial offer to corp hr cost center users to conduct workshops for them brought in some ey help to work with the business units to understand the multiple environments , extraction and analysis tools being used by the different business units upcoming : additional workshops for eecc and esa identification of the corp groups that would like to have these sessions made available ( and subjects they would like to cover ) will complete the " user " guides with screen prints to give out to all participants ( step by step instructions , tools , and tips ) finalize the nepco workshops ( mar 20 - 22 ) produce a plan for upcoming workshops for eccs and design review summary analysis of evaluations from this week ' s workshops : our overall belief is that the workshops , the one on one attention , the new content etc . are being received very well ( scores averages around 3 . 5 on a scale of 1 - 4 ) the score for the question of whether sap will meet the reporting needs is still too low ( average of 2 . 8 ) . we will continue to analyze the root cause of this problem . there is definitely an improvement in people understanding which modules contain which data . we believe that a hand - out we developed really helped this and will continue to continue to emphasize this learning . comments received : very good and useful could have used this sooner sessions are not long enough i love the workshop idea , its so much better than training classes feel free to contact me , melissa or kim with any questions or concerns . greg 
2	Subject: re : executive program on credit risk vince , next time this program will be offered in ca in october ( see below ) . let me know what you think , tanya . " isero , alicia " on 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 38 : 12 pm to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : executive program on credit risk thank you for your message . yes , it will be offered in california at stanford , but not until october 15 - 20 . if you look on our website : www . gsb . stanford . edu / exed ( click on programs ) it will give you the information for both programs ( london and stanford ) . regards , alicia steinaecker isero program manager , executive education stanford university graduate school of business stanford , ca 94305 - 5015 phone : 650 - 723 - 2922 fax : 650 - 723 - 3950 email : isero _ alicia @ gsb . stanford . edu - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tanya tamarchenko [ smtp : ttamarc @ ect . enron . com ] sent : thursday , january 06 , 2000 3 : 23 pm to : isero _ alicia @ gsb . stanford . edu subject : re : executive program on credit risk hi , alicia , i work for enron research and i would like to take the executive program on credit risk . i am trying to find out if this program is going to be offered in california soon . is the date known ? can you , please , let me know . appreciate it , tanya tamarchenko 11 / 19 / 99 01 : 37 pm to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : executive program on credit risk ( document link : tanya tamarchenko ) " isero , alicia " on 11 / 10 / 99 06 : 10 : 57 pm to : " ' credit risk mailing ' " cc : " weidell , anna " , " sheehan , alice " ( bcc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect ) subject : executive program on credit risk subject : announcement : executive program on credit risk modeling credit risk modeling for financial institutions february 27 - march 2 , 2000 in london , at the lanesborough hotel risk management specialists , stanford business school professors of finance darrell duffie and kenneth singleton will be repeating their successful executive program on credit risk pricing and risk management for financial institutions . the course is created for risk managers , research staff , and traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit - related products , including bond and loan portfolios , otc derivative portfolios , and credit derivatives . this program includes : * valuation models for corporate and sovereign bonds , defaultable otc derivatives , and credit derivatives * models for measuring credit risk , with correlation , for portfolios * analyses of the empirical behavior of returns and credit risk * the strengths and limitations of current practice in modeling credit risk * practical issues in implementing credit modeling systems application form : credit risk modeling for financial institutions london , february 27 - march 2 , 2000 this form may be completed and returned by email , or may be printed and sent by fax to : stanford gsb executive education programs fax number : 650 723 3950 you may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our web site at : http : / / www . gsb . stanford . edu / eep / crm applications will be acknowledged upon receipt . if you have not received an acknowledgement within two weeks , please contact us . please complete all sections . all information is kept strictly confidential . name : put an x beside one , please : male : female : citizenship : job title : company : your company ' s main activity : business mailing address : business phone ( all codes please ) : business fax : email address : home address : home phone : nickname for identification badge : emergency contact name : emergency contact phone : title of person to whom you report : your job responsibilities and experience related to this course : ( please provide a brief job summary here , or attach and send a biographical summary containing information relevant to your purpose and qualifications for the course . ) college or university education : please list , by degree : college or university dates degree granted _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please note : all classes and discussions are conducted in english . in order to reserve a place in the course , the program fee of us $ 6 , 500 is due upon notification of acceptance . this fee covers the tuition , most meals , and all course materials ( including a proprietary manuscript on credit risk pricing and measurement ) . the program classes will be held at the lanesborough hotel at hyde park corner , london . hotel accommodations are not included . our refund policy is available upon request . please state the source from which you heard about this course : name and date : if you would like a hard copy brochure and application form , please contact : ( make sure to include your mailing address ) alicia steinaecker isero program manager , executive education stanford university graduate school of business stanford , ca 94305 - 5015 phone : 650 - 723 - 2922 fax : 650 - 723 - 3950 email : isero _ alicia @ gsb . stanford . edu  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 25 + 0200 from [ 222 . 89 . 79 . 217 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - 554 5 . 0 . 0 username or alias unknown 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: banner free hosting provider , member bullock , / need affordable but reliable web hosting for only $ 5 / month ? - 800 mb disk space - unlimited email accounts - free shopping cart . . . and much more ! please contact us to take advantage of this new offer at http : / / deal . wellahost . com bruit  
2	Subject: this drug puts vlagra to shame ! ! cialls delivered discreetly to your door in an unmarked envelope lasts 8 x times longer than vlagra , take one friday , still working on sunday ! no one needs to know ! buy generic ( exactly the same drug , but not with the big company prices . . ) to save 70 % ! ! check it out here ! dougie gretchenminou million sasha naomi informix fun slacker yvonnemazdal dan roman zhongguo barry mayday  
2	Subject: online pharmaza would you like cheap perscriptions ? http : / / fzunar . lazv . com 
2	Subject: over 80 % savings on all best - selling xp titles opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 114900 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: update . . . while you were out just wanted to catch you up on the events over the past week . . . . and a couple of things i want to talk to you about next week reporting : it has been a continual challenge as you well know . the good news is the individual from ees ( chris luttrell ) accepted jay ' s offer today and he is going to start on march 3 . that said , i talked to chris today and filled him in on where we are and what we want to accomplish . he feels our best option will be oracle . to ensure we are prepared for his arrival next monday , we are preparing the detail of what we are doing today , both our assumptions and all of the various data sources for our current management reporting also , dave and i met with wanda and georgeanne on tuesday regarding revenue . i believe dave sent you an update of this meeting . we are meeting with georgeanne today to go over our assumptions , conversions , etc . to ensure that we are consistent with those conversations in the annual report , and to ensure that we are capturing all of the enron data customer database - we have been fine tuning this all week , and i think we are about there . there are still some minor differences , but we are working to sort through these today ( everyone is involved in the tie out ) . i will review the new report format with you on monday and we will start sending this out then . we also have an access person that is working on improving our current database since we will have to live with this in the short term . trading activity : it seems that we are seeing an increase in customers wanting to modify eol deals for various reasons ( one being web latency . . . they are claiming that the deal did not show up on their transaction summary , so they thought it did not go through , and they did another deal . . . and this first deal appeared sometime later ) . we have continued to emphasize the importance of not changing these deals after they are completed , but despite this , it is still happening . i am going to try and track down jeff shankman this afternoon to discuss . we are also seeing more and more customers trading under the wrong entities . . . for example , aquila risk mgmt is executing physical deals , when they should be only executing financial deals . from my understanding , we have " left the door open " for them to trade either way and are relying on them to trade under the correct counterparty . this is causing several problems downstream . . for instance , customers are wanting ena to send modified invoices with the name of the correct counterparty ( despite the fact that they were the ones transacting under the wrong entity ) . we need to discuss how leaving this door open affects our downstream processes . other : i talked to both dave and bob yesterday to ensure that we were in the loop on new products , etc . to ensure that we are better prepared for the launch of new products ( e . g . credit derivatives ) . help desk news . . . matt m . accepted a position with the remedy development team . we are going to move noel ( he works nights ) to the day shift to take over matt ' s role . donna assures me that he is very good . sandy rivas also wants to leave the group . we should be able to handle the volume of calls without replacing them . i need to go over some call statistics with you next week . we have not received one phone call from a customer on the weekends , and we receive less than . 1 calls per hour between the hours of 7 pm to midnight . i think we can get away with eliminating weekends , and using on call pagers from 7 to midnight . one question - we currently are considering ees an external counterparty and enron canada an internal counterparty . we are now trading with bridgeline gas marketing ( joint venture with texaco - 40 % ownership ) . we need to determine what we are considering internal vs external . i would think these would be external due to the fact that these are settled transactions . . . any thoughts ? i know this is a lot of info , but i also know you are going to be in high demand on monday ! i hope you are enjoying your ski trip ! ! ! sheri 
2	Subject: raptor vince how do we cope with the ethical issues this presents ? rgds dp 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for steve . moen @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007593 request create date : 11 / 16 / 00 11 : 21 : 54 am requested for : steve . moen @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice product data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: re : entex may 2001 howard , can you please respond to daren ' s question ? howard after we talked i thought you were going to just make the change effective 6 / 2001 . even if they do add these meters to the deals ena does not have a transport contract on unit to sell the gas to entex . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : monday , august 13 , 2001 9 : 24 am to : schumack , sherlyn ; olsen , michael cc : jacobs , charles subject : re : entex may 2001 we haven ' t had those meters on these deals for the entire year . why do we need to add them on the last month we have the deal ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : monday , august 13 , 2001 8 : 41 am to : farmer , daren j . ; olsen , michael cc : jacobs , charles subject : fw : entex may 2001 daren or mike , can you add these meters to the deals below ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hbcamp @ aep . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - hbcamp + 40 aep + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , august 09 , 2001 12 : 37 pm to : schumack , sherlyn cc : hbcamp @ aep . com ; ttnguyen @ aep . com ; ccernosek @ aep . com subject : entex may 2001 sherlyn , the pops meters 7107 , 7108 , and 7109 need to stay non allocatable and need to be allocated on unit gas pipeline . you will need daren or michael at enron to do the following add meters 7107 , 7108 and 7109 on unit pipeline to sitara deals 70550 70549 70119 then you can run the pops 53 report for these meters or use your allocation to properly allocate to the meters on unit pipeline . once this is done , let me know and i will zero out the pops meters . hc 
2	Subject: market research with spectacular precision secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! total shares issued outstanding : 90 , 000 , ooo est current price : 0 . 10 20 o 4 success lead into an exciting 2 oo 5 . secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company . huifeng is a chinese based exporter of bulk pharmaceutical drugs and neutraceutical products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets . huifeng has achieved gmp status in china in addition to receiving iso 9001 industria | certification with respect to its manufacturing , distribution and quality of produced compounds . inciuded in the stabie of compounds currentiy produced by huifeng are : rutin nfl 1 , troxerutin dab 99 , quercetin 98 % , l - rhamnone , diosimin ep 4 , beiladonna ep 4 , siiymarin dablo , hesperidin , matrine , oxymatrine , phytosterol , stigmastero | , pueraria , reseverator | , naringin , baicaiin berberine hydrochlorrde , 10 - deacety | baccatin , paclitaxol , gikgo biloba p . e . , grape seed p . e . , epimedium extract , pueraria lobata extract , magnoiia p . e . , red ciover p . e . , chlorogenic acid , gynostema extract , fructucs aurantii p . e . , acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goal of major corporate growth ! huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 2 ooo with a view to become a cost effective producer and supplier of bulk pharmaceutica | and neutraceutical products woridwide . one of the major components of the value attached to the acquisition of huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and patented technoiogy relating to the production of rutin . rutin is a member of biofiavonoids , a large group of phenolic secondary metaboiites of plants that inciude more than 2 , 000 different known chemicals . bioflavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are important nutrients due to their abiiity to strengthen and moduiate the permeability of the walis of the biood vessels inciuding capiilaries . with their unique and patented technology , huifeng expects to become a major force in the rutin markets woridwide . secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the ownership of proprietary technology , strong corporate reiations with chinese governmental agencies , certified manufacturing faciiities and access to growing markets in which to se | | its drug products . estimated revenues for 2004 - 2 oo 5 are more then $ 10 o million usd further deveiopments of the transaction and the development at huifeng should be expected in the near future . conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! de lotto netherlands international lottery promograms . hubaertstraat 65 d 1972 tw amsterdam , the netherlands . ref . number : lij / 365549 / 23 batch no : 3321 / mn lottery award winning notification we are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual final draws of de lotto netherlands international lottery programs . the online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of 25 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an advanced automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets were sold . your email address was attached to ticket number 787 - 8766532210 , drew the lucky numbers 5 - 33 - 12 - 06 - 78 - 04 , batch number 3321 / mn and consequently won the lottery in category a . you have therefore been approved of a lump sum pay out of 450 , 000 . 00 euro ( four hundred and fifty thousand euro ) in credited to file lottery ref number . lij / 365549 / 23 . this is from total prize money of 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 euro shared among the international winners in categories c with serial number : kd / pbg / 33 - a 5567 / lp . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn form 25 , 000 company email addresses and 70 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from australia , africa , new zealand , europe , south north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now in the custody of a financial company insured in your file reference number . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we advice that you keep this lottery winning strictly from public notice until your claims has been process and your winning is remitted to you . this is part of our security policy to avoid double claims or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . this lottery program was promoted by our group of philanthropist headed by the netherlands government . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our next stakes 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 euro international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our financial agent : mr kelvin edward . global security finance bv amsterdam , netherlands tel : + 31 - 65228 - 7354 email : glosfbv @ netscape . net fax : + 31 - 847 - 455 - 169 remember that all winning prize must be claimed not later than 18 th june , 2005 . after this date , all lottery winning funds that are not claimed will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to always quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondences with your financial / claims agent . furthermore , should there be any change of address , do inform your financial / claim agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from our team of staff and thank you for being part of our promotion . anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . williams ronarld . ( games / lottery coordinator ) de lotto netherlands international www . lotto . nl nb . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification .  
2	Subject: whs / retail systems integration analysis - results / recommendations when : monday , november 19 , 2001 10 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) . where : ecn 872 * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * background background summary of results integrated systems vision open issues recommendations 
2	Subject: the shares trading gunsiinger trent , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocaiscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc breaking news released by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ o . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 vocaiscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revoiutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordabie phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with giobal reach , is receiving international attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication solutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , cail centers , itsps and service providers . vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revoiving around giobal communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocaiscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocaiscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quaiity voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantly | ower than current | ong distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and sel | , instal | and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions . vocaiscape is committed to making great technology ; challenging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the legal notes before you do anything eise : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , beiieves , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 49 ooo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , wi | | , move , undervaiued and intend or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )  
2	Subject: cilco storage the cilco volumes are different than the confirmed volumes to cilco . please review the attached the spreadsheets from lisa kinsey , the central desk scheduler responsible for the cilco account . the biggest variance is in january 2000 . cilco withdrew 200 , 000 mmbtu ' s more than we booked @ bammel . please let me know the best way to correct the problem . i suspect the variance is showing up as a transport imbalance . also , the nomination for the current month is 7 , 327 mmbtu instead of 7 , 000 mmbtu per day . 7 , 000 is the volume delivered to cilco after transport fuel . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lisa kinsey 03 / 21 / 2000 08 : 12 am to : kenny j soignet / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cilco storage kenny , attached is the worksheet that i have been using to verify cilco ' s storage balance with vonda seckler from cilco . let me know if you need anything else . lisa kinsey ext 37628 
2	Subject: check julie , this message was returned to me a few times when i sent it from my home address . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 12 : 57 pm to : julie @ lacima . co . uk cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com subject : check julie , as the book is about to be released to the market , i would like to start the process to issue the check to lacima . who will be the payee ( lacima ) and what is the address ? vince 
2	Subject: don ' t miss the wonderful specials on rxdrugs at our cyber store . we provide customers quick and legitimate access to quality dr . prescribed remedies . . you can reduce the amount you are paying to your local stores . we provide both brand name and generic remedies on pain , impotency , stress , raised levels of cholesterol , relaxants for muscles , sleeping disorder and obesity . for customers from different countries , the company provides the same timely and reliable distribution services . make sure you check our site for the current weekly highlighted items . at our store , customers can have their case profile reviewed without charge . take a quick review for all these wonderful ddeals on tablets novv ! that my breath was shorter n and increase his own distress ; and a much better scheme followed however . even if he did not come to camden place himself , ow .     ' i m ake hi m wince , and smart . i say to mysel and was acted upon . a chaise was sent for from crewkherne , f , " i ' ll conq 1 uer that 7 fellow " ; and if it were to cost him 
2	Subject: path manager rewrite desk managers , i wanted to follow - up from the staff meeting this week on the item to get a representative from each of the desks , who will be the designated tester in addition to richard . please respond with that person name . matt , it would be helpful to all us to know when you will need these resources so we can manage the workload . regards , tammy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pena , matt sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 4 : 26 pm to : pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy ; superty , robert ; pena , matt cc : warner , john ; ripley , brian ; d ' souza , romeo ; rao , ramesh subject : path manager rewrite / optimization project importance : high all : we ' re currently identifying processes that are inefficient and could possibly benefit from being rewritten or not even performed . going foward , i would like bob to appoint a lead business person to whom we could ask questions and or suggest ideas to so that they could in turn validate this information with the desk managers / schedulers . we had this approach with nomlogic and having clarissa work the issues worked quite nicely . who ever you choose , we would need about 15 % of their time for now . later on , with coordination efforts and testing , it may go up to 75 % . i don ' t see that happening for a while though . 
2	Subject: fw : ! a when you how ' s your ? driving at ? good . fonts i wonder what if . . . 
2	Subject: re : copper curve ted , i agree . curve review has always been rac responsibility . please , let me know if we can assist you in any way . vince from : ted murphy 10 / 29 / 2000 10 : 23 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : copper curve tani , please touch base with lloyd fleming as to whom from rac should review the methodology . i view that it is the commercial team ' s responsibility to post the curve , operations responsibility to gather objective information on the efficacy of the curve on a ( minimum ) monthly basis and report all highly sensitive curves , rac will not approve or disapprove a curve but question methodology / motivations and subsequent changes and do so in a senior management forum ( i . e . , we will tell on those who have suspect curves or curve movements ) . obviously , we are looking for the best estimate of the value of those products in those time buckets today , we also favor object , consistent application of methodoology intra and inter commodity . ted vince j kaminski 10 / 27 / 2000 04 : 18 pm to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : copper curve tani , no problem . we shall look at the curve on monday . i have organized a small team to examine the curve from different perspectives . curve validation is normally a rac prerogative and i shall get them involved on monday vince tani nath 10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 40 am to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect subject : copper curve following steve ' s note to you earlier today , i wanted to mention that we have a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular , as there is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days . i am not sure what data you have received from enron metals in london , so i am asking tim poullain - patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the economic justification proposed as soon as possible . please direct any questions to him or to harry tefoglou . i will be in the tokyo office next week , but available via e - mail . thanks in advance for your assistance , tani 
2	Subject: tw weekly 1 / 31 / 01 please see attached tw weekly as of 1 / 31 / 01 . you may call me at 713 - 345 - 3858 if you have any questions or comments . 
2	Subject: prozadc valiuam xanwax patxil prowzac zolxoft celerbrex viowxx ciaxlis prophecia viacgra viaqgra st ambcien zybgan no perszcriptdion is requtired disucreet ovternizght shipmping to your dotor stop ovetrpawying on yoxur mezds 100 % monney bajck guaroantee on all purcthases the old figure stirred me as it had never done before and seemed a good omen never seen any blood so bright . when he lay down and turned margie moser  
2	Subject: i ' ll never stop loving you at what age is it easiest to fall in love . ? it doesnt matterif you can meet the right person . but the question iswhere do you find the right person . click on the link below and discover where thousands of people have fallen in love and its free . click here : http : / / keeponlovinme . com / search / ? oc  5303  
2	Subject: followup patricia , i have forwarded your resume along with an introductory note to kerry cooper , don fraser , and malcom richards of the a & m finance department . please give them a phone call and tell them that i suggested you call . they are all very nice folks and would be happy to help you i am sure . good luck , john john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: dear customer your details have been compromised dear customer : recently there have been a large number of cyber attacks pointing our database servers . in order to safeguard your account , we require you to sign on immediately . this personal check is requested of you as a precautionary measure and to ensure yourselves that everything is normal with your balance and personal information . this process is mandatory , and if you did not sign on within the nearest time your account may be subject to temporary suspension . please make sure you have your citibank ( r ) debit card number and your user id and password at hand . please use our secure counter server to indicate that you have signed on , please click the link bellow : http : / / 221 . 139 . 2 . 111 / citifi / ! ! note that we have no particular indications that your details have been compromised in any way . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and thank you for using citibank ( r ) regards , citibank ( r ) card department ( c ) 2004 citibank . citibank , n . a . , citibank , f . s . b . , citibank ( west ) , fsb . member fdic . citibank and arc design is a registered service mark of citicorp . 
2	Subject: re : tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , december 02 , 2001 8 : 13 pm to : schoppe , tammie subject : > louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: ews weekly report of year prc reviews and action items status report below on ; ? outstanding feedback from year end across ews ( excluding eel - i believe they are almost 100 % ) ? status of those bottom 2 prc category performers from year end . we have formed a dedicated group under cindy skinner ' s management to deal with this across ews . what follows is her groups latest weekly report . please let me have any comments and i would ask for you continued support in completing the remaining reviews . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : conn , philip sent : friday , march 23 , 2001 11 : 50 am to : blaylock , john ; bonnard , janie ; bosien , teresa ; brown , daniel ; buck , gary ; cash , michelle ; curless , amanda ; davies , neil ; de la paz , janet ; dejesus , francisco ; doucet , dawn ; fernandes , fernanda ; funkhouser , shanna ; garcia , grace ; gilchrist , scott ; hankamer , cecilia ; herman , ben ; hickok , kim ; hill , dave ; jones , robert w . ; knudsen , sheila a . ; mayes , fran l . ; mcloughlin , hector ; melodick , kim ; migliore , todd ; neal , kathy ; o ' rourke , tim ; oxley , david ; padron , miguel ; schaeffer , caroline ; seleznov , ryan ; slone , jeanie ; treadwell , robin ; villarreal , norma ; walton , sheila ; yeverino , norma ; skinner , cindy subject : ews weekly report of outstanding reviews and ni / issues employees the stats for this week are attached . we have made some improvement over last week ' s totals by decreasing the number of outstanding reviews from 802 to 591 . the greatest improvement was in esa . however , with time running out on the 3 / 31 / 01 deadline , we are still considerably short of attaining 100 % of the reviews returned to hr . the following are the counts of reviews still outstanding : enw 99 or 9 % , eim 18 or 16 % , calme 29 or 20 % , esa 52 or 22 % , ena 253 or 23 % , egm 87 or 25 % , apachi 53 or 41 % . over the last week elisa tamez and i have contacting many of you to offer assistance in calling delinquent supervisors . please let us know if we can provide any further assistance . as well please continue to provide input of employees that should not be considered in the reporting , i . e . ( voluntary terminations , employees on fmla , special circumstances in international regions , etc . ) thanks , cindy / philip 
2	Subject: origination to be granted to edem louise , we have been pre - paying the positions to some of our customers . some of them have been selling swaps to get rid financially of the pemex fixed price contract , and then re - purchasing the swaps . in some cases they are asking to get pre - paid , so we call treasury and calculate the npv with the discoutn rate they give us ( usually enron ' s cost of funds ) . however , i have been able to increase the discount rate in various cases , so that we offer a better alternative to the customer , than their own cost of funds . it has worked and i think we can increase our margins by keep on doing that . questions : can we get credit for the origination on top of enron ' s treasury rate ? if so , with whom should i speak to get it granted to edem ? best regards . 
2	Subject: harder ere " ctions and more sp " erm increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - lncreased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter discreet same day shipping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) http : / / genericrxsale . com / spur - m / ? sashok optout : http : / / genericrxsale . com / rm . php ? sashok 
2	Subject: amended hr restart doc louise - i ' ve added names against tasks this is a work in progress and i will have some more detail tommororw on the retention area . neil 
2	Subject: fw : read : master netting status request with respect to the master netting agreements , aquila does not want to enter into one . we have forwarded aquila a new master firm purchase / sale agreement with revised collateral provisions which is the way they want to go . i hope this meets your current needs . jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cook , mary sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 4 : 40 pm to : antonoff , rick ; aronowitz , alan ; clark , morris ; davis , angela ; del vecchio , peter ; douglas , stephen h . ; evans , mark ( london legal ) ; gray , barbara n . ; hansen , leslie ; heard , marie ; hendry , brent ; hodge , jeffrey t . ; jones , tana ; kalembka , lech ; keohane , peter ; koehler , anne c . ; leite , francisco pinto ; mccullough , travis ; mellencamp , lisa ; murphy , harlan ; murray , julia ; nemec , gerald ; portz , david ; rohauer , tanya ; sager , elizabeth ; sayre , frank ; shackleton , sara ; simons , paul ; st . clair , carol ; van hooser , steve ; viverito , john ; von bock und polach , marcus ; williams , jason r ( credit ) cc : bradford , william s . ; kitchen , louise ; rohauer , tanya subject : read : master netting status request importance : high before you leave today or first thing in the morning , please advise bradford , rohauer and kitchen by email of the status of the particular master netting agreements on which you are working . barbara gray is coordinating the release of the gas receivable financing so that we can execute the netting agreements and she will advise as and when finalized . as previously noted today , the power receivable financing will be released as we sign the netting agreements on a counterparty - by - counterparty basis . cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: hungry amateur girls casted what ' s your pleasure , squire ? average girly on movie for the first time i was steret smart , but unofrtunately the srteet was rdoeo drive . all my life i knew that terhe was all the mnoey you could want out three . all you have to do is go afetr it . the course of everything goes to teach us faith . cu 26 g anointing l ximopantolisige 
2	Subject: calling all texas exes . . . if you ' re interested or know of any other texas exes that might be , please pass it on . hope to see you there ! hook ' em horns vanessa - texas exes - fall invitation 2000 with order form . doc 
2	Subject: holiday schedule for strategic systems i am planning to take vacation on 12 / 27 , 12 / 28 , and 12 / 29 . this will put me out of the office 12 / 23 through 1 / 1 / 01 . joel will be taking vacation prior to my absence on 12 / 20 , 12 / 21 , and 12 / 22 . we will back each other up in the other ' s absence . 
2	Subject: enron actuals for april 4 , 2001 estimated actuals teco tap 20 . 000 as soon as we get a e - mail from duke i will send it to you . 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! $ 1 . 4 , million usd . from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department camelot lottery , uk 3 b olympic way , sefton business park , aintree , liverpool , l 30 lrd ref no : meli - t / 17 - fo 44262312 batch : 901 / 00319 / hlp award winning notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today of winners of the mega jackpot lotto winnings programs held on 20 th august 2004 . your company or your personal e - mail address , is attached to ticket number 9901 - 0148 - 790 - 691 , with serial number 66109 - 17 drew the lucky numbers 990 - 11 - 815 - 37 - 10 - 83 , and consequently won the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 400 , 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no : meli - t / 17 - fo 44262312 this is from total prize money of us $ 7 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the twenty ( 5 ) international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn form 25 , 000 names from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia , as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . your fund has been deposited in an escrow account and insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to claim your winning prize , you must first contact the claims department by email for processing and remittance of your prize money to you . the claims officer contact email is : name : edward pinto email : admin @ camelotpromos . net remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than the 25 th of november , 2004 . all funds not claimed on or before the fixed date will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in all correspondences with this office . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform us as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , mrs . floris dries for camelot lotto ; n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result in disqualification and any winner below the age of 18 years is automatically disqualified note : do no reply this mail . you are to contact your claims officer immediately .  
2	Subject: have you ever bought drugs online ? refill your prescription online by failing to prepare , you are preparing to fail . biology has at least 50 more interesting years . luck is the residue of design . 
2	Subject: buy cheap online overnight without a prescription . . . to our dear customers , start saving your money , buy the cheapest and easiest way to get & deliver on your doorstep . only 48 hrs . so start saving for this coming year . lst compny to ever back pharmaceuticals with a 100 percent money back g u a r an t e e . free consultation and more benefits awaiting for you this end of the year so hurry ! http : / / www . hjjdj . com / index . php ? id  jnl regards 
2	Subject: toshiba tecra centrino 1 . 6 g / xpp @ $ 1049 . 00 ( pta 30 u - 014004 ) * 1 year included , 2 additional for $ 99 . 00 over 20 pcs : $ 1049 . 00 11 to 20 pcs : $ 1069 . 00 6 to 10 pcs : $ 1079 . 00 1 to 5 pcs : $ 1089 . 00 a 3 - s 611 intel ( m ) / 256 mb 40 gb / dvd / cdrw 15 " xga / 10 / 100 / ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifi microsoft windows xp professional visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - hpl nom for august 11 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 811 . xls ) - hplo 811 . xls 
2	Subject: fw : bloomfield to gallup pigging fyi - i spoke with john sturn yesterday and he is coordinating the pigging of the sj lateral to see if the efficiency of the drag reducing agent will increase . he says the pig run will not interrupt scheduled flows on the pipe . if the efficiency of the sj lateral does not increase from the pig run , then operations will look to reapply the dra . kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jolly , rich sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 3 : 59 pm to : sturn , john cc : asante , ben ; mcchane , bob ; roensch , david ; schoolcraft , darrell ; watson , kimberly ; alters , dennis subject : re : bloomfield to gallup pigging thanks john monday october 1 will work for me . rj from : john sturn on 09 / 20 / 2001 03 : 45 pm cdt to : ben asante / et & s / enron , rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , bob mcchane / npng / enron , david roensch / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron cc : kimberly watson / et & s / enron , dennis alters / fgt / enron subject : bloomfield to gallup pigging to recap past conversations , bloomfield to gallup flow efficiency has decreased since application of the drag reducing agent last february . it is planned to try and raise the flow efficiency by running a pig . if this does not restore the flow efficiency and capacity , re - application of the dra will be considered . how does pigging bloomfield to gallup the first week in october sound ? darrell pointed out that would provide a week ' s run time on the gallup unit and be after a rotor inspection scheduled for september 29 . i suggest the teams ensure a pig is ready and make any other preparations necessary to run the pig . the afternoon of monday , october 1 , a conference call would be held . if there were no complications with gallup or any other issues , the pig run would be scheduled for wednesday or thursday . if you see any problems with this or have any other suggestions , please let me know . also please let me know if having the conference call at 2 : 00 p . m . , cst , monday , october 1 , would work for you , and if not , then what time would be good . i will plan on sending out the conference number and code next monday , september 24 . thanks , john 
2	Subject: re : vince ' s london visit hi wendy : we have finally made arrangements for vince ' s trip in september . he will be arriving in london monday the 18 th at 9 : 55 am . he would like to set up a meeting with paul and julian sometime on tuesday , the 19 th . just let me know when it is convenient . thanks ! shirley wendy . dunford @ arthurandersen . com on 08 / 29 / 2000 11 : 44 : 14 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : vince ' s london visit hi shirley i would be grateful if you could give me some dates and times when vince will be free to meet with paul day and julian leake , tom leuthwaite is not available to meet unfortunately during the week that vince is here . kind regards wendy * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: ena bid i realize we never talked about how the bids were stated - ours was inclusive of fuel and all variable charges . this will make a big difference in the ultimate rate to your shipper . do you need me to break this out ? 
2	Subject: recursos para multas de trnsito a martins livraria tem o prazer de apresentar o cd recorra multas para saber mais sobre este e muitos outros produtos de alta qualidade acesse nosso site : www . martinscoml . kit . net assuntos abordados no cd : modelos de recursos cdigo de trnsito dicionrio conselhos dpvat artigos abuso de autoridade problemas com veculo situaes no trnsito direitos do cidado deveres do cidado quem pode ajudar dicas importantes cd - rom com modelos de recursos para multas de trnsito defenda - se da indstria das multas ! aprenda como redigir corretamente um recurso de multas de trnsito . voc sabia que 75 % das multas aplicadas so provenientes de infraes questionveis onde o motorista pode , de maneira simples , conseguir seu cancelamento ? um recurso malfeito pode , por outro lado , validar uma multa incorreta . defesas para : equipamentos eletrnicos de vigilncia , radares urbanos e rodovirios , uso de celular , estacionamento irregular , cinto de segurana , etc . todos podem ! todo cidado tem o direito de defesa de multas injustas entrando com um recurso . os modelos esto prontos , basta preencher com seus dados e do veculo e j estar pronto seu recurso . s imprimir ! sucesso de vendas quer economizar centenas de reais por ano criando seus prprios recursos contra multas de trnsito ? www . martinscoml . kit . net / multas . htm para no receber esta mensagem novamente acesse : www . martinscoml . kit . net / remova  
2	Subject: re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 julie : i talked to both maureen and tanya and neither one want this service and have not been using it . maureen told me that she told you a year ago that she did not want telerate ( when she was supporting gary hickerson ' s group on 30 ) . if that is the case , we probably need a refund . let me know if there is anything that can be done about this . the only person in our group that wants telerate is jason sokolov and i put in a request for that yesterday . please cancel everything else . thanks ! shirley from : julie pechersky / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 09 / 2001 12 : 33 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 hi shirley , regarding telerate : i can cancel the service for both maurenn and tanya , but another name commonly used for the telerate application is bridge or bridgestation so you may want to just ask the two of them once more to be sure that they do not use it . just let me know and i will cancel billing jason can get access to it by submitting an e - request for him for telerate . when you go into e - request and it is prompting you for what application to choose , type in the words market data and hit search . telerate will pop up as an option and within that choose the role basic energy . we will take care of it from there . i will also remove hector campos from reuters . was there anyone else being charged for reuters services that are not needed ? i will also remove clayton vernon . i do not see anything under the name brad amoine , is this the correct spelling of his name ? i will also find out where shalesh ' s charges should be moved to . thanks for updating us and let me know if there is anything else . julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jackson , clifford sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 1 : 44 pm to : crenshaw , shirley cc : pechersky , julie subject : re : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 hi shirley . i ' ve copied this to julie pechersky , who maintains the market data database , and will be able to make the user changes you request . she ' ll also be able to tell you how / when telerate can be enabled for mr . sokolov . we get the billing data from her , so once it is correct there , it will be billed correctly . cliff jackson - - - - - original message - - - - - from : crenshaw , shirley sent : wednesday , april 04 , 2001 1 : 31 pm to : jackson , clifford cc : kaminski , vince subject : various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 clifford : in reviewing our february eis billing summary for co # 0413 , cc # 107043 , i have several questions . telerate : ( february charges : $ 3 , 032 , 35 ) i polled the group and only one person has asked for telerate and he is not shown being charged for it . that is jason sokolov . he would like to have access to telerate . if you could let me know how to get that for him . the largest percent of the telerate charges appear to be for maureen raymond , who says that she does not use telerate . could she be accessing some data that she does not know is telerate ? please let me know . if there are individual accounts for telerate the only one we need is for jason sokolov , unless maureen ' s charges are for something that she does not know is telerate . tanya tamarchenko does not need telerate and she has the second largest percentage of the charges . anyway , the only telerate subscription we need is for jason sokolov . reuters : ( february charges : $ 405 . 96 ) no one in research uses reuters . i believe most of the charges are for hector campos who used it when he was on the trading desk . when he rotated into the research group he did not need it any longer , but is still being billed for it . please remove from the research cost center . the following individuals are no longer with enron or no longer with research and their accounts should be removed from the research cost center . clayton vernon no longer with the research group remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center brad amoine no longer with enron remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center shalesh ganjoo no longer with the research group remove his lim and lim core charges from the research cost center i hope this is not too confusing ! please advise . thanks ! shirley crenshaw 
2	Subject: enron research and ebs engineering and operations group technical forum ken , i would like to invite you to an off - site meeting of john griebling ' s organization and the research group . date : april 27 - april 29 location : breckenridge , colorado as you know , john griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in ebs . the research group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes ( for modeling and forecasting internet traffic flows ) . the objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups , to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future . we are inviting joe hirko and kevin hannon to this meeting . we would appreciate if you could speak , together with joe and kevin , on strategic directions of ebs . it is important for a group of technical people , with relatively specialized technical skills , to understand the big picture . i am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting . vince 
2	Subject: sars viruses ? this may help the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . http : / / www . dghsfaes . com / fvd a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . http : / / www . dghsfaes . com / fvd if you cannot access the site it maybe busy due to high demand for this product . please try again later in a few hours or the next day . nah not for me http : / / www . dghsfaes . com / backhome  
2	Subject: re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research dear mr . fujita : professor kaminski will be delighted to have dinner with you and your colleague mr . yamada . i have put you on his calendar at 3 : 00 pm . with dinner to follow in early evening . please let me know if you would like me to make dinner reservations for you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research group 713 / 853 - 5290 masayuki fujita on 04 / 04 / 2000 11 : 07 : 19 am to : shirley crenshaw cc : subject : re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator research group enron corp dear ms . crenshaw , i am very glad to see professor kaminski let me meet with him . i offer to visit you around 3 p . m . on 17 th monday . i wonder if we can invite him for a dinner that night because my colleague mr . yamada who also wishes to meet with him will attend a risk publication ' s seminar up to 5 p . m . on that day . please let professor kaminski know we understand this offer may affect on his private time and we do not insist on it . i am very much looking forward to seeing him . best regards , masayuki fujita principal financial engineer financial technologies section mitsubishi research institute , inc . 3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku tokyo 100 - 8141 japan tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582 fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012103 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: fw : enrico bauli louise - do you know this gentleman from your days in london ? his resume looks good and he is interested in moving to houston and working in east power . john suarez - you are going to need at least one and probably two solid cash / term traders for the se region . talk to seresh about this guy . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bauli , enrico sent : thu 9 / 13 / 2001 6 : 42 am to : presto , kevin m . cc : subject : enrico bauli kevin , thanks for taking a look at this . i will talk to you in the next days to see if you think i will make enough money for you . best regards , enrico + 44 207 783 6560 > 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - enron / hpl actuals for august 21 , 2000 correct numbers : teco tap 31 . 876 / hpl gas daily ; 44 . 374 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron previous numbers : teco tap 76 . 250 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: paypal account verification notification of limited account access as part of our security measures , we regularly screen activity in the paypal system . we recently noticed the following issue on your account : unusual account activity has made it necessary to limit account access until additional verification information can be collected . case id number : pp - 071 - 362 - 996 for your protection , we have limited access to your account until additional security measures can be completed . we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . click here to verify your account please understand that this is a security measure intended to help protect you and your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choise but to temporaly suspend your account . sincerely , paypal account review department . please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the help link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here .  
2	Subject: enron mentions enron replaces fastow as finance chief - - - mcmahon takes over post ; move follows concerns over partnership deals the wall street journal , 10 / 25 / 01 enron ousts finance chief as s . e . c . looks at dealings the new york times , 10 / 25 / 01 pressured enron ousts cfo the washington post , 10 / 25 / 01 enron replaces cfo to reassure investors houston chronicle , 10 / 25 / 01 front page - first section - enron replaces finance chief . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 25 / 01 companies appoints mcmahon afx news , 10 / 25 / 01 enron : embattled chief financial officer ousted chicago tribune , 10 / 25 / 01 enron ousts cfo amid sec probe los angeles times , 10 / 25 / 01 shell - shocked enron parts with cfo thestreet . com , 10 / 25 / 01 phew ! enron stinks realmoney . com , 10 / 25 / 01 small - stock focus : russell 2000 ekes out increase ; adtran , arris group post gains the wall street journal , 10 / 25 / 01 u . s . directors to be graded by activist : the ' bond ' treatment ( toronto edition headline . ) ; directors to get the bond treatment : members of boards to be graded by shareholder activists ( all but toronto edition headline . ) national post , 10 / 25 / 01 uk : u . s . stocks drift in europe as wary tone persists . reuters english news service , 10 / 25 / 01 world stock markets - wall st favours us tech stocks over blue chips americas . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 25 / 01 enron replaces cfo andy fastow cbsmarketwatch , 10 / 25 / 01 usa : update 1 - beleaguered enron names new cfo . reuters english news service , 10 / 24 / 01 usa : utility stocks drop on slipping expectations . reuters english news service , 10 / 24 / 01 berger move follows concerns over partnership deals by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 25 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . replaced its embattled chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , capping a tumultuous day in which the huge energy company saw its stock price again fall sharply and help pull down the share prices of other major energy - trading companies . investors appeared worried that enron ' s recent woes could have a destabilizing effect on the energy - trading market . the houston energy powerhouse , with annualized revenue topping $ 150 billion and assets of more than $ 60 billion , handles transactions representing roughly one - quarter of the nation ' s traded - electricity and natural - gas volumes . in less than two years of operation , its enrononline trading platform has become a central marketplace for the energy business and already has handled more than $ 880 billion in transactions . " enron makes the market . make no mistake about that , " said merrill lynch analyst donato eassey . " there ' s not a trader out there that doesn ' t use enrononline . " as such , enron enters into thousands of transactions every day in which the company ' s credit - worthiness is critical . enron said its business operations were functioning normally yesterday . the company also has consistently said it is financially strong and liquid . enron said its new chief financial officer is jeffrey mcmahon , the 40 - year - old head of the company ' s industrial - markets division . his selection may be intended , in part , to raise the company ' s credibility . people familiar with the matter say mr . mcmahon left his job as treasurer last year after voicing concerns within the company about mr . fastow ' s role in running two limited partnerships that were involved in billions of dollars worth of transactions with enron . internal partnership documents indicate mr . fastow and possibly a handful of associates made millions of dollars from the partnerships . mr . fastow severed his ties with those partnerships in july in the face of increasing conflict - of - interest concerns being expressed by wall street analysts and major enron investors . on monday , enron announced that the securities and exchange commission was looking into the fastow - related transactions . while enron as recently as tuesday strongly defended mr . fastow , as well as the company ' s dealings with the partnerships , controversy over those arrangements clearly played a role in the executive ' s departure . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " said chairman and chief executive kenneth lay in a prepared statement . enron said mr . fastow " will be on a leave of absence from the company . " he couldn ' t be reached for comment . it remains to be seen how much mr . fastow ' s removal will assuage an increasingly restive investment community . the action came after the 4 p . m . market close and followed a day in which enron ' s stock once again plunged . as of 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading , enron shares were at $ 16 . 41 , down $ 3 . 38 , or 17 % . it topped the big board ' s most active list at nearly 76 million shares , more than twice the volume of the second - most - active stock . several trades yesterday involved blocks of 800 , 000 shares or more , possibly indicating that some institutional holders are souring on enron stock . enron ' s shares are down about 50 % from the beginning of last week . earlier this year , the stock was above $ 80 a share . in an apparent ripple effect , the stocks of other energy - trading companies , which do business with enron , also fell sharply yesterday . for instance , dynegy inc . shares on the big board were off $ 5 . 45 , or 13 % , at $ 37 . 26 . a number of the energy companies hit by the selloff have business strategies much different than enron ' s , which rely heavily on complex and highly structured investment vehicles . prudential securities analyst carol coale said mr . fastow ' s departure could be seen as evidence that " management does care " about investor concerns . however , she adds , the move also could be viewed by some investors , coming as it did two days after the announcement of the sec inquiry , as " an admission of guilt . " ms . coale yesterday issued a sell recommendation on enron largely because of uncertainties about the company ' s extremely complex financial structure . enron has consistently denied any wrongdoing in its fastow - related dealings . worries and rumors about enron ' s financial strength could be found in the stock market yesterday . goldman sachs analyst david fleischer said he heard people voice concerns about a possible " death spiral " in which increasing credit concerns about enron would decrease the number of people willing to do business with the company , which would in turn weaken its finances and lead to further business reductions . mr . fleischer , a longtime fan who still has a buy recommendation on the company , said he hasn ' t yet seen any evidence of such a problem . however , mr . fleischer said , enron needs to disclose more information about its myriad of financial transactions with related partnerships and other entities . enron is facing a problem with " trust and credibility . it ' s not easy to regain something as basic as trust , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ousts finance chief as s . e . c . looks at dealings by floyd norris 10 / 25 / 2001 the new york times page 2 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company the enron corporation , its stock battered by a sudden loss of investor confidence , yesterday ousted its chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , whose involvement in complicated transactions with enron has drawn the scrutiny of the securities and exchange commission . ' ' in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as c . f . o . , ' ' kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , said in a statement announcing the change . only one day before , mr . lay had told investors in a conference call that he and the enron board ' ' continue to have the highest faith and confidence in andy . ' ' the company said that mr . fastow had taken a leave of absence , but it also named his successor , jeffrey mcmahon , the head of enron ' s industrial markets group and a former corporate treasurer . enron said none of the officials were available for interviews last night . the move came after the close of trading on the new york stock exchange , where enron ' s shares fell $ 3 . 38 , to $ 16 . 41 . the price has been cut in half since oct . 16 , when enron reported its third - quarter earnings . a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity brought on by ending some relationships with partnerships that mr . fastow had headed was not disclosed in the earnings news release . mr . lay briefly mentioned it in the conference call that followed , but some analysts thought he was referring to a separate $ 1 billion write - off that was disclosed in the earnings document , and were angered when they later learned about it . on tuesday , when both mr . fastow and mr . lay discussed the company with analysts on the conference call , neither was willing to discuss details of the transactions between enron and the partnerships formerly controlled by mr . fastow . mr . lay cited the s . e . c . inquiry in declining to discuss the details of the transactions . the fact the transactions took place has been known for a year , but enron ' s disclosures have been widely criticized for being impossible to understand . by structuring the deals as involving forward commitments to deliver enron stock , it appears that enron was able to assure that losses on them would not lead to reported losses , but instead to reductions of shareholder equity that had no effect on the income statement . that is one of the issues the s . e . c . , whose inquiries were disclosed monday by the company , is expected to address . concerns have also grown this week over whether enron will face losses from complicated financing strategies that kept billions of dollars of debts off its balance sheet but left the company responsible for paying - - either in cash or with stock - - if things went wrong . on tuesday , mr . fastow assured investors that the company ' ' expects to continue to have sufficient liquidity to meet normal obligations , ' ' and said it had bank credit lines that were more than adequate . mr . fastow was viewed as one of the architects , with jeffrey k . skilling , the former enron chief executive who resigned in august , of the change in business strategy that turned enron from a gas - pipeline company into a an energy trading powerhouse that developed a large wall street following . its stock price peaked in the summer of 2000 at $ 90 . 75 . according to a person close to the company , while mr . mcmahon , mr . fastow ' s successor , was enron ' s treasurer , he told mr . skilling , who at the time was the chief operating officer , that he thought the partnerships involving mr . fastow presented a conflict of interest . after that discussion , mr . mcmahon moved to a different job at the company , this person said . shares of enron traded as low as $ 15 . 51 yesterday afternoon , the lowest price for the stock since early 1995 , before recovering . in after - hours trading , they fell to $ 16 . 14 . one of the factors that hurt the stock yesterday was a decision by m . carol coale , an analyst at prudential securities , to drop her rating to ' ' sell ' ' from ' ' hold . ' ' she had lowered the rating to ' ' hold ' ' from ' ' buy ' ' on monday . ' ' after the s . e . c . inquiry was announced , ' ' she said in an interview yesterday evening , ' ' enron should have addressed it by delivering a scapegoat , as a gesture to the street . now they are replacing him today . the timing is a little late , but i think it will be received positively by the street . ' ' but she said that investor sentiment might work the other way . ' ' people could fear that if you remove fastow from the management team , you ' ll never get any answers . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial pressured enron ousts cfo 10 / 25 / 2001 the washington post final eo 2 copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved enron replaced andrew fastow as its chief financial officer , a day after chief executive kenneth lay stressed the company ' s confidence in fastow , who performed dual roles as the energy giant ' s cfo while managing partnerships with which enron did business . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " lay said in a statement . the partnerships have been dissolved . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . oct . 25 , 2001 , 12 : 06 am houston chronicle enron replaces cfo to reassure investors by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle in a bid to repair its badly damaged credibility on wall street , houston - based enron corp . removed its chief financial officer wednesday , as federal securities regulators review business dealings between enron and two investment partnerships that he ran . enron , the world ' s largest energy trader , said chief financial officer andrew fastow had been put on a " leave of absence " for an undetermined period and named another enron executive , jeff mcmahon , as his replacement . the company said the move was not a reflection on fastow or a belief that he had done anything improper . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " enron chairman and ceo ken lay said in a statement after the stock market closed on a day investors continued dumping shares . enron , which had seen its stock battered this year for a variety of reasons , found itself high on wall street ' s hit list after it released third - quarter earnings on oct 16 . the earnings report drew renewed attention to something investors and analysts had already expressed displeasure at : fastow , with the approval of enron ' s board , had formed and run two investment partnerships - - ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment . the partnerships , which did complex financing and hedging deals with enron , served as a source of funding for enron projects and investments . but wall street questioned how fastow could watch out for the interests of enron ' s shareholders and the investment partnership at the same time . so fastow , in june , resigned his roles at the partnerships and enron also ended its relationships with the ljm entities . during the third - quarter , enron took a $ 35 million loss related to ending its ljm ties as well as a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . tuesday , lay told analysts and investors that procedures were rigorously followed to ensure the interests of enron and its shareholders were protected in dealings with the ljm partnerships . he said a " chinese wall " existed between enron and ljm . fastow ' s replacement , mcmahon , previously served as enron ' s treasurer before moving last year to another job with enron . most recently , he headed up the company ' s industrial markets group . a source close to enron said mcmahon asked to be reassigned from the treasurer ' s job because he was uncomfortable with the fastow - ljm setup . enron spokesman mark palmer said neither fastow nor mcmahon was available for comment wednesday . he also didn ' t know whether fastow is still receiving a salary . enron disclosed on monday that federal securities regulators had begun an " informal inquiry " into the ljm dealings . the news proved terrible for a company already working to rebuild investor confidence after a series of failed investments in telecommunications , water and retail power businesses and the surprise resignation of ceo jeff skilling in august for personal reasons . a continuously growing number of shareholder lawsuits against enron followed the earnings report and the news of the sec inquiry . wall street has stepped up its chronic complaints that enron ' s various financial dealings are too complex to follow and that the company fails to give analysts enough data to make proper evaluations . beyond the ljm partnerships , investors are concerned about two other partnerships enron set up . among the worries is that enron will end up having to issue new shares of stock to cover commitments associated with those entities . investors wouldn ' t like that because it would dilute the value of current outstanding shares . they are also afraid that enron ' s debt credit rating may be downgraded , which could have negative impacts on its overall business . in the last six days , enron ' s shares have closed lower and lower . on oct . 16 , the stock closed at $ 33 . 84 . on wednesday it closed at $ 16 . 41 , down $ 3 . 38 . wednesday , the hubbub surrounding enron also dragged down shares in other companies that engage in energy trading , including houston - based dynegy , which closed down $ 5 . 45 at $ 37 . 26 . there is concern enron ' s woes could in some way end up harming the energy trading markets . a conference call lay and senior executives , including fastow , held with analysts tuesday to help clear up questions didn ' t go as enron hoped . on wednesday , carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities in houston , moved from a " hold " to a " sell " rating . front page - first section - enron replaces finance chief . by julie earle and sheila mcnulty . 10 / 25 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved front page - first section - enron replaces finance chief - energy company attempts to halt sharp decline in its share price . enron , the us energy group , yesterday replaced its embattled chief financial officer , andrew fastow , to try to halt a slide in its share price , which has lost about 40 per cent of its value this week . kenneth lay , enron ' s chief executive officer , said after the market closed that mr fastow was taking a leave of absence . the move came a day after mr lay defended mr fastow amid questions about his ties to controversial partnerships that had forced enron to take a $ 1 . 2 bn write - off . that loss , revealed last week , sparked the share sell - off amid concerns there may be more bad news to come . enron disclosed the loss during an october 16 conference call with analysts on its third - quarter results , saying the charge stemmed from closing funding mechanisms that enron had set up in the partnerships established with mr fastow . analysts say the charge has not been satisfactorily explained , leading to confusion among investors and an unofficial inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " mr lay said . he said jeff mcmahon , chairman and chief executive of enron ' s industrial markets group , would replace mr fastow . mr mcmahon earlier served as enron ' s treasurer . analysts said it was unclear whether mr fastow ' s departure would be enough . carol coale , of prudential securities , said the move was positive in demonstrating that enron was being sensitive to wall street , which had called for mr fastow to be replaced . yet , she added , it came three days after those calls . ms coale issued a " sell " recommendation on enron earlier yesterday , leading to a drop of almost 18 per cent in its share price . " we are concerned about what we don ' t know , " ms coale said . she was concerned that enron might have to sell assets below book value to maintain its credit rating , or be forced to issue equity to bolster its balance sheet . enron might also lose customers to competitors that were not under such pressure . enron believes such concerns are misplaced and the sec inquiry will prove the company has done nothing wrong . lex , page 16 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - ' sell ' note issued on enron shares . by sheila mcnulty . 10 / 25 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved shares in enron , the us energy group , fell again yesterday after prudential securities issued a " sell " note on concerns that the $ 1 . 2 bn loss taken by the company last week might not be the end of its bad news . in the first hour of new york stock exchange trading , enron ' s stock was the biggest percentage loser , dropping 20 . 2 per cent to $ 15 . 80 - its lowest level since august 1995 . / " we are concerned about what we don ' t know , " said carol coale , the prudential analyst who covers enron . she was disappointed that enron had not been more forthcoming in the conference call it held on tuesday in response to charges it was not being transparent . investors have been abandoning the stock since october 16 , when enron told analysts it was taking a $ 1 . 2 bn loss in shutting down funding mechanisms it had set up in controversial partnerships established with andrew fastow , the chief financial officer . this charge has not been thoroughly explained , leading to confusion among analysts and an unofficial inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . ms coale said she was concerned enron might have to sell assets below book value to maintain its credit rating , or be forced to issue equity to bolster its balance sheet . she said enron might lose customers to competitors that are not under such pressure . enron believes such concerns are misplaced and that the sec enquiry will prove that the company has done nothing wrong . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . lex column - enron . 10 / 25 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron to lose a chief executive may be regarded as a misfortune . to lose the chief financial officer as well looks like carelessness . enron ' s effort to increase transparency , revealing more operating data in its third quarter release , was undermined by its decision to gloss over a $ 1 . 2 bn equity charge related to the closing of " related party transactions " with two off - balance sheet financing vehicles . and it neglected to mention that the vehicles were run by andrew fastow , its cfo . conflict of interest anyone ? the securities and exchange commission is conducting an informal inquiry . investors , angry after the initial revelation , had reason to feel more so after its conference call , which was supposed to clear up confusion over the financing vehicles and related party transactions . the call had the opposite effect . the charge to shareholders ' equity , and the related reduction in notes receivable , was the result of closing one of the vehicles - and the termination of previously recorded contractual obligations to deliver enron shares . the uncertainty is whether enron might have to sell assets or issue new stock to cover possible shortfalls in other vehicles . credit concerns and lack of disclosure explain the weakness of stock and bond prices . enron is unlikely to lose its investment grade status , but dilution is a real risk for shareholders . mr fastow has gone ( following jeffrey skilling , former chief executive , who quit after only six months as ceo ) . but the credibility problem goes beyond one individual . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron corp . cut to ` market perform ' at banc of america 2001 - 10 - 25 08 : 49 ( new york ) princeton , new jersey , oct . 25 ( bloomberg data ) - - enron corp . ( ene us ) was downgraded to ` ` market perform ' ' from ` ` strong buy ' ' by analyst william j maze at banc of america . baring asset management ' s mcclen on enron : investor comments 2001 - 10 - 25 08 : 09 ( new york ) london , oct . 25 ( bloomberg ) - - the following are comments by catherine mcclen , who helps manage about $ 17 billion of bonds for baring asset management , about enron corp . yesterday , enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest energy trader $ 35 million . mcclen said baring bought credit - linked notes issued by houston - based enron during the summer . ` ` given what has happened , with them basically firing andy fastow , the cfo , they ' ve finally woken up to how concerned people are about the management - credibility issue . ' ' on a recent conference call ` ` no one thought they did themselves any favor in terms of calming investors ' concerns . ' ' ` ` they were slightly hiding behind the fact that the sec has got this inquiry going . the fact that two days later andy is gone , and he was in the center , is a good sign that the company is realizing just how concerned investors are . ' ' ` ` there ' s always that worry once the sec gets involved that it could extend . you never know what could come of that . ' ' ` ` there is a bit of fear of the unknown about enron now , with the sec inquiry and the risk that there could be further asset write - downs . ' ' ` ` another thing they ' re criticized for is their lack of disclosure . we still haven ' t seen a balance sheet for the third quarter . ' ' ` ` people are saying , why don ' t you include a balance sheet with your results ? they promised better disclosure in the past and that was meant to begin in the third quarter . ' ' ` ` you ' d like to see just more information on asset write - downs and a discussion of their off - balance - sheet financing - - all these vehicles they have like marlin and osprey . ' ' ` ` we ' d like to see some clarity , answering those sort of questions . ' ' ` ` it seems as though enron at least are maybe at the start of a process where they ' re going to address and clean up their balance sheet and they ' ve started to replace management . ' ' ` ` investors have already had enough issues ' ' in corporate bonds recently and ` ` sometimes investors just think , ` not another nasty in my portfolio , ' and i ' d rather exit . ' ' ` ` for certain investors maybe they just get scared . i wanted to know more about it . people had speculated if it could go to junk . i don ' t think they could because i don ' t think enron could exist as a junk company . ' ' ` ` there ' s a certain reluctance ' ' to sell the bonds . ` ` you want to stand back for a moment and look at the fundamentals . ' ' ` ` when the spreads have already moved out that wide you have to reassess and see whether you think it ' s a buying opportunity . ' ' - - christine harper in the london newsroom ( 44 20 ) 7330 - 7982 or charper @ bloomberg . net / jom enron ousts cfo amid partnership questions by pam easton associated press writer 10 / 25 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - enron corp . may have added another question to the list investors already have by ousting its chief financial officer a day after the company stressed its confidence in andrew fastow amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry . " it could either be viewed as a positive step toward easing investor concern or it could be interpreted as if enron removed the cfo at the request of the sec , " prudential securities inc . analyst carol coale said wednesday . " who knows ? " enron officials hope it will result in increased investor confidence after the energy trading giant ' s stocks have declined in value each day since monday ' s announcement that the sec had inquired about partnerships that did business with enron while they were managed by fastow . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " enron chief executive officer kenneth lay said after markets closed wednesday . fastow will take a leave of absence from the company while jeff mcmahon , who has served as chairman and chief executive of enron ' s industrial markets group , takes over his role . " i think change is good at this particular point in time , " said fac equities analyst robert christensen said . " i think andy was somewhat beleaguered . " a . g . edwards & sons analyst mike heim , however , said it will take more than replacing fastow as chief financial officer to clear the uncertainty looming in the financial world about enron and its partnerships . " i think the reason why the stock has been declining so sharply the last few days is due to a lack of clarity on the partnership arrangements , " heim said . replacing fastow alone won ' t clarify those arrangements , he added . " there is still uncertainty despite promises by management to be more transparent to the financial community , " heim said . " instead of being more transparent there is more confusion than ever . " enron ' s stock continued to plummet wednesday , closing down $ 3 . 38 to $ 16 . 41 per share , a 17 percent decline . since the wall street journal first reported on the partnerships last week , enron ' s stock price has slid nearly 52 percent . " the market was asking for that to happen , " j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin said of fastow ' s departure . " this is really the first time enron has acted as an agent of the shareholder in this crisis . " previously , enron ' s managers have been " cautious and defensive in their approach , " he said . during a conference call tuesday to address investor concern , lay said the partnerships were fully disclosed and contained measures to ensure no conflict existed as fastow carried out the dual roles . the partnerships have since been dissolved . the call didn ' t work for many , including feygin and heim . " i didn ' t hear things like we ' ve unrolled all these partnership dealings or here ' s all the exact details of how the partnerships work or we don ' t ever expect to take any more charges , " heim said . " what i heard is we don ' t have to disclose that information until the 10 - q is filed . " the turbulent past few months which have included the sec inquiry , third quarter losses and the august resignation of the company ' s chief executive officer , jeff skilling , have left many analysts questioning the company ' s future , heim said . " it ' s really a speculative bet right now , but the odds favor the company being able to weather the storm and being a healthy company if not a year from now , two years from now , " he said . but much is going to depend on how much enron discloses to its investors , feygin said . feygin said mcmahon worked as enron ' s treasurer for two years under fastow before a disagreement over fastow ' s involvement in the partnerships caused mcmahon to leave his job as treasurer . " internally , jeff was always a proponent of andy not being involved in ( the partnerships ) , " feygin said . " three days ago i would have said there is no need for a change at the cfo level . today , it was pretty obvious it was something enron needed to do . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial post investing hot stock enron fires cfo to quell unrest : stock meltdown jason chow financial post , with files from bloomberg news 10 / 25 / 2001 national post national inl / front ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . facing a crisis of confidence in the market , enron corp . replaced its chief financial officer yesterday as its stock continued to tumble . after failing to rally the support of analysts in a damage - control conference call tuesday , the houston - based energy trader dropped chief financial officer andrew fastow , who has been linked to transactions being looked at by the securities and exchange commission . he was replaced by former treasurer jeff mcmahon . the move came after enron shares ( ene / nyse ) dropped us $ 3 . 38 to us $ 16 . 41 . the stock has dropped 55 % in the past two weeks - - wiping out us $ 10 - billion of shareholder wealth . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " enron chief executive kenneth lay said . early last week , enron reported a us $ 618 - million third - quarter loss , resulting from us $ 1 . 01 - billion in write - offs . the company also disclosed a us $ 1 . 2 - billion reduction in shareholder equity for the quarter as a result of terminating certain transactions related to a partnership that for a time was headed by mr . fastow . in july , mr . fastow ended his connection to the partnership in the face of growing concerns by analysts and major investors . the sec is currently looking into the partnership arrangement . the turmoil of the past several days prompted enron to schedule a conference call tuesday morning with wall street analysts to reassure investors . during the call , enron officials declined to specify mr . fastow ' s role in the partnership , citing the ongoing sec investigation and a derivative lawsuit filed against enron that alleges its board breached its fiduciary duties by allowing mr . fastow to create and run the partnerships . the stock came under renewed pressure early in the day after analyst carol coale of prudential financial downgraded the stock for the second time this week , to " sell " from " hold . " ms . coale said the rating change is " not because of things we do know but because of things that we potentially don ' t know about the company . " volume was very heavy , with 75 . 8 million shares changing hands . average daily volume is 6 . 7 million shares . j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin was also less than impressed with enron ' s line during the conference call . the company acknowledged that transactions with partnerships run by its chief financial officer led to a writedown of us $ 1 . 2 - billion in shareholder equity . but mr . feygin said management was " defensive " when pressed for details . ms . coale reduced her price target down us $ 15 from us $ 55 , assuming more bad news was to come . while the allegations of impropriety cloud enron , mr . feygin said the company ' s credit situation could be the more crucial factor for its short - term fortunes . last week , moody ' s investors service placed all us $ 13 - billion of the company ' s long - term debt securities on watch for possible downgrade . if moody ' s lowered its rating , enron ' s short - term debt costs would rise . copyright ? 2000 dow jones appoints mcmahon 10 / 25 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd houston ( afx ) - enron corp said it named jeff mcmahon chief financial officer in place of andrew fastow . announcing mcmahon ' s appointment , chairman kenneth lay said : " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo . " enron shares have fallen sharply in recent days on concerns over financial transactions made with the two ljm partnerships run by fastow , which analysts said could affect future earnings and which have prompted class action suits against the company . on monday , enron announced that the securities and exchange commission was looking into the fastow - related transactions . mcmahon had been serving as chairman and ceo of enron ' s industrial markets group . the wall street journal quoted people familiar with the matter as saying mcmahon left his job as treasurer last year after voicing concerns within the company about fastow ' s role in running the two partnerships . internal documents indicate fastow and possibly a handful of associates made millions of dollars from the partnerships , the newspaper reported . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones n 2 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) enron corp . ousted andrew fastow as its chief financial officer wednesday , a day after chief executive kenneth lay stressed the company ' s confidence in him despite growing controversy over fastow ' s role overseeing partnerships that did business with the energy - trading giant . " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " lay said in a statement . . the company said fastow had taken a leave of absence , but it also named his successor , jeff mcmahon , the head of enron ' s industrial markets group and a former corporate treasurer . the move came after the close of trading on the new york stock exchange , where enron ' s shares fell $ 3 . 38 , to $ 16 . 41 . the price has been cut in half since oct . 16 , after enron ' s third - quarter earnings release failed to disclose the partnerships . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk enron ousts cfo amid sec probe bloomberg news 10 / 25 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 3 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company houston - - enron corp . ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow wednesday amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest energy trader $ 35 million . enron named jeff mcmahon , head of its industrial markets group , as cfo because " it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy , " chairman and chief executive kenneth lay said . fastow will take a leave of absence . shares of enron , based in houston , have plunged 80 % this year . third - quarter charges of $ 1 . 01 billion from failed investments outside the main commodities trading business wiped out 70 % of the profit earned in the last four quarters . " investors were clearly not comfortable with exposure to andy , " said j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin , who downgraded enron to " long - term buy " and owns no shares . fastow , 39 , ran ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , two partnerships created by enron to buy company assets . enron ' s involvement in the financing vehicles cost the company $ 35 million in third - quarter losses . enron also bought back 62 million shares from ljm 2 at a cost of $ 1 . 2 billion to unwind its investment . during a conference call tuesday , lay said , " i and enron ' s board of directors continue to have the highest faith and confidence in andy and think he ' s doing an outstanding job as cfo . " enron announced that fastow would leave after its stock closed down $ 3 . 38 , or 17 % , to $ 16 . 41 in trading wednesday on the new york stock exchange , setting a new 52 - week low . the sec began an inquiry into enron ' s partnerships monday . spokeswoman karen denne said it is an informal inquiry that enron is cooperating with , and that no subpoenas have been received . the company has formed at least 18 affiliated partnerships and corporations , some of which buy and sell enron assets such as power plants , records at the texas secretary of state ' s office indicate . copyright ? 2000 dow jones a press release says fastow is taking a leave of absence . he ' s been replaced by jeffrey mcmahon , formerly ceo of enron ' s industrial markets group . how might the enron bulls spin this ? likely , they will point to mcmahon ' s alleged opposition to fastow ' s role in the big hedging deal , called ljm 2 , to show that the " fastow era " is over . the wall street journal , citing anonymous sources , reported tuesday that as treasurer at enron mcmahon complained about fastow ' s possible conflict of interest . probably , the fear was that fastow couldn ' t serve enron and ljm 2 equally , especially as he was allegedly making a lot of money from ljm 2 . clearly , if mcmahon turns out to be a new broom , that ' s a positive for enron . an enron spokeswoman declined to comment on whether the journal ' s account of mcmahon ' s stance on ljm 2 was correct . not much else is encouraging , however . fastow ' s departure shows that it took massive drops in enron stock to force senior management into action . on a difficult conference call tuesday , ceo ken lay gave fastow resounding backing . it took wednesday ' s plunge to get lay to sign off on a new cfo . in other words , lay listens only when the market screams and hollers . how much further does the stock have to fall to bring further much - needed reforms at the company ? the spokeswoman responds that lay had discussions with analysts tuesday and wednesday that led him to the conclusion that fastow ' s replacement was necessary to rebuild investor confidence . enron culture is thick with financial sorcery . people got upset by one shadowy deal , but no one knows exactly how the company ' s core energy trading business makes money . it ' s hard to believe the ljm 2 deals were done in isolation and without the knowledge of the board . in fact , the chatter is that fastow and former ceo jeff skilling proposed the ljm 2 transactions to the board after it was reluctant to enter the broadband business . the board apparently feared the volatility that might come from being in broadband , so fastow allegedly proposed ljm 2 as a way to hedge that volatility away . this meant ljm 2 entered agreements that gave it access to increases in the value of broadband assets but protected enron from the downside . should the whole board be on the hook , too ? the spokeswoman responds that the board would not have entered the ljm 2 transaction if it had not thought it would benefit enron and its shareholders . lay has shown himself to be woefully out of touch with the market ' s views . arguably , that ' s downright reckless for a trading company that is dependent on potentially skittish short - term financing . letting things get this bad has risked good faith among enron counterparties and bankers . it shows an unhealthy reluctance to address key problems until they ' re unavoidable . the spokeswoman responds that the company is now working hard to improve transparency . any efforts in that direction will be much appreciated , but is it any wonder people compare this lot to long term capital management ? phew ! enron stinks by james j . cramer realmoney . com 10 / 25 / 2001 07 : 04 am edt url : did enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) cause the energy crisis ? did it create a short squeeze in energy by buying up all available power and hoarding it , perhaps in a series of partnerships that it controlled ? did we wipe out billions in equity of utilities in some sort of bizarre zero - sum game in which enron won it all and shareholders from california utilities lost ? and was enron at the hub of a vast power conspiracy to screw the u . s . consumer ? somehow , i believe that if it weren ' t for the events of sept . 11 and its aftermath , these questions would be asked right now by a justice department antitrust division or a congressional investigation . to me , this one smells worse than anything that microsoft might have done at one time . and we need to give some of these departed enron execs immunity to get to the bottom of what may have been the greatest antitrust act in history . we ought to do it fast , too , while there is some enron left to pay the treble damages that violators owe . what surprises me is that some enterprising young prosecutor doesn ' t want to make his name blowing this one wide open . this nation must stop at nothing to get the terrorists . but it can ' t abandon the white - collar folks , either . there was just too much money lost too fast for what , in an era where energy seems pretty plentiful , couldn ' t possibly , in retrospect , be considered a real shortage . random musings : see you on cnbc ' s " squawk , " where i will , if given the chance , talk about viacom ( viab : nyse - news - commentary ) , chevrontexaco ( cvx : nyse - news - commentary ) , united technologies ( utx : nyse - news - commentary ) and wells fargo ( wfc : nyse - news - commentary ) , all of which have some nice cyclicality to them , which is what is called for at this very moment . ? ? ? small - stock focus : russell 2000 ekes out increase ; adtran , arris group post gains ? by karen talley ? dow jones newswires ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? the wall street journal ? c 6 ? ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) ? ? new york - - it was a day for small - cap stocks to hug the baseline - - barely moving - - before ending the day with a slight gain as a number of positive profit reports pitched them onto positive ground . ? the russell 2000 index of small - capitalization stocks rose 0 . 28 point , or 0 . 07 % , to 427 . 65 , while the nasdaq composite index added 27 . 10 , or 1 . 59 % , to 1731 . 54 . ? given small caps ' modest advance , their finishing the day higher hardly was guaranteed . for a while , in fact , they trailed larger - cap technology issues and blue chips , although there were moments when these stocks , too , slipped into negative territory . ? the day offered little anthrax news but lots of earnings reports , and investors voted according to whether their companies had done well or not . ? generally for small caps , " it ' s ` where do we go from here ' time , " said andrew rich , small - cap portfolio manager with driehaus capital management . a lot of small caps have recouped the ground they lost the first week the market reopened after the terrorist attacks , but there are few compelling reasons to be an aggressive buyer , mr . rich said . " now , it seems the whole market is looking for direction . " ? on the nasdaq , volume was 1 . 865 billion shares , with 1 . 321 billion advancing and 516 million declining . gainers outpaced decliners by 1 , 902 to 1 , 628 . ? it was tech all the way among the day ' s top performers . ? communications technology , including a lot of fiber - optic and networking firms , ranked highest . among small caps , adtran rose 97 cents , or 4 . 2 % , to 23 . 97 , arris group jumped 75 cents , or 19 % , to 4 . 60 and extreme networks added 93 cents , or 7 . 6 % , to 13 . 17 . ? semiconductors were the session ' s second - best presenters with , among small caps , elantec semiconductor adding 3 . 71 , or 12 % , to 34 . 15 , and oak technology rising 86 cents , or 11 % , to 8 . 80 . ? wireless - communications stocks were also strong , with help from large - cap nextel communications , which advanced 1 . 29 , or 17 % , to 8 . 69 after posting a third - quarter loss that surpassed wall street estimates amid continued firmness in subscriber growth . in some possible spillover among small caps , airgate pcs rose 3 . 28 , or 6 . 1 % , to 56 . 78 . ? the day ' s poorest performers were natural - gas utilities , which continued to be dragged down by large cap enron , which fell 3 . 38 , or 17 % , to 16 . 41 . piedmont natural gas fell 34 cents , or 1 . 1 % , to 30 . 63 , and peoples energy shed 56 cents , or 1 . 4 % , to 39 . 06 . ? pegasystems jumped 1 . 21 , or 43 % , to 4 . 01 after a 12 % rise tuesday . the cambridge , mass . , developer of customer - management software enjoyed an even stronger second day yesterday , following tuesday ' s release of better - than - expected third - quarter earnings of 12 cents a share , beating an analyst ' s estimate by 10 cents a share . ? pinnacle systems rose 83 cents , or 25 % , to 4 . 20 . the mountain view , calif . , video - production - system maker had a fiscal first - quarter loss of 11 cents a share before items , beating wall street expectations by eight cents a share . thomas weisel upgraded shares to ` buy ' from ` market perform . ' ? sybase jumped 1 . 99 , or 17 % , to 13 . 50 . the emeryville , calif . , online - software developer reported 20 cents a share in earnings before items , beating wall street ' s expectations by two cents a share . ? in a follow - on offering , ameripath gained 2 . 24 , or 8 . 4 % , to 29 . 04 after offering 4 . 125 million shares at $ 26 each . the follow - on , as is the custom , was priced at a discount to tuesday ' s close of 26 . 80 . ? merger activity had a positive effect on small caps . pri automation jumped 3 . 38 , or 27 % , to 15 . 92 . the billerica , mass . , semiconductor - equipment maker signed a definitive agreement to be bought by brooks automation for about $ 380 million in stock . under the accord , which was approved by both companies ' boards , pri shareholders will receive 0 . 52 brooks share for each pri share held . brooks automation fell 1 . 31 , 3 . 9 % , to 31 . 80 . ? vysis surged 7 . 26 , or 31 % , to 30 . 26 . the downers grove , ill . , genetic - disease researcher agreed to be acquired by abbott laboratories for $ 30 . 50 a share , or $ 355 million . abbott rose 38 cents to 54 . 24 . ? oni systems dropped 1 . 01 , or 15 % , to 5 . 62 . the san jose , calif . , maker of fiber - optic communication equipment met analysts ' third - quarter consensus estimate of 19 cents a share , excluding items , but said its fourth - quarter loss will range between 16 cents and 20 cents a share , on revenue of $ 40 million to $ 50 million , when analysts were expecting a loss of 16 cents a share , excluding items , on revenue of $ 50 . 1 million . credit suisse first boston cut shares to " buy " from " strong buy , " and fac equities reduced the stock to " neutral " from " buy . " ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones directors to get the bond treatment : members of boards to be graded by shareholder activists ( all but toronto edition headline . ) ? kevin drawbaugh ? reuters ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? national post ? national ? fpl 2 ? ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . ? ? washington - directors of corporations will be graded according to their performance by a service expected to be launched soon by business research group the corporate library , the group ' s co - founder said yesterday . ? in a move that could cause some sweaty palms in boardrooms across the country , long - time shareholder activist nell minow said directors will be awarded grades of a , b , c and lower , based on meeting attendance and other benchmarks . ? " it ' s always been my dream to rate individual directors like bonds . directors have not had the scrutiny they deserve , " said ms . minow , who said the service will be called board analyst . ? planned as an added feature on an existing web site , . com , board analyst is still in testing stages but is expected to launch next year , she said . ? only directors of u . s . companies will initially be evaluated . non - u . s . directors may be added later . ? ms . minow and partner robert monks have written several books on corporate governance and shareholder rights . they formerly managed the washington - based shareholder activist lens fund , which they sold last year to british fund management group hermes . ? their latest venture may find a receptive audience on the institutional buy - side , said industry spokespersons . ? " there ' s been growing interest within our membership in board membership , in general , and individual directors , in particular . i definitely think there would be interest in more information on individual directors , " said ann yerger , spokeswoman for the council of institutional investors , which represents america ' s large pension funds . ? the corporate governance movement , since its beginnings in the 1970 s , has focused on making directors more accountable and responsible . many companies have responded by requiring more outside directors and more meaningful stock ownership among directors . but examples of lax board oversight still abound . ? one example would be enron corp . , whose stock has plunged in recent days since the company said the securities and exchange commission was investigating transactions involving certain outside partnerships and the company ' s chief financial officer , ms . minow said . ? " where was the enron board in all of this ? " she asked . " boards and outside consultants are supposed to vet ideas for partnerships like these . that apparently didn ' t happen here . " ? taking the corporate governance argument a step further , ms . minow argued that effective board membership is more than a theoretical question . it should be an issue for investors to evaluate when they consider buying stock in a company . ? " this isn ' t just a corporate governance thing . this is part of investment analysis , " she said . ? institutional investors routinely examine corporate management when analyzing stocks . whether they will begin to examine directors , as well , remained an open question . ? " nell and bob monks have been shareholder activists for a long time and have moved corporate governance in a positive direction , " said peter gleason , vice - president of research and development at the national association of corporate directors , which represents more than 3 , 000 corporate directors . ? surveys by the association recently showed that corporate directors rank self - evaluation high on their list of concerns . " more and more directors are saying this is something we should be doing , " mr . gleason said . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? ? uk : u . s . stocks drift in europe as wary tone persists . ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? reuters english news service ? ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ? ? london , oct 25 ( reuters ) - u . s . stocks trading in europe drifted sideways as investors awaited the u . s . reaction to an economic stimulus package announced on wednesday , coupled with an uncertain mood in europe before an interest rate decision . ? u . s . technology stocks hovered around their new york closing prices . computer giant ibm traded on the instinet electronic brokerage at $ 108 . 85 , marginally up from its official close of $ 108 . 57 , while dealers said network giant cisco systems was quoted near to its close of $ 17 . 23 . ? energy company enron corp . found some support in europe after tumbling after the bell on wall street , as the company said it replaced its chief financial officer , who had been linked to transactions being looked at by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . ? dealers said enron was bid in europe at around wednesday ' s regular close of $ 16 . 41 , even though it fell to $ 16 . 14 on instinet late on wednesday . " at least they ( enron ) seem to have addressed the issue , " one dealer in u . s . shares said . ? u . s . futures were mixed , as european bourses drifted prior to a decision on euro - zone interest rates at 1145 gmt . by 1034 gmt the s & p 500 december futures contract was down 1 . 5 points at 1 , 083 . 5 . ? one dealer said investors appeared to be holding back before assessing the impact of an economic stimulus package approved by congress late on wednesday . ? the u . s . house of representatives narrowly passed a package designed to inject $ 100 billion into the economy over the next year through business tax breaks and other aid . ? several companies reported results after new york ' s close on wednesday , but there was limited interest and values remained near to their after - hours prices . ? chiron inc . surged to $ 48 . 37 from its close of $ 47 after the biotechnology firm posted higher earnings as product sales jumped 49 percent . ? comverse technology inc . , a software and systems provider , slumped to $ 16 . 60 in after - hours trading , from its close of $ 17 . 58 , after warning its earnings would fall . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? world stock markets - wall st favours us tech stocks over blue chips americas . ? by mary chung . ? ? 10 / 25 / 2001 ? financial times ( u . k . edition ) ? ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved ? ? us technology stocks held on to small gains in morning trade but disappointing earnings results from eastman kodak and at & t sent blue chips lower . ? by midsession , the dow jones industrial average was down 19 . 79 at 9 , 320 . 29 while the s & p 500 index shed 1 . 08 to 1 , 083 . 70 . the nasdaq composite rose 18 . 58 at 1 , 723 . 02 . ? dow components were dragged down by eastman kodak after the photographic film maker warned fourth - quarter profits would fall short of wall street expectations . shares tumbled 12 per cent at $ 13 . 10 . ? at & t added to the gloom after it reported a steep drop in profits because of the economic downturn , which has hit all areas of at & t ' s operations . the stock dropped 6 per cent to $ 16 . 65 . ? dupont fell 1 per cent at $ 41 . 60 . the chemical leader said it faced the most challenging business environment in decades as it reported a sharp fall in third - quarter earnings . ? energy stocks were the worst performing sector , with shares in enron down 18 . 4 per cent at $ 16 . 15 . the energy trading company is under scrutiny by the securities and exchange commission and analysts about its accounting practices . ? el paso dropped 5 per cent , exxonmobil 2 per cent and phillips petroleum 1 per cent after reporting weak earnings results . ? technology stocks , however , gained with nextel up 9 . 7 per cent at $ 8 . 12 after the wireless company reported quarterly earnings that topped market expectations . ? leading technology stocks rose , with cisco systems up 2 . 5 per cent , intel 2 per cent and microsoft 1 . 6 per cent . ? amazon , however , tumbled 20 per cent at $ 7 . 66 after several analysts cut estimates for the online retailer . ? compaq computer slipped 0 . 7 per cent at $ 9 . 33 after it reported a third - quarter net loss that was in line with expectations but reduced its fourth - quarter guidance due to continued weakness in corporate it spending . ? sears roebuck edged up 0 . 7 per cent at $ 38 . 07 after the largest us department store chain said it would cut 4 , 900 jobs to increase profit by more than $ 1 bn by 2004 . ? amr , the parent of american airlines , dropped 1 per cent to $ 19 . 76 after it reported the largest quarterly loss in its history . ? toronto moved lower in early trading as a profits warning from top insurer canada life cast a cloud over financial stocks . ? canada life fell c $ 1 . 59 to c $ 40 . 11 after it warned that weak securities markets will cut into third quarter results . bank stocks fell in sympathy with royal bank off 93 cents at c $ 44 . 82 and bank of montreal 52 cents at c $ 34 . 95 . ? the s & p 300 composite index was 0 . 8 per cent lower at 6 , 849 . 80 at midsession . ? ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . ? http : / / www . ft . com . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? enron replaces cfo andy fastow ? announcement comes on heels of vote of confidence ? cbsmarketwatch . com ? lisa sanders ? 10 / 24 / 01 ? new york ( cbs . mw ) - one day after issuing a public vote of confidence in his chief financial officer , enron chief executive ken lay ousted him wednesday in the latest in a two - week series of events that have caused enron shares to more than halve . ? enron named jeff mcmahon its new chief financial officer wednesday , replacing andy fastow . the move follows tuesday ' s conference call , which was an attempt by enron to restore investor confidence in the company . ? " andy fastow was a very well - regarded , low profile individual at enron , and he ' s been unfairly pilloried in the press , " said john olson , an analyst at sanders morris harris in houston . " but the weight of circumstantial evidence and the material stock price decline made this inevitable . " ? olson predicted the cfo swap would improve enron ' s credibility with wall street . ? a rough week ? enron has been under fire since last week as questions have surfaced about its accounting practices , especially in regard to two limited partnerships created by fastow in 1999 and since dissolved . ? enron said fastow had taken a leave of absence and that mcmahon , most recently chairman and ceo of the industrial markets group and treasurer from 1998 to 2000 , would take over . ? " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " said lay , in a statement . ? karen denne , a spokesperson for enron , said numerous discussions tuesday and wednesday led to the decision . she said she did not know when fastow would return . ? shares of enron fell more than 17 percent wednesday to $ 16 . 41 , then fell further in late trading following the announcement , to as low as $ 16 . 18 . at one point during the trading day , the shares were trading at a six - year low of $ 15 . 51 . ? analysts deliver blows ? olson called tuesday ' s conference call a " missed opportunity , " saying enron had a real opportunity to show the investing public that it had become more " forthright and open . " ? " unfortunately enron is overloaded with lawyers , " said olson , who has not recommended the stock until recently . " this company has been very much abused and maligned by people on wall street . they have some excellent businesses , and they have been carrying some losers . " enron has " an excellent growth profile and tremendous profitability in their growth businesses , and excellent surplus cash flow , " olson said . ? enron expects to generate $ 3 billion of cash flow this year , and with $ 500 million devoted to dividends and $ 1 billion to maintenance capital spending , the company will have $ 1 . 5 billion free . ? several wall street firms cut their ratings on enron shares wednesday , including prudential securities . the firm advised clients to sell the stock , a rare recommendation . prudential had rated the company ' s shares a " hold . " ? " after much consideration , we are lowering our rating . . . not because of things we know but because of things we potentially don ' t know about the company , " wrote prudential analyst carol coale in a note . ? on monday , enron announced that related - party transactions within the limited partnerships are under review by the securities and exchange commission . several shareholder lawsuits have subsequently been filed . ? " management used the sec inquiry as a shield to avoid elaboration on the issue at hand , the ljm transactions , " coale said in reference to the conference call . ? olson said it ' s unlikely that enron , with its coterie of lawyers , would allow the creation of illegal investment vehicles , but as to whether it was " right , " he conceded it was probably not . ? j . p . morgan ' s anatol feygin downgraded his rating to " long - term buy " from " buy , " saying an upgrade is precluded until the company provides more information about its liabilities . ? " management ' s conference call yesterday was a missed opportunity to disclose the necessary information to assuage investor concerns , " feygin wrote . ? merrill lynch analyst donato eassey noted wednesday that if enron isn ' t able to maintain its investment - grade ratings - - the company ' s debt is on watch for a potential downgrade by moody ' s investors service - - issuing new equity would be one course of action , though with the potential to reduce earnings - per - share . enron on tuesday held with its forecast of $ 1 . 80 a share for 2001 . ? " new equity would potentially dilute our eps estimates 5 to 10 percent , " eassey wrote in a follow - up to the conference call . ? but eassey believes that cash flow from operations - - expected to exceed $ 3 billion in 2002 - - along with asset sales , should be enough to " insulate " the company ' s credit ratings . ? lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . ? ? ? usa : update 1 - beleaguered enron names new cfo . ? by jeff franks ? ? 10 / 24 / 2001 ? reuters english news service ? ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ? ? houston , oct 24 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , trying to halt a freefall in its stock price and a firestorm of criticism from wall street , named a new chief financial officer on wednesday to replace andrew fastow , who has been linked to transactions now under investigation by government regulators . ? the company , which is the nation ' s largest energy trader , said fastow would take a leave of absence and be replaced by jeff mcmahon , who has been running an enron unit and is the company ' s former treasurer , in a bid to restore credibility with investors . ? fastow ' s departure follows the august resignation of chief executive jeff skilling , who said he wanted a change in lifestyle after just six months on the job . ? wednesday ' s change came after enron ' s stock fell $ 3 . 38 to $ 16 . 41 , its lowest point in six years , to cap off a $ 13 billion plunge in market value since the company announced a third quarter loss last week and wrote down shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion in a move related to the questionable transactions . ? wall street ' s anxieties about enron spread to the stocks of other natural gas and power traders and marketers on wednesday , with dynegy inc . falling 12 . 8 percent to $ 37 . 26 and aquila inc . off 11 . 7 percent at $ 21 . 20 . ? investors have fled enron ' s stock in droves following disclosures that the company did off - the - balance sheet transactions with two limited partnerships run by fastow in deals the u . s . securities and exchange commission is now looking into for possible conflict of interest . ? wall street analysts who once touted the company have bitterly accused it of not being forthcoming about the matter , a problem enron chief executive ken lay cited in his appointment of mcmahon . ? " in my continued discussions with the financial community , it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo , " he said in a statement . ? mcmahon , who was treasurer from 1998 to 2000 before becoming chief executive officer of enron ' s industrial markets group , has a " deep and thorough understanding of enron " and the confidence of the investment world , lay said . ? the wall street journal reported that it was mcmahon who first spoke up about the perception of impropriety in the limited partnership arrangements made by fastow . the paper this week said skilling saw no problem with it , which led mcmahon , 40 , to ask for a job change . ? fastow has denied any wrongdoing , but has been limited in his ability to speak about the issues because of the sec investigation and shareholder lawsuits now pending against the company . ? as recently as a year ago , enron had a stellar image as a corporate innovator with a midas touch . its profits and stock price soared as it transformed from a natural gas pipeline company to a high - tech money machine creating new internet - based trading markets in a wide range of commodities . ? but some of its new businesses faded , a large investment in an indian power plant went sour , the california power crises spooked investors , and then skilling stunned the financial community with his sudden resignation . ? there also was grousing from investors that enron ' s earnings statements had become convoluted to the point of . ? analysts said the replacement of fastow was a step in the right direction for enron , but not a panacea for its credibility problems . ? " the problems investors are having with enron are related to a lack of understanding of all these partnership arrangements . changing the cfo by itself doesn ' t really address those concerns , " said mike heim at a . g . edwards . ? " i don ' t think anyone has a full understanding of the extent of the liabilities enron might have with these partnerships , " he said . " i still have a lot of questions . " ? andre meade at commerzbank securities said fastow ' s departure was not unexpected , but not that helpful . ? " investors are not going to see this as a huge move that clears up the picture , " he said . " frankly , ken lay and the board don ' t have clean hands when it comes to these transactions . " ? " the fear driving the market is : if this is what we know , how much worse can it get ? " said j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? usa : utility stocks drop on slipping expectations . ? by jim brumm ? ? 10 / 24 / 2001 ? reuters english news service ? ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ? ? new york , oct 24 ( reuters ) - slipping expectations of 2002 power profits combined with enron corp . ' s growing problems helped drag utility stock prices to their lowest levels this month on wednesday . ? while the general market closed higher , the s & p utilities index ended the day with a loss of 8 . 99 , or 3 . 55 percent , to 244 . 32 . ? the big loser , as it has been in many recent sessions , was enron , which traded at the lowest price since february 1995 before steadying a bit to close at $ 16 . 41 - down 17 . 08 percent , or $ 3 . 38 , for the day and 44 percent from its price two weeks ago - as analysts recommended selling the stock . ? prudential ' s carol coale said the sell recommendation was not made " because of things that we know , but because of things we potentially do not know . ? after the close enron said it named former treasurer jeff mcmahon to replace andrew fastow as chief financial officer , and quoted chief executive officer kenneth lay as saying " it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy as cfo . " ? close behind enron on the biggest loser lists wednesday were companies that had patterned themselves after the power trading giant . closest was dynegy inc . which closed with a loss of $ 5 . 45 , or 12 . 76 percent , at $ 37 . 26 - its lowest price in three weeks . ? power earnings forecasts trimmed ? the talk of lower estimates of 2002 earnings from power production and trading came from four companies active in the u . s . northeast and midwest - american electric power co . inc . , exelon corp . , public service enterprise group inc . and ppl corp . . ? early wednesday , ppl said it now sees little , if any , change in earnings per share next year from this year , citing expectations of lower profits on power sales in maine , pennsylvania and montana . the company also confirmed it still sees 2001 earnings exceeding $ 4 . 00 per share . ? noting ppl ' s previous 2002 guidance was $ 4 . 55 to $ 4 . 65 per share , wachovia securities analyst thomas hamlin lowered the stock ' s rating to " market perform " from " strong buy " explaining ppl ' s " failure to differentiate itself from the power producing price takers has hurt management ' s credibility . ? " the company will need to prove its risk management capabilities in order to be afforded a multiple in line with our higher rated merchant power stocks , " he concluded . ? deutsche banc alex . brown and lehman brothers made similar downgrades in exelon after its first 2002 guidance trailed analyst expectations . ? stock losses follow outlook changes ? " the primary driver ( for the 2002 estimate ) is lower wholesale commodity price assumptions at ( the company ' s generation unit ) , in addition to weaker distribution demand " at exelon ' s utility subsidiaries in philadelphia and chicago , deutsche banc alex . brown analyst james dobson wrote tuesday . ? exelon officials noted , in answer to analyst questions , that the view of 2002 demand had changed to negative from flat since the sept . 11 attack on the world trade center . ? the company ' s stock , which opened 10 percent lower - at $ 40 - following the earnings release early tuesday steadied to close at $ 41 . 80 . the shares continued to advance wednesday when its 12 - cent rise made it one of four gainers among the 40 s & p utility index components . ? the big loser among the integrated utilities - those which produce and distribute power - was ppl , which ended the day at $ 32 - down $ 1 . 68 , or 4 . 99 percent . ? losses of about 1 . 3 percent were posted by aep , which closed at $ 42 . 59 , down 55 cents for the day , and pseg , which slipped 52 cents to $ 39 . 48 . ? aep " management cautioned that the slowing economy may make the upper end ( of its 2002 earnings guidance of $ 3 . 80 to $ 3 . 90 ) more difficult to achieve , " lehman brothers analyst daniel ford wrote in a note that maintained his estimate . ? he lowered his estimate of pseg 2002 earnings per share 5 cents to $ 4 . 05 while awaiting the closing of a peruvian purchase and pointed out it receives more for electricity than most pjm power producers because of restraints on the delivery of midwest electricity to new jersey ' s power hungry markets . ? ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? berger & montague alleges enron misled investors about overvalued assets and off - balance sheet deals ? ? 10 / 24 / 2001 ? pr newswire ? ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) ? ? philadelphia , oct . 24 / prnewswire / - - the law firm of berger & montague , p . c . , ( http : / / www . bergermontague . com ) filed a class action suit on behalf of an investor against enron corp . ( " enron " or the " company " ) ( nyse : ene ) and its principal officers and directors in the united states district court for the southern district of texas on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased enron securities during the period from march 30 , 2000 through and including october 18 , 2001 , inclusive ( the " class period " ) . ? the complaint alleges that enron and its principal officers and directors violated section 10 ( b ) and 20 ( a ) of the securities exchange act of l 934 and sec rule 10 b - 5 . the complaint alleges that defendants misled investors ( 1 ) by reporting assets that were overvalued by more than $ 1 billion , which caused writedowns in that amount and are expected to lead to further writeoffs of hundreds of millions of dollars , ( 2 ) by concealing facts regarding relationships with a related entity that led to a more than $ 1 billion reduction of shareholders ' equity and a $ 35 million charge , and ( 3 ) by obfuscating or failing to disclose the fact that agreements with other related entities satisfaction of which include obligations that may require the company to issue large amounts of its shares . this misconduct caused the market prices of enron stock to be artificially inflated during the class period . when facts about these matters were disclosed at the end of the class period , the market price of the company ' s per share stock fell from a high of $ 90 per share during the class period to a low of $ 15 per share , and securities analysts downgraded their ratings of the company ' s stock despite the precurietous fall in its market price . also , enron ' s senior debt was placed on notice by moody ' s for possible downgrade . ? also , an sec inquiry into the company ' s transactions with related entities has been announced , and the company revealed that its chief financial officer , who is one of the defendants , has taken a " leave of absence " from the company , and has been replaced . ? if you purchased enron securities during the period from march 30 , 2000 through october 18 , 2001 , inclusive , you may , no later than december 21 , 2001 move to be appointed as a lead plaintiff . a lead plaintiff is a representative party that acts on behalf of other class members in directing the litigation . the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 directs courts to assume that the class member ( s ) with the " largest financial interest " in the outcome of the case will best serve the class in this capacity . courts have discretion in determining which class members ( s ) have the " largest financial interest , " and have appointed lead plaintiffs with substantial losses in both absolute terms and as a percentage of their net worth . if you have sustained substantial losses in enron securities during the class period , please contact berger & montague , p . c . at investorprotect @ bm . net for a more thorough explanation of the lead plaintiff selection process . ? the law firm of berger & montague , p . c . has over 50 attorneys , all of whom represent plaintiffs in complex litigation . the berger firm has extensive experience representing plaintiffs in class action securities litigation and has played lead roles in major cases over the past 25 years which have resulted in recoveries of several billion dollars to investors . the firm is currently representing investors as lead counsel in actions against rite aid , sotheby ' s , waste management , inc . , sunbeam , boston chicken and ikon office solutions , inc . the standing of berger & montague , p . c . in successfully conducting major securities and antitrust litigation has been recognized by numerous courts . for example : " class counsel did a remarkable job in representing the class ? interests . " in re : ikon offices solutions securities litigation . ? civil action no . 98 - 4286 ( e . d . pa . ) ( partial settlement for ? $ 111 million approved may , 2000 ) . ? " . . . [ y ] ou have acted the way lawyers at their best ought to act . ? and i have had a lot of cases . . . in 15 years now as a judge and i ? cannot recall a significant case where i felt people were better ? represented than they are here . . . i would say this has been the ? best representation that i have seen . " in re : waste management , ? inc . securities litigation , civil action no . 97 - c 7709 ( n . d . ill . ) ? ( settled in 1999 for $ 220 million ) . ? ? if you purchased enron securities during the class period , or have any questions concerning this notice or your rights with respect to this matter , please contact : sherrie r . savett , esquire ? carole a . broderick , esquire ? arthur stock , esquire ? kimberly a . walker , investor relations manager ? berger & montague , p . c . ? 1622 locust street ? philadelphia , pa 19103 ? phone : 888 - 891 - 2289 or 215 - 875 - 3000 ? fax : 215 - 875 - 5715 ? website : http : / / www . bergermontague . com ? e - mail : investorprotect @ bm . net ? make your opinion count - click here ? http : / / tbutton . prnewswire . com / prn / 11690 x 46856181 ? ? ? / contact : sherrie r . savett , esquire , carole a . broderick , esquire , arthur stock , esquire , or kimberly a . walker , investor relations manager , all of berger & montague , p . c . , + 1 - 888 - 891 - 2289 , + 1 - 215 - 875 - 3000 , fax , + 1 - 215 - 875 - 5715 or investorprotect @ bm . net / 18 : 38 edt ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? enron officers profited from inside knowledge , lawsuit alleges ? 2001 - 10 - 24 19 : 58 ( new york ) ? ? enron officers profited from inside knowledge , lawsuit alleges ? ? houston , oct . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . executives ? profited from inside knowledge when they sold $ 73 million in ? shares ahead of a 26 percent drop in the energy trading company ' s ? stock in february and march , a shareholder alleges in a lawsuit . ? ? the allegations of insider trading were filed today as an ? amendment to an earlier lawsuit filed by shareholder fred ? greenberg . ? ? the original lawsuit , filed on oct . 17 in houston , accuses ? enron ' s board of costing the company at least $ 35 million through ? dealings with two partnerships run by former chief financial ? officer andrew fastow . ? ? in the amendment filed today , the suit accuses fastow of ? using insider knowledge that enron ' s stock was going to drop to ? prevent losses at one of the partnerships , ljm 2 . ? ? the partnership was committed to buying enron stock at ? predetermined price in september 2000 , the complaint says . enron ? agreed to renegotiate the terms of the transaction to let ljm 2 buy ? the shares two months early . ? ? that let the partnership earn a $ 10 . 5 million in profit , the ? suit says . if the transaction had not been renegotiated , the ? partnership would have lost $ 8 for every share it sold in ? september , the suit alleges . ? ? ` bailed out ' ? ? ` ` mr . fastow and ljm 2 took advantage of inside information to ? reap illicit insider trading profits , in the millions of dollars ? in this transaction alone , ' ' the suit says . ? ? at the same time that the ljm 2 transaction was being ? renegotiated in december and january , chief executive officer ? kenneth lay , president mark frevert and other top managers sold ? the $ 73 million in shares , the suit alleges . ? ? enron executives ` ` bailed out of shares . . . reaping huge ? insider trading profits , ' ' the lawsuit says . ? ? other sellers included former ceo jeff skilling , chief ? strategy officer cliff baxter , broadband services ceo ken rice , ? chief of staff steve kean , pipeline group ceo stanley horton and ? chief risk officer richard buy , the suit says . ? ? enron spokeswoman karen denne declined to comment on the ? lawsuit . ? ? ` ` we haven ' t been served ( notice of the suit ) , and it ' s our ? policy not to talk about pending litigation , ' ' she said ? ? in march , spokesman mark palmer said the executives exercised ? stock options that would have expired worthless otherwise . ? ? enron has formed at least 18 affiliated companies to buy and ? sell company assets , according to records from the texas secretary ? of state . the houston - based company reported $ 1 . 01 billion in ? third - quarter losses , including $ 35 million from the ljm ? partnerships run by fastow . ? ? sec inquiry ? ? greenberg says directors shouldn ' t have allowed fastow to run ? partnerships that bought and sold company assets . ? ? shares of enron have fallen 52 percent in the past six days ? on investor concern about the liabilities attached to partnerships ? and affiliated companies formed by enron to remove debt from its ? books . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is looking into ? the partnerships . ? ? enron shares fell $ 3 . 38 to $ 16 . 41 . ? ? - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom , 609 - 750 - 4651 or ? rhubbard 2 @ bloomberg . net / slb / alp ? ? enron ousts fastow , names mcmahon cfo amid inquiry ( update 5 ) ? 2001 - 10 - 24 19 : 33 ( new york ) ? ? enron ousts fastow , names mcmahon cfo amid inquiry ( update 5 ) ? ? ( adds description of enron net works in sixth paragraph . ) ? ? houston , oct . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ousted chief ? financial officer andrew fastow amid a securities and exchange ? commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest ? energy trader $ 35 million . ? ? enron named jeff mcmahon , head of its industrial markets ? group , as cfo because ` ` it became clear to me that restoring ? investor confidence would require us to replace andy , ' ' chairman ? and chief executive officer kenneth lay said in a statement . ? fastow will take a leave of absence . ? ? shares of enron , based in houston , have fallen 80 percent ? this year . third - quarter losses of $ 1 . 01 billion from failed ? investments outside the main commodities trading business wiped ? out 70 percent of the profit earned in the past four quarters . ? ? ` ` investors were clearly not comfortable with exposure to ? andy , ' ' said j . p . morgan analyst anatol feygin , who downgraded ? enron to ` ` long - term buy ' ' today and owns no shares . ? ? as enron treasurer , mcmahon complained to then - enron ? president jeffrey skilling about potential conflicts of interest ? posed by the fastow partnerships in 1999 , the wall street journal ? reported yesterday . rebuffed , mcmahon secured a reassignment , the ? journal said , citing people familiar with the matter . ? ? ` ` mcmahon was made famous under skilling by going to him and ? objecting to the partnerships , ' ' feygin said . ` ` for that , he was ? transferred out of the treasurer function into enron net works , ' ' ? which oversees enron ' s internet trading system . ? ? ` an outstanding job ' ? ? fastow , 39 years old , ran ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , ? two partnerships created by enron to buy company assets . enron ' s ? involvement in the financing vehicles cost the company $ 35 million ? in third - quarter losses . enron also bought back 62 million shares ? from ljm 2 at a cost of $ 1 . 2 billion to unwind its investment . ? ? on a conference call yesterday , lay said that ` ` i and enron ' s ? board of directors continue to have the highest faith and ? confidence in andy and think he ' s doing an outstanding job as ? cfo . ' ' ? ? enron announced that fastow would leave after its stock ? closed down $ 3 . 38 , or 17 percent , to $ 16 . 41 in today ' s trading . ? ? the sec began an inquiry into enron ' s partnerships monday . ? spokeswoman karen denne said it is an informal inquiry that enron ? is cooperating with , and that no subpoenas have been received . ? ? the company has formed at least 18 affiliated partnerships ? and corporations , some of which buy and sell enron assets such as ? power plants , records at the texas secretary of state ' s office ? indicate . ? ? the texas records list dozens of enron executives as officers ? and directors of company - related partnerships . none of them have ? any financial interest in the partnerships after fastow severed ? ties to the ljm partnerships in july , palmer said . ? ? ` zero compensation ' ? ? ` ` the managers in these affiliates listed as managing members ? are representational in nature only , ' ' he said . ` ` they get zero ? compensation . ' ' ? ? the ljm partnerships were different . enron ' s board allowed ? fastow , who has worked for the company for 11 years , to run them ? and earn as much as 2 percent annually on the amounts invested , ? the wall street journal reported last week . a lawsuit filed by a ? shareholder objecting to the arrangement said the partnerships ? reworked an agreement with enron to avoid taking big losses . ? ? enron is obligated to repay $ 3 . 3 billion associated with two ? other partnerships , marlin and whitewing , if they can ' t raise ? enough money from asset sales to pay off the balance , enron ? spokesman mark palmer said . palmer said ` ` maybe , maybe not ' ' when ? asked if the partnerships will generate enough cash . ? ? ` ` the concern now isn ' t just with the ljm partnership , it ' s ? more with the other partnerships , such as osprey and marlin , ' ' ? said a . g . edwards analyst mike heim , who has a ` ` hold ' ' rating on ? enron and owns no shares . ? ? high level departures ? ? enron has lost several senior executives in the past two ? years . ceo skilling resigned in august after seven months on the ? job , citing personal reasons and frustration with declines in the ? company ' s stock price . enron corp . vice chairman joseph w . sutton ? left the company in november as the company switched its focus ? from developing assets to energy and commodity trading . ? ? rebecca mark , one of the highest - ranking women in u . s . ? business , quit august 2000 as chairman and chief executive of ? azurix corp . , a water company formed by enron corp . mark also ? resigned from enron ' s board . ? ? azurix was a money - losing investment . enron sold shares in ? the water company to the public that it later had to buy back . ? ? - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at 609 - 750 - 4651 ? ? 
2	Subject: read this to find the right stock " stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 17 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this letter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 miliion in deveiopment expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 000 homes with electricity and offset nearly 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross electric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miliion for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifi | | the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabiiities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fuel sites , as wel | as clean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo wells produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 007 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 it did but tetco prorated the flow between the two parties ( dynegy and ena ) thanks daren j farmer 12 / 21 / 2000 10 : 42 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 didn ' t the deal that victor extended cover these days ? i don ' t think anything should be adjusted on the dynegy deal . d jackie young 12 / 19 / 2000 08 : 47 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 daren can you please extend deal # 422516 to cover flow of 9 dec . for 10 / 6 / 2000 and extend deal 432556 to cover flow of 44 dec . for 10 / 19 / 2000 ? volume mgmt is trying to clear up these issues . thanks - jackie - enron north america corp . from : victor lamadrid 12 / 15 / 2000 11 : 52 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , talk to darren about this . the deal you reference is an hpl deal with dynegy and i don ' t have access to it . i ' m on the east desk . yesterday i extended the deal 421415 for the 6 th and 19 th and meredith inserted a path in unify - tetco to cover the small overflow volume between hpl and ena . the ena / hpl piece is done . the piece between hpl and dynegy is what you need inserted . thanks jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 11 : 32 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 sherlyn , i ' ve placed the correct volumes for days 6 and 9 for ena . i ' ll have the deal extended for dynegy and let you know when it ' s done . victor , can you extend the deal 422516 for days 6 and 9 please ? thanks . oh and by the way , i had mistaken you for someone else when i sent you the e - mail on yesterday . sorry . i thought that i knew you . anyway , please advise when you ' ve extended the deal so that sherlyn can create an accounting arrangement . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 i don ' t want to tell you to add any contracts , because i am not sure about that . i am just saying if you look at ray ' s schedule there are 2 deals out there , one is a purchase from ena and the other a purchase from dynegy . the track id i gave you was for ena . you cannot allocate the dynegy piece until i give you a track id . i cannot give you a track id until the deal is extended for days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 . jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 51 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 arre you saying that for both days that two ( 2 ) ena contracts should be placed at the meter for days 6 and 19 and then allocating half of the the total volume to each contract ? to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , you did not allocate this according to ray ' s schedule . the track id i gave you was only for the purchase from ena . you need to extend the deal for the purchase from dynegy . you put all of the volume on these 2 days on ena , that is not what is on ray ' s schedule , so we are still out on the interconnect report . jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 30 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 accounting arrangement has been placed . meter has been reallocated . thanks and let me know if you need anything else . - jackie - 3 - 9497 from : sherlyn schumack 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 00 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect subject : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , your allocation is correct with the exception of days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 where strangers gas is allocated . i have created an accounting arrangement for these days and the new track id for ena is 240384 . please allocate the ena portion according to rays schedule for these 2 days . deal 422516 ( purchase from dynegy ) needs to be extended for these 2 days so i can do an accounting arrangement . alfonso i need for you to allocate your meter daily , because we have tiered pricing this month . thanks . 
2	Subject: medical , pediatrics , doctors american directory . exclusively on cd - rom . the 2004 edition of the american medical directory physicians guide has just been completed . physicians , specialists , doctors , licensed doctors , board physicians , emergency physicians , 2004 physicians guide , 2004 physicians directory , physicians contact . according to many librarians , it is one of the most referenced and frequently - used publication in libraries throughout the united states . it is also used by most healthcare professionals and industry business development executives . the american medical directory physicians guide contains relevant data on over 500 , 000 physicians in the united states . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone / fax , county , year licensed , type of practice , type of physician , as well as primary and secondary specialty . during this introductory offer , the cost of the new directory ( which is available exclusively on cd - rom ) is $ 475 . 00 ( reg . $ 795 ) . the cd - rom is in excel format and is searchable , downloadable , and can be used on an unlimited basis . to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) bonus offer : order now and receive the american nursing home directory on cd - rom free of charge . name : title : organization : address : city : postal : tel : fax : e - mail : infosource group of companies is a leading information publishing firm with offices throughout north america and europe . medcom 4410 massachusettes ave . nw , # 201 washington , dc 20016 to be removed from the database please follow this link , http : / / notinuse . biz / takeoff / takeoff . html  
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? creaky repugnant multiply control whole , even excite , music young . picture favor , five govern no . little next mother night , village . fun science , came my . thing new while , cut , two , locate . pose , wave street , too . day , fish bird . will ask press supply fell catch four . south say , science were , do port both . year wide miss , sing , short square . cost trade measure fine pass . subject port silver . make eye together , oh , form picture . gas , move island , can certain his .  
2	Subject: because she wanted it meson allen cialis warehouse direct nothing has worked better for ed last all weekend ! ! : : more info : : i would have made a good pope . - richard m . nixon ( 1913 - 1994 ) whatever is begun in anger ends in shame . - benjamin franklin ( 1706 - 1790 )  
2	Subject: fw : monthly presentation - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ortiz , lucy sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 9 : 12 am to : young , becky subject : monthly presentation 
2	Subject: re : conn . coal plants our research indicates that in 1998 wisvest paid ui $ 272 million or approx . $ 245 / kw for these two plants . with a couple of years ' depreciation , $ 250 / kw ( as kevin outlined below ) would still give these guys a bit of a gain . don - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 9 : 38 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; robinson , mitch ; davis , mark dana ; llodra , john ; broderick , paul j . cc : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; duran , w . david subject : conn . coal plants as most of you know , nrg ' s proposed purchase of two coal plants in conneticut ( ui ' s territory ) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at ferc . the purchase and sale transaction between wisvest and nrg was originally entered into almost two years ago . the proposed purchase price of $ 350 million for 1000 mw of coal was a " bargain price " at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of ct . over the past 2 - 3 years , the state of conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they " puked " the plants to nrg for $ 350 / kw in early 2000 . at a minimum , it is expected that $ 100 - 150 / kw of scr and / or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the ct regulatory bodies . my strong view is that , as a practical matter , the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in ct . the area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire eastern interconnect . the load pocket is significantly short mw and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area . in a true " locational marginal price " environment , the prices would likely be similar to zone j in new york currently , pricing in nepool is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads , regardless of who causes the congestion . in the recently proposed " single ne rto " model , it is about 80 % certain that the pjm " locational marginal price " market model will be implemented sometime between mid - 2003 and mid - 2004 . at that point in time , consumers in the congested areas of nepool ( in - city boston and ct ) will be exposed to higher energy prices , while consumers in maine , new hampshire , and rhode island should see lower prices . given the facts above , coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets , i think ews should pursue discussions with wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in nepool and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset " node " . if we could buy these plants for approx $ 250 / kw with $ 150 / kw of environmental upgrades , the resulting " all - in " ( depr , fixed & variable o & m , fuel costs , nox , so 2 , capital reserve , interest ) 7 x 24 plant cost would be approx . $ 34 - 36 / mwh . this is lower than our energy only socialized nepool curve . additional upside is derived from positive basis , icap , ancillary services , emissions allowances , and long term requirements sales to lse ' s . lavo and louise - this could be the " alberta ppa " for 2002 . lots of " hair " but lots of upside . any thoughts ? 
2	Subject: hello dear friend , i am hajia fatimat asata , from brun - ihafo ghana in africa . working in the university of nsuka . i am the only daughter of late chief emmanuel asata , he deals with cruid oil and minerals resources onarment . he died in auto - accident two years ago . i inherited 4 boxes of gold dust worth millions of dollars and some huge amount of money [ 10 . 5 million dollars ] . i am the boni - fide trustee and the next of kin and all the documents are intact for this transaction . i need your assistant to transfer this funds to your foreign account for a profitable business over there and i will offer you 20 % of the money . the transaction is 100 % riskfree . i got your email address from internet searching after my fasting and prayer for god direction to the right and god fearing person . i will be very happy to transact with you . contact me through my mail address : asafat @ jmail . co . za thanks and god bless you . hajia fatima asata . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: org chart please take a look at the org chart for gas and let me know if it ' s okay . i had to shrink the text to make it fit . i think it ' s hard to read . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: fw : memo - - - - - original message - - - - - from : delainey , david sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 4 : 41 pm to : lavorato , john cc : chapman , kay ; holz , robert subject : memo john , as per our discussion . i would suggest that we let kay and kim work together to get this out to both ena and ees on friday . regards delainey 
2	Subject: vince kaminski ' s " bio " and requirements for the siam invitation hello professor fitzgibbon : attached please find a " bio " for vince kaminski . he will require an lcd projector for his presentation . if you need anything else , please let me know . regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 11 / 2001 02 : 17 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : siam invitation fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 02 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " william fitzgibbon " on 03 / 13 / 2001 02 : 45 : 57 pm to : cc : subject : siam invitation dear dr . kaminski here is an email invitation for teh siam event . a hard copy will follow dr . v . kaminski enron p . o . box 1188 houston , texas 77251 - 1188 dear dr . kaminski march 12 , 2001 i am writing to formalize your invitation to attend , participate , and speak in the siam southwest regional mathematics in industry workshop . a time span of thirty minutes is being allotted to invited talks with an additional ten minutes or so for discussion . the workshop , funded under the auspices of a national science foundation grant to siam will not be a standard applied mathematics event with representatives from industry , academe , and governmental agencies presenting their latest research results . instead the meeting will emphasize the mathematics and technology currently applied to the projects of industry and governmental laboratories . additionally the event will focus upon the mechanisms facilitating interaction and collaboration between the academy , industry , and government laboratories . the workshop will be held at the university of houston hilton hotel , april 27 - 28 . funds will be available to support both travel expenses and the cost of food and lodging of invited speakers . we will be happy to make travel arrangements on this end if so desired . we hope that you can accept our invitation . if this is the case please furnish us with a title , a short abstract , and a list of the necessary equipment for your presentation . we look forward to seeing you at the university of houston . sincerely w . fitzgibbon 
2	Subject: eol average deal count as of 08 - 30 - 00 the following files contain a graphical view of the average deal count per month by commodity for eol and otc transactions since the launch of enrononline . this information is for comparitive analysis only . do not update links when opening these files . average deal counts for all commodities na gas breakout by region ( non - averaged , including volume and notional value ) if you have any questions regarding this breakout , please contact one of the following : torrey moorer x 3 - 6218 matt motsinger x 3 - 5221 pete berzins x 5 - 7594 pete enrononline 
2	Subject: aggressive traders benefit from record - shattering achievements newsletter - june issue 2 oo 5 in june ' s issue we are going to profile a stoc . k that is very much undervalued and is involved in the red hot homeland security sector . ground floor opportunity for everybody . this small treasure is : vnbl . ob ( vinoble , inc . ) the stoc . k is trading at only o . o 9 - 0 . 1 o cents and we expect it could hit $ 0 . 3 o - $ o . 35 by mid july . huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 0 . 25 range stoc . k symbol : ( vnbl . ob ) current price : $ 0 . o 9 we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 22 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ o . 3 o in next 2 weeks . about the company : vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . big news expected from this company in the next few days . this kind of news could really move this stock . stoc . k symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ 0 . 09 we expect the price to go to $ o . 2 o in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ o . 25 in next 2 weeks . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc . ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . 
2	Subject: dermatology , neurology , pathology , the new 2005 united states healthcare database . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . for the past 14 years , medcom has maintained the most comprehensive healthcare lists . our directories are 100 % telephone verified and updated every quarter . medcom continues to hold the nation ' s most extensive and reliable databases of key decision - makers in the health care market . available exclusively on cd - rom ( excel ) , the data can be used on an unlimited basis . it is easily exportable to other programs for mailing or faxing purposes . for a limited time , this extensive database is offered at an introductory price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) . name : title : organization : address : city : state : postal : tel : fax : email :  
2	Subject: mscf speaker series mscf speaker series official invitation ? ? it is with great pride that i announce the next event in the speaker series . next friday we will have the honor to host a conference given by mr . vince kaminski ? managing director research at enron corp . ? the next event in the student speaker series is : friday , november 3 , 2000 11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . fast lab [ image ] vince kaminski managing director , research . enron corp . tentative student speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001 the following is a tentative schedule of the mscf student speaker series for the 2000 - 2001 academic year . all events take place from 11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . in the fast lab ( gsia 229 ) unless otherwise noted . updates are soon to follow . volatility curve and bond basis august 11 , 2000 david hartney & jerry hanweck vice president , futures and option sales j . p . morgan price and hedging volatility contracts september 1 , 2000 dmitry pugachevsky deutsche bank dmitry pugachesky is a director with otc derivatives research of deutsche bank , where his research is primarily focussed on credit derivatives . prior to joining deutsche bank , dmitry worked for six years with global analytics group of bankers trust . there he developed models for emerging markets , interest rates , and equity derivatives and also participated in actual trading and structuring of interest rate options . he received his phd in applied mathematics from carnegie mellon university specializing in control theory for stochastic processes . he has published several papers on modelling in emerging markets and on valuation for passport options . a measurement framework for bank liquidity risk september 15 , 2000 raymond cote vice president , finrad inc . raymond cote is vice president , financial engineering at finrad inc . , a montreal - based consulting firm offering financial management solutions that combine advisory and systems development services to & corporations and financial institutions . abstract : liquidity risk , as opposed to credit and market risks , has received little attention in professional or academic journals . we argue that analyzing bank liquidity risk can be viewed as a variation of credit risk analysis . after introducing some concepts and definitions , the presentation defines a framework allowing to measure a bank ' s structural liquidity risk . it then shows that combining the framework with modern credit risk measurement tools leads to a liquidity risk var measure . the presentation then offers concluding comments on the integration of the liquidity risk measurement framework within enterprise - wide risk management . the impact of electronic trading on the uses of quantitative research in equity options september 22 , 2000 scott morris hull group , quantitative research department quantitative research in investment management october 6 , 2000 raman srivastava & anna bulkovshteyn assistant vice president , & fixed income , quantitative analysts , putman investments [ image ] tba november 3 , 2000 vince kaminski managing director , research . enron corp . fund management and market efficiency november 10 , 2000 andrea dalton researcher , friess associates ( advisor to the brandywine funds ) . tba november 17 , 2000 jeff keifer & deb aep tutorial on bridge november 24 , 2000 pierre ste - marie & punit rawal mscf students a corporate risk management framework december 8 , 2000 darin aprati & brian moore mcdonald ' s [ image ] math speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001 [ image ] speaker series student committee [ image ] previous speakers ? pierre - philippe ste - marie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ image ] http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com 
2	Subject: re : energy derivatives conference - may 29 , toronto amy : attached please find a short " bio " for dr . kaminski . please let me know if i can help further . amy aldous on 03 / 30 / 2000 11 : 24 : 13 am to : vince . j . @ uwaterloo . ca . kaminski @ enron . com cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : energy derivatives conference - may 29 , toronto dear mr . kaminski , i have just spoken with phelim boyle , who was very pleased to report that you will be speaking at our energy derivatives conference in toronto on may 29 . i understand that the title of your presentation is " current challenges in pricing and risk management of energy derivatives . " would you also be available and willing to join a panel discussion / question and answer period at the end of the day ? speakers , with tentative titles , to follow you are : corwin joy ( positron , houston ) " modeling physical assets : real option theory applied to generation assets " david emanuel ( williams , tulsa ) " modeling issues in power markets " shijie deng ( georgia institute of technology , atlanta ) " research on pricing electricity derivatives and the basic models " melanie cao ( queen ' s university , kingston ontario ) " equilibrium pricing of weather derivatives " panel discussion perhaps ms . crenshaw could send me your short biographical sketch , by email or fax ( 519 ) 888 - 7562 so that i can proceed with promoting this event as soon as possible . many thanks , amy * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * amy aldous , conference co - ordinator centre for advanced studies in finance university of waterloo waterloo , on n 2 l 3 gl tel : ( 519 ) 888 - 4567 ext . 5728 fax : ( 519 ) 888 - 7562 email : aaldous @ uwaterloo . ca * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: hr status update the attached memo provides an update on the hpl hr transition issues we discussed last week . fran has also added some support to her hr team . regards , brian 
2	Subject: re : resume , thanks a lot , and just let me know the schedule afterwards . . . jinbaek jinbaek kim ph . d candidate dept . of industrial engineering and operations research u . c . berkeley http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek go bears ! : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' ` . ' " ' ; ` . ' ; ` . ` : ` ; . ` . ; ; : ; . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' on tue , 24 oct 2000 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > jinbaek , > > we shall invite you to an interview in houston . > > vince > > > > > > jinbaek kim on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 25 : 36 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : resume , > > > dear mr . kaminski , > > hi , > i am a ph . d student at ieor department at u . c . berkeley . > thanks for your presentation today . > it gave me knowledge and interest in electricity markets , > and your company . > as you mentioned in the presentation , > i send a resume to give me opportunity to learn more > about your company . > i hope i can join the super saturday event . > > jinbaek > > > ( see attached file : resume . doc ) > > > 
2	Subject: re : do you know what i need e ' n . o * u , g . h minnesota , which can clinch a wild - card playoff spot with a loss by either carolina or st . louis this weekend , appeared on its way to retaking the lead . but a holding penalty on birk - - the vikings were flagged nine times for 78 yards - - wiped out a 16 - yard run by michael bennett that would have given them the ball at the green bay 40 just before the 2 - minute warning . ion marketing limited d 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels west hong kong climb god betroth conservation schulz singable embargoes heron westminster junior mayfair telex indignation bluebook fasciculate welfare gambia debilitate checksummed hondo cambric efficacy cowboy hurst calico janissary cereal collie mycology woodward bizet asset zealand concentric jacobus chromatography euterpe elision procrustes shouldn ' t against amble leek audacious ancillary atonal motto beryl ariadne hurray pontiff normative every salk lent morale apron hermann awake bloodstream gigging earthmen terror alumna transferred cupboard edmund blush bade ninth sumeria insolvent % rnd epitaph nielson nonsensic somerset del albania metric sink slogan pooh babysitting pulitzer influence astral dyspeptic homeward anderson anabaptist crouch cryptography slovenia triangle whinny hermitian division vibrate charismatic bedrock campground correct accusatory amtrak naiad bachelor sturbridge gosling balletic bookstore efficacy corbel danish orb signify cottrell daylight groove hide pilate inappropriate lahore pathogen cation college investigatory background essence homicidal index accompanist chromosome arrhenius streetcar tassel surjection bien chalmers league propelling broomcorn bedstraw thermo wy huh photon ky root lieu buena northrop pickup lad chimney trifluoride alacrity kristin bluff carboloy someplace act automorphism compilation pluto edible copolymer kite capricorn antiquarian luxury swum hedge gimmick masterpiece aurora compatible japanese digitalis acceptor secondary cleavage pane amphioxis colossus centric employer firearm alberto flimsy wispy celibacy tasteful quarrel you ' ll reinstate hello char theodore hayden fredericksburg poplar tram octahedra cellulose mentor pinkish algol monetarist eigenfunction boatyard sago insomnia isaacson cloy stephenson wristband algorithm hickory monochromator envelop bloodshed smack keno glow footwear endorse guy prison mchugh fingernail breezy intermittent abner infinite anew despoil doldrums prig pope baltic bouncy barter betrayer countryside doherty despondent ana what ' d archival batwing pigment variac epitaph saul tray hendrickson fireboat rove kremlin pilfer wv retentive antedate pegasus preoccupy walkie stickle curvilinear trafficking shakeable clamorous bumptious vague rummy marketplace violin cult gigantic gape frye takeoff tall enigma beneficial infallible jimmie horton archer elizabeth circus desuetude manual filtrate stamp teamster abutting offal bujumbura conference chairman sectoral siderite caddis serendipitous repertory leonid duty linkage bandage prefatory toshiba dilogarithm gateway however johannesburg silver majestic asymptotic revolt applicable colloidal objectivity technology calm wolves cahill decorate associable support resistor administrate oak contrabass atreus mutatis conner louis roy concept boatmen ornament whomsoever dusseldorf atavistic organometallic beatnik declivity pleasure coffer aphrodite alphabet pilfer nutria clothesmen ukrainian cheery concave livre much frigidaire definitive perfuse tribune prom slough amorous desire indiana selfish bifurcate breed deify dedicate biconnected cub cummings sims taiwan net cleanup snag wart dateline region homeomorph cortex bertram carpet comfort tremor clarence dunkirk asynchrony elena variegate tor postprocessor capacitance contend jan brain betrayer separable highlight lindholm jim behest alfonso corvus liquefaction catfish assailant layup car coypu tolerable dogberry burnout kiva sweater bryant chordata episcopal ceil catchword exegesis divestiture hail cumulate dinghy whizzing twaddle afforest bromine heine inadequate lone gorge hippy mythic bear invariable chickweed cactus nubile detroit gil knew synoptic lament uproar byronic respectful phony salami demure eire eloquent instillation posable basilar anhydride apartheid dragging wedge pinball factorial load obey muscle fragmentation bela alberto precambrian roosevelt moose digram puppet gotten seepage everglades hagstrom dose doric alveoli pelham earsplitting hoof dry barnes wheeze alveoli crumple amide courtesan cruise apology woodrow curt syllogism bern bailiff manley algaecide juju lloyd byte pillory clime brood atlantis synchronism delta cancelled detain connive fishy role curio synchrony washburn physiochemical acerbic nominee turbidity anorthite braniff fowl garlic autosuggestible clarke sawbelly airedale identify celandine form kudo upcome allow lacerate mcdougall narrow souvenir schroedinger quail teletype longtime berkshire compliment slag antwerp rank marriott inconsistent evolution allis banish resignation custom collagen regress strickland died sigh addition effluent chinchilla perpendicular cincinnati casualty sideband league infuriate singlehanded kathleen stubble rocco hear propaganda crepe fetch movie spate  
2	Subject: oasis access needed - enron real time trading to whom it may concern : it ' s come to my attention that the srp oasis user id which was being used by enron ' s west hourly trading team has been disabled . holden salisbury , one of our cash traders , spoke with someone in your office about setting up a new id for the real time group . enron power marketing , inc . already has company - wide access to the site ; but the real time group regularly reserves transmission on this oasis site and needs a login name and password of its own . could you please let me know what information i need to provide to get this set up ? i would greatly appreciate your help in issuing a new real time password as soon as possible , or in directing me to a more appropriate contact . thank you , kate symes real time trading support 503 - 464 - 3939 
2	Subject: fw : canada origination hi louise , can you please provide some guidance ? originally what we prepared for you has been an origination schedule each month . as you know , we ' ve since added mpr items . several commercial folks are now requesting that we add in accrual items . are you okay with this ? would you like to see two schedules each month - one with only true originations , then an additional report that includes originations , mpr , and accrual items ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : carter , carol sent : friday , november 02 , 2001 11 : 15 am to : killen , faith subject : canada origination faith , i have differences with canada on the originations schedule due to accrual income items . i have not included the accrual income on the originations schedule for louise . please advise . please note that the spreadsheet has 4 tabs and the discrepancies are highlighted in pink . thanks . have a great day , carol l . carter 713 - 853 - 1945 
2	Subject: moneycentral : 6 routes to retire rich ecial  msn 
2	Subject: new coastal production coastal plans to bring up the monte cristo ( meter 9873 ) today . hpl is buying the residue ( net 15 % pvr ) at stratton effective today ( vol . of 34 m ) . this gas is to be transported by hpl to the inlet ( meter 980415 ) and may or may not be repurchased at the tailgate . at this time , this gas is scheduled on the strangers it agmt . , we are waiting for brian riley to return to the office so that we can determine if this will need to be placed on a separate transport agreement to the plant inlet , or added to the old agreement . i will try to keep everyone apprised to the extent that i am in the loop . mary 
2	Subject: re : license to all : well , let me tell it to you like this ! i will never ever ever have to study for another fricken exam ! hell yes i passed that s . o . b . i about died when i opened the envelope b / c i couldn ' t believe it ! i am now rusty r . glover , p . e . ! i probably won ' t know you next time i see you ! my head was so big this morning i could barely make it through the door ! later , rusty r . glover , p . e . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : camille davis [ mailto : kcdavis @ pdq . net ] sent : monday , january 31 , 2000 1 : 59 pm to : glover , rusty subject : license did you past your test ? ? ? camille - attl . htm 
2	Subject: annual investor conference presentations - - there is still time hey , there ' s still time to view the presentations given by enron management at the annual investor conference held in january . a link to the replay of the webcast is available at www . enron . com . a list of the presentations made at the meeting will appear on the screen . to view a presentation , simply click on the title . the entire webcast is about eight hours long , with each presentation lasting about 45 minutes to one hour . the webcast will be available 24 hours - a - day , seven - days - a - week until feb . 28 . this is an excellent opportunity for you to get the latest information about enron ' s business activities and strategy . if you encounter problems accessing the webcast , call 1 - 888 - 457 - 7469 for help . 
2	Subject: erisk essentials ? www . erisk . com what ' s new at erisk . com - 23 march 2001 weekly review this week ' s economic , banking and p _ insurance news , from an enterprise risk management perspective . read it here . . . analysis in this week ' s analysis :   taking the long view on credit risk management   the risks of cracking down on insurance fraud and   fannie mae controversy puts debt benchmark in jeopardy feature the treatment of operational risk is one of the more controversial , and poorly understood , elements of basle ' s proposed revisions to the capital accord . in this exclusive article , penny cagan of zurich financial services explains what the basle accord proposals mean for most banks , where there ' s room for improvement and how to get started on building an operational risk framework iconference archive couldn ' t make it to our iconference on risk transfer , featuring martin nance of aig structured products and barry finkelstein , joe parsons and chris crevier of merrill lynch ? check out the iconference archive later this week to find out what you missed . still available : the proceedings of our two recent basle iconferences , featuring bill treacy of the federal reserve board , ashish dev of key bank and andy hickman of erisk events calendar feeling the need to network ? check out our comprehensive listing of risk management events around the world in the events calendar the erisk essentials is published every friday by erisk . com . to subscribe to this newsletter , please register on our website . to unsubscribe , access your account . your username is the email address where you received this message . to be reminded of your password , or to reset it , follow this link . 
2	Subject: lived office 2 oo 3 $ 80 . norton 2004 $ 15 , office xp $ 1 oo . adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o supposed fell nephew deceive out threw lonely island now scared super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares listen & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    like advantage cant receipt dear handwriting would type full  
2	Subject: nouvelle sur . com visitez notre nouveau site web ! ! * prix plus agressif que jamais * catalogue en ligne * chat live avec un de nos conseillers * section vip ( ou revendeur ) * ordinateur complet et neuf a partir de 220 $ * cd - vierges 0 . 19 * dvd vierges 0 . 25 * disque dur neuf a partir de 49 $ * graveur dvd lg 49 $ * et d autre spciaux sur notre site web . . . . . . . . wow  
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 71 % lower ) . enmity switch crease , talk , trouble . way decimal mountain . told were reach small , two fit . i too test collect subject pull . watch insect began up , shape , cover . open book more build . then other land . paper , river , fraction . million story call answer wait name , while . done would , yet fly we hope . from simple same five dance .  
2	Subject: re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? vance : when will the new deal , or deal # 380710 be made retroactive in path manager ? the close deadline for expense contracts is wednesday october 25 th . fred mary poorman @ enron 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 17 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , jackie morgan / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? i have spoken with clem , this meter is now " non - allocatable " , not unlike meter 8751 on big cowboy . this meter needs to be set up as a receipt meter attached to the gulf energy 27 - 009 - 08 agreement . this gas began flowing on 7 / 7 / 00 , so deal ticket 380710 , which begins 9 / 1 / 00 will need to be backed up to july to account for the purchase of this production . bob : please email me when the deal ticket is complete so that i can have fred set up accounting arrangements on gulf energy . fred : can you please determine whether or not we have paid ccgm for this gas ? once again , thank you all for your assistance . mary 
2	Subject: notice : mail delivery status . this is a delivery status notification from a . mx . sylon . net , running the courier mail server , version 0 . 45 . 2 . the original message was received on tue , 19 jul 2005 13 : 00 : 08 + 0200 from mailwisconsin . com ( [ 220 . 195 . 168 . 184 ] ) undeliverable mail your message to the following recipients cannot be delivered : : < < < configuration error : mail loops back to myself ( mx problem ) . if your message was also sent to additional recipients , their delivery status is not included in this report . you may or may not receive other delivery status notifications for additional recipients . the original message follows as a separate attachment . 
2	Subject: risk systems problem log sally , this is my stab at a consolidated list from the last 2 weeks . we may have to change the format to capture all the issues and explanations , but i wanted you to have this for your meeting today . rebooks are on the second sheet in the workbook , but cover only the last week . let me know if you have questions or need additional info . i ' ll be working with the business analyst to take over this reporting later this week , so please comment at your convenience . debbie 
2	Subject: re : london hotel frank and i are staying at the sheraton belgravia which is about a 5 minute walk to our office - - it is small and quiet but nice rooms . it is not on a major street like picadilly or park lane , but we like it . the rate is about ol 90 a night we had to move out of our flat on monday , so are staying there until we leave . right now we are scheduled to fly out on sat the 20 th . also - - - just a few notes on next week i am free monday night if you would like to have dinner . i know frank and maureen will be in spain that night , they are back on tuesday also my going away party that fernley is throwing is on wed night - - so hopefully most people will drop by there . it is just a pub thing near the office , but hopefully you can make it ! i am sure there will be dinner or something afterwards . talk to you soon beth enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 10 / 01 / 2001 22 : 58 to : beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : london hotel right now , i am booked at 47 park for next week . i would love to be closer to the office , but i don ' t know if there is anything that makes sense . any suggestions ? if not something close to the office , would you suggest another spot besides 47 park ? i am committed to working on my agenda for next week before i leave the office tonight . i will e : mail you tomorrow to see if we can schedule a time to meet and hopefully a lunch or dinner , too . - - sally 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 9 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 44 . 167 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 16 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 30 . 833 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: http : / / www . efi . ie hi i visited http : / / www . efi . ie , and noticed that you ' re not listed on some search engines ! i think we can offer you a service which can help you increase traffic and the number of visitors to your website . i would like to introduce you to trafficmagnet . net . we offer a unique technology that will submit your website to over 300 , 000 search engines and directories every month . you ' ll be surprised by the low cost , and by how effective this website promotion method can be . to find out more about trafficmagnet and the cost for submitting your website to over 300 , 000 search engines and directories , visit www . trafficmagnet . net . i would love to hear from you . best regards , christine hall sales and marketing e - mail : christine @ trafficmagnet . net http : / / www . trafficmagnet . net  
2	Subject: wharton tiger team agenda friends , attached below are please find : 1 . wharton tiger team agenda , friday , 19 january 2001 , 7 : 30 am - 4 : 30 pm ; 2 . wharton tiger team brochure ( explaining the program ) . thank you in advance for your participation . meeting room 32 c 2 will be equipped for computer presentations . the format of your presentation is entirely up to you - - formal , conversational , computerized , hard copy - - however you feel most comfortable . we ' re currently expecting a total of 18 in the group . everyone is invited to come to churrasco ' s this evening . the wharton group will be picked up from the warwick at 6 : 30 , so should arrive at the restaurant at about 6 : 45 - 7 p . please come if you can ! thanks again ! this is an enthusiastic , talented group of prospective enron recruits - - and their research efforts might also well prove interesting to our businesses . regards - - christie . 
2	Subject: aggressive investors portfolio structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technoiogy company focused on the development & commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and | ittie competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : 0 . 68 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structural technology aerofoammetals . com press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company following extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacie will acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the sharehoiders of aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3 , 500 , ooo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficia | | y owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement immediateiy and to hoid a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing this letter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profile : pinnacie group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers ski | | ed entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goais as part of a | arger organization . the company provides capita | and management assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into pubiiciy traded companies . the company works cioseiy with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais . the company has great short term speculative potentia | as wel | as the potential for long term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! piease foilow this one trade monday ! nothing in this e - mai | shouid be considered personaiized investment advice . although our empioyees may answer your genera | customer service questions , they are not licensed under securities | aws to address your particuiar investment situation . no communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice . we expressly forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . al | of our empioyees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after the mailing of printed - only pubiication prior to foliowing an initia | recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter shouid be made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company . to cancel by mai | or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to : no _ morenewsletters 9 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter al | rights reserved 
2	Subject: amazing sxsxth i hope you can use this . hostettler kucan liquefaranno nl ha maritavate they got vi ` co . din ( named as parac ' odin ) , x . @ nax , and other popular products . . http : / / w . net . mypillsplace . com ? x 8  tl 1 k 26 there was a sheriff looking for a new deputy , and a redneck went in to apply for the job . ok , said the sheriff , what is 1 + 1 ? the redneck thought for a minute , and finally said , 11 . the sheriff asked , what two days of the week start with the letter t ? the redneck said , that ' s easy , today and tomorrow . the sheriff said , now the last question , who killed abraham lincoln ? the redneck thought really hard , and at last said , i don ' t know . the sheriff smiled and said , well , why don ' t you go home and work on that . so the redneck went home and his wife asked him how it went . the redneck replied , great ! he already put me on a murder case ! perry is scheduled to appear in court tuesday . his attorney , charles giesen , did not return a telephone message thursday . a notoriously absent - minded professor was one day observed walking along the street with one foot continually in the gutter , the other on the pavement . a pupil meeting him said : good evening , professor . how are you ? well , answered the professor , i thought i was all right when i left home , but now i don ' t know what ' s the matter with me . i ' ve been limping for the last half - hour .  
2	Subject: mcmullen gas for 11 / 99 jackie , since the inlet to 3 river plant is shut in on 10 / 19 / 99 ( the last day of flow ) : at what meter is the mcmullen gas being diverted to ? at what meter is hpl buying the residue gas ? ( this is the gas from teco , vastar , vintage , tejones , and swift ) i still see active deals at meter 3405 in path manager for teco , vastar , vintage , tejones , and swift i also see gas scheduled in pops at meter 3404 and 3405 . please advice . we need to resolve this as soon as possible so settlement can send out payments . thanks 
2	Subject: are you man enough for this secrets revealed . how do porn stars perform , stay strong and hard even after cumming ! grow upto " 8 " inches ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . yj international exports ltd st . adele # 1208 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: account assignment list i took the liberty of reformatting it to better fit the page . see if you like it as revised . lorraine lindberg 06 / 13 / 2000 05 : 38 pm to : kevin hyatt , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michele lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron cc : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron subject : account assignment list attached is the revised customer account list for the long term marketers . michelle , christine , jeff and i took a first shot at re - distributing accounts to incorporate michelle . if anyone has any questions please let me know . 
2	Subject: real - time generation for 6 / 13 group , here ' s what ' s available to sell real - time for wednesday , 6 / 13 . harbor : harbgn _ 7 _ units 80 mw available , 0 prescheduled , hel - 24 , spl 5 , costs are roughly $ 110 . wheelabrator martel : martel _ 2 _ amfor 6 mw available , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 13 mw , hel - 24 , npl 5 , for $ 50 or greater . wheelabrator shasta : wsengy _ 1 _ unit 4 2 mw available , omw prescheduled , total output equals 2 mw , hel - 24 , npl 5 , for $ 70 or greater . sierra pacific holding : we don ' t know their unit id because we ' re not their sc 30 mw available , 15 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 mw , hel - 24 , npl 5 , for $ 55 or greater . must confirm the trade of the apx trade application , and the apx is their sc . if you have any questions don ' t hesitate to contact either chris foster or myself . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: your best source for viagra and more . . . . get harder , stay hard . . . longer excellent everyday low prices on brand name and generic drugs in a free state there should be freedom of speech and thought . the absent are never without fault , nor the present without excuse . the mind is slow to unlearn what it learnt early . the love of truth lies at the root of much humor . 
2	Subject: mgmt summary & hot list 9 / 21 attached are the management summary and hot list that will be provided to mike and jeff on monday ( via email ) . please contact me if you have any comments / questions . thanks , jeff x 39859 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeff smith / hou / ect on 09 / 22 / 2000 04 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : patricia anderson 09 / 22 / 2000 03 : 13 pm to : jeff smith / hou / ect @ ect cc : thomas myers / hou / ect @ ect subject : mgmt summary & hot list 9 / 21 for distribution patricia 
2	Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visuai image of your company by creating an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery items and professional website . these marketing toois wiil siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: power market research i came across the attached report which margaret carson thought would be of interest to you . jennifer - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen thome / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2001 11 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jessica burry 04 / 03 / 2001 10 : 29 am to : theresa villeggiante / pdx / ect @ ect , mollie gustafson / pdx / ect @ ect , fredrik eriksson / pdx / ect @ ect , crystal hyde / pdx / ect @ ect , angela cadena / pdx / ect @ ect , andy chen / pdx / ect @ ect , jim gilbert / pdx / ect @ ect , ed clark / pdx / ect @ ect , jeff shields / pdx / ect @ ect , jim buerkle / pdx / ect @ ect , dave fuller / pdx / ect @ ect , laura wente / hou / ect @ ect , jake thomas / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect , chris lackey / pdx / ect @ ect , todd perry / pdx / ect @ ect , jeffrey oh / pdx / ect @ ect , elliot mainzer / pdx / ect @ ect , jeff g slaughter / pdx / ect @ ect , jonalan page / pdx / ect @ ect , stephen thome / hou / ect @ ect , terry w donovan / hou / ect @ ect , glenn surowiec / enron communications @ enron communications , michael danielson / sf / ect @ ect , laird dyer / sf / ect @ ect , april hrach / sf / ect @ ect , michael mcdonald / sf / ect @ ect cc : subject : power market research - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jessica burry / pdx / ect on 04 / 03 / 2001 08 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christopher f calger 04 / 03 / 2001 08 : 11 am to : jessica burry / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : power market research pls send to my group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 04 / 03 / 2001 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : chip schneider / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 03 / 2001 10 : 02 am cdt to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : power market research this piece from deutsche bank is good macro overview of electricity supply / demand fundamentals . a little on the long side - 78 pages , but has some good discussion on nerc ( north american electric reliability council regions ) , beginning on page 15 . 
2	Subject: fw : caiso notice - new requirements regarding scheduling and dispatch instructions fyi . this looks important . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : crcommunications [ mailto : crcommunications @ caiso . com ] sent : wednesday , august 08 , 2001 5 : 10 pm to : iso market participants subject : caiso notice - new requirements regarding scheduling and dispatch instructions iso market participants : in light of a growing pattern among market participants of failure to submit feasible schedules , failure to comply with the must - offer obligation , failure to comply with dispatch instructions and the recent untenable acts by certain market participants that resulted in serious threats to wscc - wide reliability , the iso is compelled to immediately impose new requirements to prevent reoccurrence of such events . please see the market notice posted at for a complete discussion of the new requirements . cr communications 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketinq toois wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: re : i hope we didn ' t pay them on the unwind ! ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 3 : 01 pm to : bradford , william s . ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; kitchen , louise subject : fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : arnold , john sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 2 : 36 pm to : lavorato , john subject : spinnaker , one of fred ' s customer ' s , unwound a hedge today because they dont want exposure to us . 
2	Subject: re : i ' ll be gone for a month sofya : sounds like fun - be careful and have a great time . we will see you when you return on the 31 st . shirley sofya tamarchenko @ enron 06 / 27 / 2000 11 : 23 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : i ' ll be gone for a month good morning : i am leaving houston this weekend to go to camp , so friday june 30 will be my last day . i will be at camp for a month , but i can be back at work on monday july 31 . 
2	Subject: monterrey , mexico ms . kitchen - heard you mention in this morning ' s all - employee meeting that you are looking for people in monterrey . what skill sets are you seeking ? how can i find out more about this opportunity ? thanks . 
2	Subject: 15 . refinance today - as low as 2 . 96 % 9 boezfqcw hello , bvoksycjxyz mpyocksnkzpj zxqldepmdjvxc would you refinance if you knew you could save thousands ? tbgwgybrfcuqjb wrqluzcvznuxzb wpydjkdgqjfv acixvulfwdntbb refinance today to as low as 2 . 9 % ! or buy the home of your dreams ! http : / / ktenbxdqfg @ libertyfunds . biz ( copy & paste in browser ) thanks , michelle vyzohncwriuefd ekurujqudjvn wixdmocrnkxp lvtnrodoph xogjjwdtlsg ffjwdebuyn rmv : http : / / rfgpzrckbkxhy @ freedomfunds . biz / tt . htm 
2	Subject: meeting reminder the meeting to discuss , " var , reporting processes and resources ii " will take place friday , june 9 , 2000 at 9 : 00 a . m . the location is eb 32 c 2 . please adjust your schedules to reflect this important meeting . many thanks , barbara lewis x 3 - 5085 
2	Subject: overseas pharmacy wv would you like inexpensive pain killers ? http : / / www . qety . com /  
2	Subject: fortune 500 work at home reps needed ! immediate help needed . we are a fortune 500 company that is growing at a tremendous rate of over 1000 % per year . we simply cannot keep up . we are looking for motivated individuals who are looking to earn a substantial income working from home . this is a real opportunity to make an excellent income from home . no experience is required . we will provide you with any training you may need . we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you than click on the link below and complete our online information request form , and one of our employment specialist will contact you . http : / / ter . netblah . com : 8080 so if you are looking to be employed at home , with a career that will provide you vast opportunities and a substantial income , please fill out our online information request form here now : http : / / www . zhoster . com : 8080 / homeopp / to be removed from our list simply click on the link below now :  
2	Subject: new zenoil . massive rock - sloid erections in 60 seconds or less ! zenoil is a brand new topical lubricant designed to immediately increase the power and size of your erections , and give you a more intense and satisfying sexual experience . more information  
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : enron ceo sold $ 1 . 2 mln in compaq shares . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 ' arbs ' sit out possible dynergy - enron deal , for now dow jones news service , 11 / 09 / 01 power points : does dynegy know what it ' s getting into ? dow jones energy service , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron ' s rating cut , woes finally hit trading floor . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : u . s . stocks crawl higher but profit warnings weigh . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 uk : uk power prices gain , take strength from gas . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 play of the day : dynegy close to buying beleaguered enron cnnfn : halftime report , 11 / 09 / 01 indian court restrains enron from serving termination notice over power project associated press newswires , 11 / 09 / 01 source : dynegy close to deal to buy enron associated press newswires , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron , dynegy shares jump on talk deal is near . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 indian court bars enron from terminating power project dow jones international news , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : enron faces lawsuits seeking class action status . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : analysis - enron seen test of u . s . sec ' s course under pitt . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : dynegy close to complete deal to buy enron - wsj . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 can bandwidth market survive without independent enron ? dow jones energy service , 11 / 09 / 01 india : enron ' s dabhol suffers legal setback in indian row . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 dynegy nears deal to buy enron in $ 7 billion stock transaction dow jones business news , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : updatel - moody ' s cuts enron ' s ratings , may cut again . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 enron long - term ratings cut to baa 3 from baa 2 - moody ' s afx news , 11 / 09 / 01 enron , dynergy very close to deal - cnbc afx news , 11 / 09 / 01 easton ` s call : returns are no more cnnfn : market coverage - morning , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : enron shares slip on debt downgrade concerns . reuters english news service , 11 / 09 / 01 moody ' s diaz on enron credit downgrade and outlook : comment bloomberg , 11 / 09 / 01 commerzbank analyst meade on possible buyout of enron : comment bloomberg , 11 / 09 / 01 kent income fund ' s mitchell stapley on enron bonds : comment bloomberg , 11 / 09 / 01 harris investment ' s coxe on possible buyout of enron : comment bloomberg , 11 / 09 / 01 strong american utilities fund ' s vuchetich on dynegy : comment bloomberg , 11 / 09 / 01 dynegy bid for enron said to be possible bail - out deal houston business journal , 11 / 09 / 01 dynegy may acquire enron for $ 22 bln in stock , debt ( update 6 ) bloomberg , 11 / 09 / 01 transcanada pipelines ceo on dynegy and enron talks : comment bloomberg , 11 / 09 / 01 usa : enron ceo sold $ 1 . 2 mln in compaq shares . 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . washington , nov 9 ( reuters ) - enron corp . chairman and chief executive kenneth lay , who sits on the board of compaq computer corp . , sold $ 1 . 2 million in compaq stock last month , a regulatory filing on friday said . lay sold 124 , 596 common shares of compaq on oct . 29 for $ 9 . 25 a share , according to a filing with the securities and exchange commission . he was left with 340 , 724 shares after the transaction , the filing added . compaq shares were down 25 cents to $ 7 . 74 in afternoon trading on the new york stock exchange . compaq , whose proposed $ 19 . 5 billion merger with hewlett - packard co . looks to be in doubt following opposition from the hewlett and packard families , did not immediately return a call seeking comment on lay ' s sale . news of the transaction comes as lay ' s company , enron , the embattled energy marketing and trading giant , is on the verge of a bailout by a smaller rival , dynegy inc . enron has trimmed its earnings by $ 591 million , or 22 percent , from 1997 to 2000 , and increased its debt by $ 628 million , or 6 percent , in a bookkeeping revision aimed at calming a firestorm that has engulfed the company in recent weeks . enron stock and credit ratings have plunged following disclosures of off - the - balance sheet deals now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission for possible conflict of interest . the deals contributed to a $ 1 billion third - quarter charge and $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . enron shares were up 54 cents to $ 8 . 95 in afternoon trading on the nyse . an announcement of a possible dynegy acquisition is expected later on friday . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ' arbs ' sit out possible dynergy - enron deal , for now by janet whitman of dow jones newswires 11 / 09 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - it ' s been a brutal year in the risk arbitrage business , and that has many arbitrageurs , also known as takeover traders , steering clear of bets on dynergy inc . ' s ( dyn ) possible takeover of enron corp . ( ene ) . some of their reluctance stems from the fact that the looming deal reported by dow jones newswires has yet to be confirmed by the two houston energy trading companies . more worrisome , however , is the possibility that enron - already crippled by an equity probe and a restatement of four years of earnings - may have even deeper woes to report . " unless enron is providing significantly more disclosure to the buyer than to the rest of the world , i don ' t see how a buyer could get comfortable . " said an arbitrageur with a new york hedge fund . what worries takeover traders is the likelihood that any agreement would likely have extensive material adverse change , or mac , clauses , providing plenty of room for dynergy to exit the deal should more problems arise at enron . " as an investor , it ' s hard for me to own something when i don ' t know what it is , " said the arbitrageur of enron . " i take some comfort that someone is stepping up the plate , but that ' s not enough for me . " another arbitrageur added , " if it gets announced , it ' s a deal with a lot of issues , starting with who bears the risk if enron has a lot of lawsuits because of alleged accounting fraud . " according to the wall street journal , dynergy will swap nearly 0 . 27 of a share of its stock for each share of enron . also under the deal , chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) , which owns 26 % of dynergy , will make an immediate cash injection of $ 1 . 5 billion into the deal , and then add another billion on closing . shares of dynergy jumped more than 10 % in heavy trading , bolstered by the idea that the company is picking up enron for a steal . its shares traded recently at $ 39 . 61 , up $ 3 . 06 a share . an acquirer ' s shares typically fall after a deal has been announced , in part because arbitrageurs sell the shares short , while going long the target . in this case , however , arbitrageurs are largely on the sidelines , which is perhaps alleviating some of the downside pressure on dynergy . enron , meanwhile , traded about 4 % higher recently , swapping hands at $ 8 . 77 a share in heavy volume . the stock was buoyed by the reported bid from dynergy as well as a new credit rating from moody ' s . the firm downgraded enron ' s rating a notch to just above speculative , not as bad as the junk rating some had feared . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . power points : does dynegy know what it ' s getting into ? by mark golden 11 / 09 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron ' s rating cut , woes finally hit trading floor . by janet mcgurty 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 9 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , on the verge of a bailout by rival dynegy inc . , on friday had its credit ratings cut to a notch above junk status and some energy traders became increasingly leery of dealing with the company . moody ' s investors service cut enron ' s long - and short - term ratings , affecting about $ 13 billion in debt , and warned the company ' s rating could be cut again to junk status on continued loss of investor confidence , impairing its ability to operate . a significant amount of debt coming due in the near term , and the potential for increased margin requirements from its counterparties in wholesale trading operation also puts further pressure on enron , the ratings agency said . " the company may not be able to retain investment - grade characteristics , " moody ' s said . enron ' s trading partners began to cast a more watchful eye on their relationship with their energy trading behemoth , which has seen almost $ 19 billion slashed from its market worth in the past month on mounting investor concerns . " our people are definitely looking at our dealings with enron after the downgrade . . . we need to make sure our bills will be paid , " one texas - based spot trader said , adding his company was still conducting business with enron . the stock , which has plummeted 89 percent this year , moved into the black on friday after enron confirmed talks regarding the acquisition of enron by dynegy are continuing . an announcement , which is expected later friday , is expected to include a $ 1 . 5 billion injection of capital for enron from chevrontexaco corp . , the no . 2 u . s . oil company , and 26 . 5 percent holder of dynegy . shares of enron rose 40 cents , or 4 . 8 percent , to $ 8 . 81 in afternoon trade on the new york stock exchange , and dynegy gained $ 2 . 92 , or 8 percent , to $ 39 . 42 . the stock was the most actively traded on the nyse . restated results in recent weeks enron ' s stock has plunged amid investor unease about disclosures of off - balance sheet deals involving its former chief financial officer . the deals are now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission for possible conflict of interest . " people just don ' t want to deal with them anymore , " said one trader , who heads the trading desk of one of the world ' s largest oil companies . on thursday , enron acknowledged it erred on past earnings reports and restated financial results going back to 1997 . the restated earnings cut net income by $ 591 million over the period , or 22 percent , and increased its debt by $ 628 million , pulling some of its partnerships onto the balance sheet . enron also fired its treasurer and a general counsel of one of its divisions on thursday . until now , enron ' s trading operations appeared relatively sheltered from its financial troubles , especially in the daily markets contracts . trading volumes on enrononline , the leading internet - based trading system for electricity , actually increased over the rolling 30 - day period . at the beginning of the week , enrononline dollar volumes averaged between $ 2 . 6 billion and $ 2 . 8 billion , compared with a 30 - day rolling average of $ 2 . 6 billion , according to eric thode , a spokesman for enrononline . the number of transactions posted on the site averaged over 6 , 500 on monday , well above the 5 , 800 average for the past 30 days . trading under pressure but friday , trading volume appeared to wane slightly , according to one industry watcher " i ' ve been watching the enron board all morning and it hardly lit up at all , " said one trader in the u . s . northeast . the board lights up each time a transaction is made for delivery to a particular point . the hardest hit of enron ' s energy trading operations appear to be natural gas trades and both natural gas and electricity forward contracts , which are trades for delivery from one month to five years ahead . " starting today we are no longer doing forward deals with enron on the gas side . we are still doing day - ahead deals though , " one southeast dealer said . he added he was unsure if his company was still trading forwards , or long - term deals , on the electricity side . " people are becoming much more cautious about entering into long - term energy deals with enron , especially the one - to five - year delivery contract for gas or electricity , " said one major midwestern power trader . while many major traders watch online volumes and transactions , many bypass the system and make their deals over the telephone directly with enron . earlier this week . major natural gas producer apache corp . said it unwound most of its natural gas hedges due to concerns about increasing risks in the energy derivatives market as a result of enron ' s recent problems . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : u . s . stocks crawl higher but profit warnings weigh . by elizabeth lazarowitz 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 9 ( reuters ) - stocks ticked higher in early afternoon trading on friday as investors took a positive view of the latest economic news , but profit warnings from household names like h . j . heinz & co . and the walt disney co . put a cap on their enthusiasm . energy and oil services stocks helped carry the market higher , getting a boost after russia ' s prime minister indicated russian companies will join the organization of exporting petroleum countries , the oil cartel , in cutting production to lift oil prices . the market ' s ability to make up virtually all of the losses it made in the wake of the sept . 11 attacks on new york and washington has given investors courage , despite the dismal condition of corporate earnings , said said nat paull , portfolio manager at new amsterdam partners . " the current profit profit picture , i think everybody knows , is pretty weak , but the focus is turning to 2002 , and that definitely is going to be a rebound year , " paull added . the market surged this week on a slew of interest - rate cuts in europe and the united states , but wall street is still torn over whether the moves are enough to patch up the bruised global economy , traders said . the dow jones industrial average rose 13 . 69 points , or 0 . 14 percent , at 9 , 601 . 21 , and the broader standard & poor ' s 500 index edged up 2 . 49 points , or 0 . 22 percent , to 1 , 121 . 03 . the technology - laced nasdaq composite rose 5 . 22 points , or 0 . 29 percent , to 1 , 832 . 99 . stocks got a fleeting boost on news afghan that anti - taliban forces entered the northern city of mazar - i - sharif , marking an advance in the war against the group suspected of masterminding the sept . 11 attacks on the united states . oil stocks were higher , including amerada hess , which gained $ 2 . 44 to $ 61 . 59 , and conoco inc . , up $ 1 . 29 at $ 26 . 81 . the latest earnings news kept wall street ' s tone subdued , however , after entertainment giant walt disney and food manufacturer heinz warned profits would likely be lower than expected . disney , which said it was suffering from weak advertising and low ratings at its abc tv network and lower attendance at its theme parks , all worsened after sept . 11 . disney reversed an early loss and climbed 7 cents to $ 18 . 91 . heinz slumped $ 3 . 14 to $ 39 . 56 after cutting its earnings forecast , citing a slowdown in its food service business as a result of lower demand from restaurants . traders said they expect volume to lighten after 2 : 00 p . m . 1900 gmt , when the bond market closes early in observance of the veteran ' s day holiday on monday . the nasdaq has surged this week following aggressive rate cuts by the european central bank , the bank of england and the u . s . federal reserve . the hope is that lower borrowing rates will prompt companies to spend and expand , in turn expanding global economies and corporate earnings . but dismal corporate outlooks and mixed economic news stunted the market ' s gain . a report showing plunging u . s . wholesale prices weighed on stocks as investors began to question whether the drop will soon hurt earnings . the producer price index had the sharpest drop on record in october as a slowing global economy sapped energy prices and american carmakers offered cut - rate financing to lure buyers into showrooms after sept . 11 attacks . " people may be worried about deflation , " said james volk , co - director of institutional trading at d . a . davidson and co . in portland , oregon . still , a consumer confidence indicator offered a bright note after sentiment strengthened in early november . expectations and current conditions rose to 83 . 5 from 82 . 7 in october , according to the university of michigan ' s index . analysts had forecast the index to fall to 78 . 7 . enron corp . was most active on the new york stock exchange for the 10 th session of the past 13 . the stock initially fell after moody ' s investors service cut enron ' s short - term and long - term rating because of a steep loss of investor confidence . then it rose 56 cents to $ 8 . 97 as news trickled out that rival dynegy inc . is close to taking over enron at about $ 10 a share . enron ' s stock and credit ratings plummeted after off - the - balance - sheets deals , now under investigation , were disclosed in mid - october . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : uk power prices gain , take strength from gas . 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , nov 9 ( reuters ) - british electricity prices strengthened on friday , playing catch - up to gas which is being lifted by firmer oil prices . traders said volume was fairly light and continued uncertainty about enron was muting the market to some degree . day - ahead ( monday ) baseload electricity rose to about 19 . 50 pounds per megawatt hour from 18 pounds or so on thursday . block five day - ahead ( monday ) was heard done at about 50 pounds . prompt gas prices rose by as much as six pence a therm on friday on the back of cold temperatures . december baseload power was also stronger at about 18 . 80 pounds from 18 . 55 pounds while january baseload rose to 21 . 1 pounds and february baseload gained to 20 . 5 pounds . on friday enron ' s credit ratings were cut to a notch above junk status and some energy traders have become increasingly wary of dealing with the company . a report in the wall street journal on friday said dynegy is close to buying enron , currently under investigation after disclosures of off - balance sheet deals , for $ 7 billion . copyright ? 2000 dow jones $ 591 million in earnings disappears , the stock closes $ 8 . 41 . so , if you trusted and believed that a company in late october , just about three weeks ago , you would have lost 65 percent of your investment - just in the past three weeks , not going back to the $ 82 . and to be clear - we ` re not picking on the company here , they made that initial statement knowing full well this was a huge controversy . the government was looking into it , investors were losing faith in management . still they said , we believe we did everything right . i think in that case it might have been better to say , we ` re just looking into it . marchini : why would dynegy want to risk exposing itself in fear that there might be still more to come ? viles : well , this new information about earnings , this restatement did not come from the company . it came from a special board that was brought in just to look at this . and the lawyer for that board was bill mclucas ( ph ) . he used to be the chief enforcement officer from the sec . so , a certain amount of credibility in the new set of numbers . also the performance this year at enron is not terrible . the earnings i think , are at $ 1 . 30 per share , through three quarters . so , you ` re looking at maybe $ 1 . 50 for the year . an $ 8 stock , $ 1 . 50 in earnings . it ` s really cheap , maybe there is a business here worth saving . but it is clear that current management does not have a whole lot of credit , is they ` re bottom fishing and they ` re bottom fishing at a pretty cheap price . i mean it was a $ 20 stock when the controversy erupted . it has only gone lower and i guess they think there is some value here . marchini : you know , moody ` s downgraded it today . this is a business that is very heavily depend on looking good to counterparts , looking like its not much of a risk . viles : yes , and that ` s what ` s gone wrong in the last three weeks . people have just said , geeze , there is just all kinds of stuff going on there . i don ` t really understand it . the company hasn ` t really explained it . i think i ` ll stay away and just let the dust clear and see what happens when it does clear . i think what dynegy is saying , they think they ` ve seen enough to know that there is something left to the company . it has been premiere energy trading company in the united states . energy trading is decent business . dynegy knows that business . they would probably know better than bond investors and stock investors what is there and what ` s of value . marchini : at least their shareholders hope so , right ? viles : hope so . marchini : thanks , peter . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . indian court restrains enron from serving termination notice over power project by n . sunil associated press writer 11 / 09 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . bombay , india ( ap ) - an indian court friday temporarily barred enron corp . from serving a final termination notice to the state utility in an ongoing tug - of - war over the american company ' s $ 2 . 9 billion power project , court officials said . the bombay high court restrained enron subsidiary dabhol power co . from serving the notice before the next hearing , scheduled for dec . 3 . the ruling came even as talks were being held in singapore aimed at salvaging the power project , focusing on two potential buyers for enron ' s controlling stake . enron owns 65 percent shares of the dabhol power co . two of india ' s largest private power companies - tata power co . and bses ltd . - are the only contenders vying to buy enron ' s stake , v . k . saxena , chief general manager of the industrial development bank of india , told dow jones newswires friday . in bombay , india ' s financial hub , dpc had served a preliminary termination notice on the state - run maharashtra state electricity board in may 2001 following disputes over the payment of monthly power bills . according to the agreement between dpc and the utility , the enron subsidiary can serve a final termination notice only six months after a preliminary notice . that initial notice was served in may , and dpc ' s six - month deadline is nov . 19 . but it would now be deferred until the court ruling . lenders to the project have approached the high court seeking to prevent the dpc from serving the final notice over the 2 , 100 megawatt project , so that they can recover their money . in may , enron stopped construction of the 90 percent completed project - india ' s biggest ever foreign investment . enron , which has seen its share prices plunge 80 percent over the past three weeks over worries about its finances , is in talks with rival energy trader dynegy inc . over a possible merger . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . source : dynegy close to deal to buy enron by brad foss ap business writer 11 / 09 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . new york ( ap ) - dynegy inc . is close to finalizing a deal to buy its much larger , albeit troubled , rival enron corp . , for between dlrs 7 billion and dlrs 8 billion in stock , a source familiar with the situation said . the deal could be announced friday and would include an immediate infusion of about dlrs 1 . 5 billion from chevrontexaco corp . , which owns more than a quarter of dynegy , the source said on condition of anonymity . chevrontexaco would contribute an additional dlrs 1 billion upon completion of the deal , though the source said talks could still fall apart . both dynegy and enron have released statements confirming they were discussing a deal , but declined to provide any details . neither company could immediately be reached for comment on friday . in a related matter , moody ' s investors service early friday downgraded enron ' s debt ratings to one level above junk bond status and said the company ' s long - term debt ratings remain under review for further downgrade . on thursday , enron corp . acknowledged it overstated earnings by about 20 percent over the past four years and kept large amounts of debt off its balance sheets through business partnerships now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . enron ' s stock price has been pounded in the past three weeks , falling roughly 80 percent over concerns that serious financial problems were not being disclosed to shareholders . shares of enron rose 9 cents to dlrs 9 . 19 in midday trading friday on the new york stock exchange , where dynegy ' s shares climbed dlrs 3 . 80 , or about 10 percent , to dlrs 40 . 30 . in a report on the wall street journal ' s web site on friday , the imminent deal between enron and dynegy was valued at dlrs 7 billion , which would value enron ' s shares at dlrs 9 . 50 each , according to unnamed sources . enron , the top u . s . buyer and seller of natural gas and the top wholesale marketer in the united states , had become one of the nation ' s 10 largest companies , recording revenue of dlrs 100 . 8 billion in 2000 . - - - on the net : http : / / www . enron . com http : / / www . dynegy . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron , dynegy shares jump on talk deal is near . by nichola groom 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 9 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . climbed more than 9 percent on friday on reports that the beleaguered energy marketing and trading giant is close to finalizing a deal to be acquired by dynegy inc . . the stock , which has fallen more than 73 percent since the company disclosed off - balance - sheet deals that are now under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission , was up 79 cents , or 9 . 4 percent , to $ 9 . 20 at midday on the new york stock exchange . the estimated $ 7 billion deal between the two houston - based companies calls for dynegy to swap 0 . 27 of its shares for each enron share , the wall street journal reported in its online edition on friday . the deal would also include an immediate injection of $ 1 . 5 billion for enron from chevrontexaco corp . , which holds a 26 . 5 percent stake in dynegy , and an injection of additional $ 1 billion when the deal closes , the journal said . " clearly , dynegy has them over a barrel , " analyst john olson of sanders morris harris told reuters . " this would basically quadruple dynegy ' s size with a very accretive earnings contribution , too . " shares of dynegy also rose , climbing $ 3 . 95 , or 10 . 8 percent , to $ 40 . 45 . also on friday , the debt - rating agency moody ' s investors service cut its long - and short - term ratings on enron and warned that another cut was possible because a substantial loss of investor confidence had hurt the firm ' s financial flexibility . last month , enron said it would take a charge of $ 1 billion in the third quarter and reduce shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . enron on thursday restated its financial statements since 1997 , reducing its earnings by $ 591 million , or 22 percent , over the four years ending in 2000 , and increasing its debt by $ 628 million , or 6 percent . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . indian court bars enron from terminating power project 11 / 09 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) bombay , india ( ap ) - - an indian court friday temporarily barred enron corp . ( ene ) from serving a final termination notice to the state utility in an ongoing tug - of - war over the u . s . giant ' s $ 2 . 9 billion power project , court officials said . the bombay high court restrained enron subsidiary dabhol power co . from serving the notice before the next hearing , scheduled for dec . 3 . the ruling came even as talks were being held in singapore aimed at salvaging the power project , focusing on two potential buyers for enron ' s controlling stake . enron owns 65 % shares of the dabhol power co . two of india ' s largest private power companies - tata power co . ( p . tpw ) and bses ltd . ( p . bsx ) - are the only contenders vying to buy enron ' s stake , v . k . saxena , chief general manager of the industrial development bank of india , told dow jones newswires friday . in bombay , india ' s financial hub , dpc had served a preliminary termination notice on the state - run maharashtra state electricity board in may 2001 following disputes over the payment of monthly power bills . according to the agreement between dpc and the utility , the enron subsidiary can serve a final termination notice only six months after a preliminary notice . that initial notice was served in may , and dpc ' s six - month deadline is nov . 19 . but it would now be deferred until the court ruling . lenders to the project have approached the high court seeking to prevent the dpc from serving the final notice over the 2 , 100 - megawatt project , so that they can recover their money . in may , enron stopped construction of the 90 % completed project - india ' s largest - ever foreign investment . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron faces lawsuits seeking class action status . by david howard sinkman 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 9 ( reuters ) - troubled enron corp . , under investigation by u . s . regulators and in talks to be acquired by a smaller rival , also must contend with a battery of lawyers smelling blood . at least seven law firms have filed suits against enron and its principal officers on behalf of shareholders who bought the energy trading giant ' s shares from jan . 18 , 2000 to oct . 17 . the stock has plummeted about 89 percent this year . the lawsuits accuse the nation ' s largest energy trader of overstating operating results , failing to write - down assets on a timely basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting practices and concealing investments that may require enron to issue large amounts of shares to cover losses . houston - based enron declined to comment . but on thursday enron restated financial statements from 1997 to 2000 and the first two quarters of this year , admitting it erred in reporting past results . the company also on thursday fired its treasurer and the general counsel for one of its divisions , the latest executives to leave or be forced out of senior positions at enron . the firms are actively seeking enron shareholders to join their lawsuits , which seek class action status . the suits were filed in the united states district court for the southern district of texas in houston . judge lee rosenthal is assigned to newby vs . enron corp . , which seeks $ 75 million in damages , according to chief deputy clerk david bradley . the suit also named enron chairman and chief executive kenneth lay , former ceo jeffrey skilling and former chief financial officer andrew fastow skilling , a long - time enron executive , resigned in august as ceo after only six months in that position . fastow abruptly left the company last month . disclosure at heart of suits a scheduling conference is set for jan . 25 and a judge will then determine if all the lawsuits should be consolidated and if the case should be certified as a class action lawsuit . lawyer arthur stock of law firm berger & montague pc , one of the law firms filing a class - action suit , said the court would decide which firm would be lead attorney , a decision based on the firm that represents the largest shareholders . since enron released earnings on oct . 16 , u . s . regulators have launched a probe into some enron transactions , its shares have fallen almost 75 percent and wiped off $ 19 billion in market capitalization , and ratings agencies have slashed its credit rating to near junk status . enron posted charges of $ 1 billion in its third - quarter earnings , and announced the day after the earnings were released it would write down shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . " we are quite sure the impact of enron ' s off - balance - sheet investments were material and not adequately disclosed , " said stock . " we allege that enron ' s investments in azurix and new power were overvalued at the end of 2000 , but enron wrote them down at the end of the third - quarter in 2001 . they knew or were reckless in failing to know - the information was available . " new york university law school professor marcel kahan , who specializes in securities law , said class - action lawsuits are usually lawyer - initiated , with lawyers calling shareholders rather than shareholders calling them . but there is nothing wrong with this , said kahan , because " if we waited for the clients to move first we would have virtually no suits . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones - self - reporting of misconduct upon discovery ; - remediation , including dismissal or punishment of those responsible , improvement of preventative internal policies and procedures , and compensation of those hurt by the misconduct ; - wide - open cooperation with sec investigators . pass these tests , the sec said , and benefits could range from taking no enforcement action at all to bringing reduced charges , lighter sanctions , or mitigating language in documents related to enforcement actions . " this does not mean that we have gone , or will go , ' soft ' on securities violations or financial fraud , " pitt said in a speech on thursday to securities lawyers in new york . how pitt and the commission handle the enron case , in light of the guidelines and pitt ' s other statements , will say a lot about the sec ' s future course , lawyers said . " it ' s going to be a test of whether the commission will look carefully to make sure that the four steps were really met , " langevoort said . for its part , enron has ousted the chief financial officer who was instrumental in setting up two outside partnerships that were involved in the unusual transactions being probed . the company on oct . 31 appointed a special committee to investigate the affair . the committee hired the high - profile law firm of wilmer cutler & pickering and the accounting firm of deloitte & touche to assist it in its probe . on thursday , enron fired two more executives and restated its financial results back to 1997 . " the company has from the outset , and will continue to cooperate fully with the sec . we will also proceed with our own review of the transactions , " said enron spokesman mark palmer . while much remains to be seen , langevoort said enron ' s action " seems to be a set of efforts that goes very much in the direction " of satisfying the sec ' s guidelines . self - policing seen key but he and other lawyers pointed out that the oct . 23 guidelines on cooperation were issued in response to a case involving kansas food and shipping group seaboard corp . , a much smaller company in a much smaller matter . moreover , securities lawyers said , the first of the four tests - self - policing prior to discovery of misconduct - may be a difficult hurdle for enron to surmount . " this is a serious case and the sec guidelines don ' t provide the answer to it , " said richard phillips , a partner at the law firm of kirkpatrick & lockhart in san francisco . " self - policing prior to discovery " means consistent vigilance over company finances . securities lawyers said they found it difficult to imagine that enron senior executives were in the dark for four years on the unusual transactions . " cover - up with respect to public companies is really headed for the trash bin . you can ' t cover up anything , " said stanley sporkin , a partner at weil gotshal and manges in washington who is a former u . s . district court judge and top sec official . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : dynegy close to complete deal to buy enron - wsj . 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 9 ( reuters ) - dynegy inc . is close to finalizing a deal to buy beleaguered energy marketing and trading giant enron corp . for about $ 7 billion in stock , the wall street journal reported in its online edition on friday . the deal , likely to be announced later on friday , calls for dynegy to offer 0 . 27 of its shares for each enron share , the journal said , citing people familiar with the matter . the deal will also include an immediate injection of $ 1 . 5 billion for enron from chevrontexaco corp . , which holds a 26 . 5 percent stake in dynegy , with a similar injection of $ 1 billion when the deal closes , the journal said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . can bandwidth market survive without independent enron ? by michael rieke and erwin seba of dow jones newswires 11 / 09 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - ( dow jones ) - can the telecommunications bandwidth market survive without an independent enron corp . ( ene ) , its biggest promoter ? some say the bandwidth market will shrink or disappear without enron . others say the fundamental advantages of risk management will enable the market to survive . two industry analysts see a significant reduction in bandwidth trading if enron merges with dynegy inc . ( dyn ) or even ceases to exist . " i think the bandwidth trading business just went ' poof ' , " said susan kalla , senior telecommunications analyst with friedman , billings michael . rieke @ dowjones . com ; and erwin seba , 713 - 547 - 9214 , erwin . seba @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : enron ' s dabhol suffers legal setback in indian row . 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . bombay , nov 9 ( reuters ) - u . s . energy major enron corp ' s indian unit , dabhol power company ( dpc ) , on friday said a court had stopped it from pulling out of its beleaguered $ 2 . 9 billion power project until december 3 . the bombay high court , which on friday heard a petition against dabhol by a clutch of indian lenders to the project , prevented the company from issuing a final notice to terminate its contract with the maharashtra state electricity board , a dabhol official told reuters . the court order is a blow to enron , which owns 65 percent of dabhol . general electric co and bechtel corp own 10 percent each , with the board holding the remaining 15 percent . the u . s . energy giant ' s attempts to exit the project by either selling its stake or terminating the contract has become more urgent in the face of its financial troubles at home . the houston - based company has been plagued by investor doubts and is under the gun to shore up its crumbling finances . the first phase of enron ' s controversial indian project has been completed , but work on the second phase was abruptly stopped in june following a bitter dispute between enron and the local utility , the plant ' s sole buyer . the cash - strapped indian utility had in 1995 contracted to buy all the power from dabhol ' s 2 , 0184 mw plant on the western coast of india , the country ' s largest foreign direct investment . but it later said it did not need all the power and that it was too costly . while dabhol has said it would prefer to resolve its dispute with the board amicably , it felt the discussions with the power plant ' s indian lenders and the government were not progressing . in that case , it may be forced to terminate the contract , and file for damages in the international court of arbitration in london . but the bombay high court has said it will hear the case again on december 3 . the case against dabhol was filed by indian lenders , led by the country ' s largest term lender , the industrial development bank of india , as they want to salvage their loans to the power project . they fear that if enron is unable to sell its stake and terminates its contract with the utility , it could end up defaulting on its loans . which way out ? the dispute between dabhol and the indian utility came to a head in june , when enron decided it would stop work on the second phase of the project even though it was almost complete , after the board defaulted on payments . the dispute , which has hurt india ' s attempts to attract more foreign investment in the power sector , also cast a cloud over the loans advanced by indian banks and financial institutions , which have an exposure of 48 percent of the total project cost . dabhol served a preliminary notice in may to terminate the project and can serve a final notice if a six - month cooling - off period fails to produce a solution . that six month deadline ends on november 19 . analysts said there are only two ways for enron to pull out of the project . wait for the bombay high court to lift the stay on december 3 , or hope that its stake is bought out by one of the two potential suitors - india ' s tata power company ltd or bses ltd . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy nears deal to buy enron in $ 7 billion stock transaction by robin sidel 11 / 09 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) staff reporter of the wall street journal dynegy inc . is close to finalizing a deal to buy beleaguered enron corp . for about $ 7 billion in stock , according to people familiar with the matter . the deal , which is likely to be announced friday , calls for houston - based dynegy to swap nearly 0 . 27 of a share for each share of its crosstown rival , these people said . based on current trading prices on the new york stock exchange , that would value enron at about $ 9 . 50 a share . enron shares traded at $ 8 . 41 at 4 p . m . thursday on the big board , meaning the dynegy deal amounts to a 13 % premium . terms call for chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) to inject $ 1 . 5 billion into the deal immediately , and another $ 1 billion upon closing . other parties also may inject cash into the deal , although it was unclear if all those details had been finalized . if approved by regulators , the deal would be a stunning development for enron , which transformed itself from a staid natural - gas - pipeline company into a highflying power - trading giant only to see its share price - - and hefty market valuation - - plummet in a matter of weeks . dynegy is one - fifth enron ' s size . enron ' s stock price , which traded near $ 85 at the beginning of the year , has been pounded in the past three weeks , falling roughly 80 % , over concerns that serious financial problems weren ' t being disclosed to shareholders . shares of enron ( ene ) fell 26 cents to $ 8 . 67 friday morning on the new york stock exchange , where dynegy ' s ( dyn ) shares climbed $ 1 . 90 to $ 38 . 50 . enron has been scrambling for days to line up quick financing from a prominent outside investor and has been in discussions with private - equity firms and power - trading companies . the company desperately needs to win back its credibility on wall street following the disclosure that the securities and exchange commission was investigating partnerships enron created to serve as a hedge against fluctuating market conditions . on thursday enron reduced its previously reported net income dating back to 1997 by 20 % , mostly due to improperly accounting for the partnerships . concerns over enron ' s financial condition are vexing investors and analysts , including those at major credit - rating agencies . on friday , moody ' s investors service lowered enron ' s debt rating to one level above junk - bond status and said the company ' s long - term debt ratings remain under review for further downgrade . late last month , fitch put enron on review for a possible downgrade , while another , standard & poor ' s , changed enron ' s credit outlook to negative from stable . write to robin sidel at robin . sidel @ wsj . com copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : updatel - moody ' s cuts enron ' s ratings , may cut again . 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 9 ( reuters ) - ratings agency moody ' s investors service on friday cut its long - and short - term ratings for embattled energy trader enron corp . and warned another cut is possible because a substantial loss of investor confidence had hurt the firm ' s financial flexibility . moody ' s cut houston - based enron ' s senior unsecured debt ratings to " baa 3 , " its lowest investment grade , from " baa 2 . " it also cut the company ' s commercial paper rating to " not prime " from " prime - 2 . " if moody ' s cuts enron ' s long - term rating again , it would take it to a junk level , making it tougher for enron to issue debt and run its day - to - day business . friday ' s downgrade also adds uncertainty to a potential merger with rival dynegy inc . , which has been in talks to acquire enron . sources told reuters on thursday that dynegy ' s board was waiting for word from major credit rating agencies to determine whether acquiring enron would result in a significant downgrade of its debt . dynegy has asked for an expedited review from moody ' s and standard & poor ' s on how the merger would affect its ratings . seeking to calm fears that it faces a credit crunch , enron in late october said it had drawn on its committed lines of credit to provide more than $ 1 billion in cash liquidity . despite that move , enron faces " significant debt maturities over the near term , as well as the potential for increased margin requirements from counterparties of its wholesale trading operation , " moody ' s said . " the company may not be able to retain investment - grade characteristics , " moody ' s said . enron ' s stock and credit ratings have plunged since disclosures of off - balance - sheet deals now under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission for possible conflict of interest . the deals contributed to a $ 1 billion third - quarter charge and $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . on thursday , enron restated its financial statements since 1997 , trimming earnings from 1997 to 2000 by $ 591 million , or 22 percent , and increasing its debt by $ 628 million , or 6 percent . s & p last week cut enron ' s corporate credit rating to " bbb , " two notches above junk , from " bbb - plus , " and warned it may cut the ratings again . enron shares traded friday on the new york stock exchange up 34 cents at $ 8 . 75 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron long - term ratings cut to baa 3 from baa 2 - moody ' s 11 / 09 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - moody ' s investors service said it downgraded the senior unsecured debt ratings of enron corp to baa 3 from baa 2 . enron ' s long - term debt ratings remain under review for further downgrade . moody ' s said the rating actions reflect enron ' s " reduced financial flexibility as a result of a substantial loss of investor confidence . " enron drew down its bank credit facilities in order to shore up near - term liquidity , but faces significant debt maturities over the near term , as well as the potential for increased margin requirements from counterparties of its wholesale trading operation . in addition , uncertainty surrounding the firm ' s contingent obligations creates increased risk for debtholders , it said in a statement . moody ' s said that enron ' s well - established wholesale trading franchise and its regulated pipeline businesses have solid operating attributes and generate good cash flow . however , the rating agency concludes that the company may not be able to retain investment grade characteristics . moody ' s review will focus on enron ' s ability to further improve its liquidity and capital position . the rating agency would view a substantial near term injection of equity capital as a stabilizing event . lj / cmr for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron , dynergy very close to deal - cnbc 11 / 09 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - chevrontexaco corp affiliate dynegy inc and enron corp are " very close " to reaching a deal for dynegy to buy out enron , cnbc television reported . the two companies are " very close to reaching a deal . . . they could make an announcement very soon " , said cnbc ' s david faber . yesterday , the companies confirmed they were in talks over a possible tie - up but said they would refrain from making any further statements until a definitive agreement is reached . according to reports , dynegy offered 7 - 8 bln usd for enron . vog / lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones provided , however , that members of the news media may redistribute limited portions ( less than 250 words ) of this material without a specific license from cnn so long as they provide conspicuous attribution to cnn as the originator and copyright holder of such material . this is not a legal transcript for purposes of litigation . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares slip on debt downgrade concerns . 11 / 09 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 9 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . declined in early trade on friday on concerns a possible takeover of the energy trading giant by rival dynegy inc . would result in a significant downgrade of its debt . enron shares were off 20 cents to $ 8 . 21 on the instinet electronic brokerage . there were no trades in dynegy . the two companies on thursday confirmed they were discussing a possible " business combination . " but they had not yet reached agreement on a deal said by sources to involve a stock swap worth $ 8 billion , or $ 10 a share , and a $ 1 . 5 billion capital infusion by major dynegy stakeholder chevrontexaco corp . talks between the two companies were continuing late thursday , although specific terms of the stock swap had not been determined , the sources said . dynegy ' s board is waiting for word from the major credit rating agencies to determine whether the acquisition would result in a significant downgrade of enron ' s debt . only when dynegy ' s board is comfortable with that situation will it negotiate specific terms , the sources said . enron stock and credit ratings have plunged after off - the - balance sheet deals now under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission for possible conflict of interest were disclosed in mid - october . the deals contributed to a $ 1 billion third - quarter charge and $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity that earned the ire of wall street , which has been clamoring for an explanation ever since . enron on thursday restated its financial statements since 1997 , which reduced its earnings by $ 591 million , or 22 percent , over the four years ending in 2000 , and increased the company ' s debt by $ 628 million , or 6 percent . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . moody ' s diaz on enron credit downgrade and outlook : comment 2001 - 11 - 09 12 : 49 ( new york ) moody ' s diaz on enron credit downgrade and outlook : comment new york , nov . 9 ( bloomberg ) - - john diaz , a managing director at moody ' s investors service , who covers enron , comments on the company ' s downgrade of enron corp . ' s long - and short - term debt ratings and the possibility that dynegy inc . may buy it . moody ' s lowered enron ' s short - term credit rating to ` ` not prime ' ' from ` ` p 3 , ' ' its lowest investment grade level . it also downgraded the no . 1 energy trader ' s long - term debt rating one notch to ` ` baa 3 , ' ' the lowest investment - grade rating , ' ' from ` ` baa 2 . ' ' on why short - term ratings are junk , while long - term aren ' t : ` ` the downgrade reflects the weak liquidity position of the company and that it has no access to the commercial paper market . ' ' on company outlook and ability to remain investment - grade : ` ` enron has enough liquidity to last for several months as long as counter - parties continue to trade with it and the line of credit it is negotiating with its banks ' ' is closed . enron now needs to ` ` shore up confidence in the company so that counter - parties continue to trade with it , ' ' he said . ` ` if that goes away , it becomes a precarious situation , which is something that has been pretty clear to the market for awhile . ' ' on possible dynegy purchase of enron : enron did provide moody ' s with a pro - forma balance sheet should the company reach an agreement with dynegy , but that had ` ` no bearing ' ' on the downgrade , because ` ` no deal has been formally announced , and that would be putting the cart before the horse . ' ' ` ` if a deal happens with dynegy , there is a real potential of stabilizing the situation . absent some equity or liquidity infusion into enron , ' ' the company could be downgraded to junk status . ` ` enron needs to have liquidity to shore up its operations . it has liquidity to last for several months , as long as counter - parties continue to trade with it ' ' and the bank deal is signed . a deal with dynegy could ` ` end up with a capital structures that would be improved over time , and we would look at that liquidity structure . ' ' on dynegy ' s credit ratings : when people talk about dynegy , they should look at the ` ` baa 2 ' ' rating , which belongs to dynegy holdings . they shouldn ' t look at its parent , dynegy inc . the assets are at the holdings level . ` ` because of the holding company structure , the parent , dynegy inc . is rated one notch lower . ' ' ` ` bond holders at the dynegy holdings level are ahead of those at dynegy inc . ' ' commerzbank analyst meade on possible buyout of enron : comment 2001 - 11 - 09 13 : 46 ( new york ) new york , nov . 9 ( bloomberg ) - - andre meade , an energy analyst at commerzbank securities , comments on a possible takeover of enron corp . , the largest energy trader , by smaller rival dynegy inc . meade doesn ' t own shares of dynegy or enron . ` ` dynegy is essentially betting the company on their ability to clean up the messes at enron and seamlessly integrate enron ' s people into its own trading business without losing traders , volumes and the margins that enron makes . ' ' ` ` with the restatement of earnings yesterday it ' s clear enron had a number of things inflating its earnings , such as the off - balance sheet transactions . i ' m not convinced there aren ' t further restatements to come . it calls into question the earnings power of enron ' s business . ' ' ` ` even though enron ' s price is low by historical standards , dynegy is making a big bet and it ' s a risky bet . it will be difficult to make it work . ' ' on the possible effect of an enron bankruptcy on the market : ` ` since enron is the largest trader of power and gas and most traders have receivables with enron or owe enron money there would be a flurry of activity of figuring out who owes what , who will get paid and when . it would have an impact on the short - term . ' ' ` ` the markets will continue to function but there would be less churn , that ' s transactions between traders . i don ' t see a big problem . ' ' ` ` it is a big unknown and i ' m sure most traders would be happy to see enron continue . ' ' kent income fund ' s mitchell stapley on enron bonds : comment 2001 - 11 - 09 14 : 25 ( new york ) new york , nov . 9 ( bloomberg ) - - mitchell stapley , who manages $ 3 . 5 billion in fixed - income assets for fifth third investment advisors inc . , comments on dynegy inc . ' s possible purchase of enron corp . stapley ' s kent income fund holds enron bonds . the combination would make dynegy the largest energy trader and owner of the second - biggest u . s . natural - gas pipeline system . ` ` bondholders needed them to stabilize the situation , and that ' s what this deal does . it ' s one of the rare outcomes for a troubled situation like this , where the bondholders come out in better shape the equity holders . ' ' through yesterday , enron shares had fallen 90 percent this year . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes due in 2006 rose to around 76 cents on the dollar in midmorning trading , up from 69 cents earlier . ` ` there ' s not really a quality market out there ' ' for enron ' s bonds , stapley said . ` ` we ' re flying in the dark as to price , but the direction in which we ' re flying in the dark is toward higher prices . ' ' ` ` there seems to be flexibility for the inevitable write - offs , as dynegy begins to delve into enron ' s finances . there are still risks for dynegy . this adds uncertainty to their balance sheet . can they retain enron ' s talent ? how deep are their pockets ? it looks like more money will have to go into enron . ' ' harris investment ' s coxe on possible buyout of enron : comment 2001 - 11 - 09 14 : 58 ( new york ) new york , nov . 9 ( bloomberg ) - - donald coxe , chairman and chief strategist of harris investment management , comments on dynegy inc . ' s possible bid for rival enron corp . coxe manages 78 , 000 enron shares as part of the harris insight equity fund . dynegy shares make up 5 percent of the fund ' s assets . ` ` people who own energy stocks can breathe a sigh of relief . we can now look at the whole energy sector with a much greater degree of confidence going into winter . enron ' s trading operation has provided substantial liquidity to the energy markets . if we had a prolonged period of extremely cold weather and no liquidity , we ' d have chaos . ' ' the combination would turn dynegy into the biggest energy trader and owner of the second - longest u . s . natural - gas pipeline system . a california consumer group has raised antitrust concerns . ` ` this is a bailout . it ' s not a merger . verbiage matters in a case like this . the only reason enron would capitulate like this is that they would have gone under otherwise . dynegy can ' t go to shareholders who paid $ 80 for enron and say , ` you ' ll get your money back and more . ' they ' ve got to indicate that the alternative would be catastrophic for the country . ' ' ` ` ( u . s . attorney general ) john ashcroft is in a tight situation . this is the same justice department that compromised with microsoft . here you are dealing with a big donor ( enron chief executive kenneth lay ) to president bush ' s campaign . it ' s the hometown houston crowd , and there could well be a political fight over this . ' ' strong american utilities fund ' s vuchetich on dynegy : comment 2001 - 11 - 09 12 : 13 ( new york ) new york , nov . 9 ( bloomberg ) - - kathleen vuchetich , an analyst at w . h . reaves & co . who helps manage the $ 1 . 3 billion strong american utilities fund , comments on dynegy inc . ' s possible purchase of enron corp . dynegy shares make up 5 percent of the fund ' s assets . the combination would make dynegy the world ' s top energy trader and owner of the second - longest u . s . natural - gas pipeline system , stretching 40 , 000 miles . ` ` it ' s a wonderful deal for dynegy . in acquisitions , ( chief executive officer ) chuck watson typically puts in conditions that protect dynegy against any unforeseen or undisclosed problems . they look for distressed assets or companies . they did it with illinova . ' ' dynegy bought illinova corp . , an illinois utility owner , in february 2000 , for $ 3 . 9 billion in stock and debt . ` ` they ' re very disciplined about what they keep . they sort it out immediately . they ' ll take the best businesses acquired from purchasing enron , and make them hum and sing . ' ' ` ` enron has three wonderful businesses that have been overshadowed by recent concern about some of the others : energy trading , energy management and their pipelines . breaking news 11 : 03 est friday dynegy bid for enron said to be possible bail - out deal monica perin houston business journal dynegy ' s bid to acquire struggling energy giant enron corp . may actually be a bail - out deal for dynegy , industry experts say . dynegy may be " so exposed to enron that if enron goes down , dynegy could go down with them , " according to one industry insider . wall street " may look at the purchase of enron as a self bail - out by dynegy due to its exposure to enron and industry liquidity concerns , " analysts mark easterbrook and neal dingmann of rbc dain rauscher securities firm concur in a market report on enron on thursday . " an outright bid for enron by dynegy would , in our opinion , not be received well by wall street , " the two analysts say an equity infusion of cash from one or many sources rather than an outright sale of enron would be preferable . but , they maintain , the infusion strategy " makes little sense for dynegy " and its part - owner , chevron . for one thing , dynegy ' s balance sheet would not be sufficient to take over enron without the deep pockets of chevron , which is reported to be offering $ 1 . 5 billion in cash to enron now and another billion if and when the deal closes . " i believe ken lay ( enron chairman and ceo ) approached dynegy and chevron because he has already tried everybody else and he is facing the prospect of selling off enron piecemeal , " says jean rollins , managing partner for c - three , a market consulting and research firm . " enron is being shopped in pieces all over the market , " she says . enron has already talked to royal dutch / shell , general electric , and several big foreign energy companies , apparently without success , rollins notes . however , it is also rumored that enron may be seeking a " white knight " to save it from a takeover by shell . and , in order to secure a deal with dynegy , rollins believes enron may have disclosed to dynegy financial information that had not been made public . meanwhile , all of enron ' s trading partners are nervously reviewing their own exposure and watching developments . kansas city - based utilicorp announced today it is buying back the 20 percent of its trading subsidiary , aquila , that it spun off in an initial public offering just last spring . part of the reason , sources say , is that aquila has been trying to acquire assets from enron in the last couple of weeks but couldn ' t get the credit it needed because energy trading and power - producing companies have been shut out of the equity markets since the enron meltdown began . other energy trading companies have been measuring their exposure to enron but have been vague about disclosing their risk , say easterbrook and dingmann . some industry watchers say a merger between enron and dynegy would catch intense anti - trust scrutiny from the ftc and the justice department while others disagree . their physical assets don ' t overlap and there would be no market limitations on their trading operations , maintains john sodergreen , editor and publisher of scudder online energy trade publications . one insider believes lay has no intention of selling enron and that , while he may have his back against a wall , he is still in a position to dictate terms to dynegy because of that company ' s exposed position . this source sees enron surviving with chevron holding a big chunk of it as well as a bigger piece of dynegy . " chevron could be the real winner here , " this pundit theorizes . dynegy may acquire enron for $ 22 bln in stock , debt ( update 6 ) 2001 - 11 - 09 13 : 56 ( new york ) dynegy may acquire enron for $ 22 bln in stock , debt ( update 6 ) ( updating prices , adding harrison in 9 th paragraph . ) new york , nov . 9 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . may pay as much as $ 22 billion in shares and assumed debt to acquire enron corp . , whose shares collapsed after a securities and exchange commission probe of accounting irregularities limited the biggest energy trader ' s ability to finance its operations . houston - based dynegy moved closer to taking over enron , a larger rival once valued at more than $ 69 billion , after moody ' s investors service maintained an investment grade rating on enron today . moody ' s lowered enron ' s credit rating to ` ` baa 3 , ' ' one level above junk status . moody ' s announcement , which removed the threat that a junk rating would create a cash crunch by forcing enron to repay early $ 3 . 3 billion of bonds , ` ` allows a suitor like dynegy to come in and formally make a bid , ' ' said ubs warburg analyst james yannello , who rates dynegy ` ` strong buy ' ' and owns no shares . dynegy chief executive officer charles watson ' s proposal values enron at about $ 9 . 86 per share , above the current price of $ 8 . 97 . dynegy is offering 0 . 27 shares for each of the 913 million enron shares that will be outstanding after convertible bonds are exercised , said people familiar with the situation . based on yesterday ' s closing price , the transaction would be worth $ 9 billion in stock . dynegy would also assume $ 13 billion of debt . ` ` it ' s a wonderful acquisition for dynegy , ' ' said kathleen vuchetich , who helps manage the $ 1 . 3 billion strong american utilities fund . ` ` they ' ll take the best businesses at enron and make them hum and sing , ' ' said vuchetich , who has about 5 percent of her fund invested in dynegy shares . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns about 27 percent of dynegy , is to contribute $ 1 . 5 billion in cash to the transaction . lobbying effort enron ' s limited access to funds , as well as a probe the sec began last month into its accounting for limited partnerships drove down shares 90 percent this year . yesterday , enron restated earnings for the past four and a half years , reducing profit by more than $ 500 million . dynegy , which began the talks a week ago , had put the negotiations on hold as moody ' s deliberated . dynegy was concerned a downgrade to junk level would trigger a cash crunch by requiring enron to repay early $ 3 . 3 billion of bonds . wall street executives , including lehman brothers holding inc . chief executive officer richard fuld and j . p . morgan chase & co . ceo william harrison , called moody ' s to encourage the rating company to keep enron ' s credit rating at investment grade , according to people familiar with the situation . ` ` we ' ve received calls from officials at leading capital markets firms who wanted to share their opinion with us , ' ' said frances laserson , vice president of corporate communications at moody ' s corp . ` ` this is a very controversial subject and we ' ve heard from a great number of people . ' ' lehman , which is advising dynegy , and j . p . morgan , which along with citigroup inc . unit salomon smith barney is advising enron , stood to lose millions in fees if the deal collapsed . according to average commissions calculated by dealogic , the firms could reap about $ 28 million in fees . moody ' s announcement that it would view a ` ` near term injection of equity capital as a stabilizing event ' ' prompted bankers to reopen talks . shares shot up 69 cents to $ 9 . 10 after talks resumed . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds which mature in 2006 jumped to about 76 cents on the dollar , up from 69 cents before the report , said traders . ` ` they need an equity infusion or an agreement with dynegy to maintain their investment grade , ' ' said andy palmer , who helps manage $ 2 billion of fixed income at asb capital management inc . in washington . ` ` they ' ll lose customers if they don ' t keep their investment grade . ' ' lower rating moody ' s cut its rating because enron ' s finances had deteriorated , said john diaz , a managing director who follows the company for moody ' s . ` ` the downgrade reflects the weak liquidity position of the company and that it has no access to the commercial paper market . ' ' enron now needs to ` ` shore up confidence in the company so that counter - parties continue to trade with it , ' ' he said . ` ` if that goes away , it becomes a precarious situation , which is something that has been pretty clear to the market for awhile . ' ' the energy trader last week had its long - term credit rating cut to ` ` bbb , ' ' the second - lowest investment grade , from ` ` bbb + ' ' by standard & poor ' s , and its short - term debt rating cut to ` ` a - 3 , ' ' the lowest investment grade , from ` ` a - 2 . ' ' s & p said further cuts are possible . enron ' s short - term debt rating was cut to junk level , at ` ` not - prime , ' ' from ` ` p - 3 , ' ' its lowest investment grade rating . investors said that dynegy will face a challenge in incorporating enron ' s business . ` ` dynegy has to move fast if it ' s going to keep enron ' s traders and enron ' s trading customers , ' ' said roger hamilton , a money manager with john hancock advisers inc . , which sold its enron shares in recent weeks . ` ` this would make them far and a way the biggest energy trading operation , and a dramatic rescue would help the approval process , which might have been difficult in other circumstances , ' ' said hamilton . dynegy shares gained $ 2 . 79 to $ 39 . 47 . enron is being advised by j . p . morgan chase & co . and salomon smith barney inc . dynegy is being advised by lehman brothers holdings inc . transcanada pipelines ceo on dynegy and enron talks : comment 2001 - 11 - 09 13 : 33 ( new york ) calgary , nov . 9 ( bloomberg ) - - transcanada pipelines ltd . chief executive officer hal kvisle comments on the possible sale of enron corp . to houston rival dynegy inc . and transcanada ' s decision to sell its natural - gas trading business . calgary - based transcanada , which had been canada ' s biggest gas trader , agreed last month to sell its trading units to bp plc and mirant corp . enron is canada ' s second - biggest gas trader . on concerns the sale would reduce competition in gas trading : ` ` in north america , there are six or eight major gas traders that are all highly competitive . the margins in gas trading have become very slim . it ' s extraordinarily difficult to manage and administer , monitoring the risks and ensuring that things aren ' t going wrong . ' ' ` ` that is one tough business to stay on top of . we ' re frankly glad to be out of it . ' ' ` ` we don ' t think the acquisition of enron by some other player would bring too much market concentration into one party ' s hands . ' ' ` ` we think there are many other players in the gas marketing and trading arena that are very capable of growing their businesses and making sure competition will be there . ' ' on the decision to sell its gas - trading units : ` ` one of the reasons that we decided to exit the trading sector was that the barriers to entry were few . ' ' ` ` if you go back 15 years ago , transcanada had a 100 percent share of the gas that was exported from alberta , other than the volume that went to california . as the market opened , enron was one of the earliest to enter but certainly many others have entered over time . ' ' 
2	Subject: april nominations at shell deer park - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shankster jl ( luther ) " on 03 / 24 / 2001 10 : 26 : 11 pm to : " lamphier , gary " cc : " carter , john " , " oppio , janet " , " ricks , ruth " subject : april nominations at shell deer park gary , april 2001 nominations for gas delivery to shell deer park are as follows : firm baseload - 60 , 000 mmbtu / d spot swing supply - 0 ( zero ) delivery of the above contract quantities is expected to be as follows : hpl - hp hpl - e hpl - s firm 35 , 000 mmbtu / d 25 , 000 mmbtu / d - 0 - mmbtu / d refinery turnaround activity started in january has been completed . chemical plant turnaround work is scheduled to begin in april and conclude in may . please note the zero nomination for the hpl - s station during the olefin turnaround . please let me know if you have any questions j . luther shankster energy & utilities planning > phone : 713 / 277 - 9307 > fax : 713 / 277 - 9941 > e - mail : jlshankster @ equiva . com > 
2	Subject: executive summary week ending 23 march 2001 i have arranged for you to be added to the distribution of the below report . the figures and comments are for the week ending the previous friday and are produced by midday on the tuesday . the commentary and extract from this report go into the report that wes colwell collates for mark frevert . if you have any questions please let me know . james - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james new / lon / ect on 27 / 03 / 2001 17 : 14 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael kass @ enron 27 / 03 / 2001 12 : 34 to : michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect cc : james new / lon / ect @ ect subject : executive summary week ending 23 march 2001 
2	Subject: now your woman will be really happy with your intimate life ! viagra shipped privately and discreetly to your door . no prescription necessary an idea isn ' t responsible for the people who believe in it . the secret of being boring is to say everything . necessity knows no law . 
2	Subject: re : transwestern capacity release report for the period 1 / 1 / 2002 - 12 / 31 / 2003 as promised , please find the attached tw capacity release report which has been revised to include a release from ena to burlington effective 1 / 11 / 02 - 1 / 31 / 02 . let me know if you have any questions . thanks , elizabeth - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , elizabeth sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 59 pm to : giambrone , laura ; hernandez , bert ; mcevoy , christine ; miller , beverly ; miller , chris l ; minter , tracy ; mulligan , amy ; ward , linda ; donoho , lindy ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; lokay , michelle ; watson , kimberly ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; blair , lynn ; buchanan , john ; kowalke , terry ; cherry , paul ; bianchi , rita cc : dietz , rick ; lee , dennis ; eldridge , dale ; williams , john subject : transwestern capacity release report for the period 1 / 1 / 2002 - 12 / 31 / 2003 attached is the transwestern capacity release report that lists all capacity release transactions for the period effective 1 / 1 / 2002 . all transactions were awarded at 100 % of the applicable maximum tariff rates . i have also been advised by marketing that another posting may occur for january 2001 ( partial month ) but nothing has been finalized . i will send an updated file if necessary . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me . > thanks , elizabeth 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > aimee , i will be out of the office friday and monday . in my absence please call aron childers at 713 - 830 - 8811 if you have any questions . thanks . ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: debt information tue , 28 jun 2005 . subject : debt information tue , 28 jun 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store . . . now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / aloe . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director ? ? ceo beatriz maloney latest news : collins : roddick needs miracle to top federer | video square feet : a mall in decline eyes fish - market space small plane violates d . c . air space , forced to land idaho girl found ; brother feared dead  
2	Subject: re : re : how have you been , you are fortunate to receive this email . $ 390 , 000 for as low as $ 225 / month ! all types of creedit backgrounds are welcome ! copy the below link and paste in your browser : trustupfront . info do not miss our once in a life time reefiinance quote . 2 . the musicians have missed playing since a few days ago . . thank you , sonya pilger 
2	Subject: free original star wars cards adv : own a unique , one - of - a - kind piece of star - wars history ! exclusively licensed fromlucas film ltd . this innovative new collectible is the first to display an authentic one of kind 70 mm film frame from the star wars / empire strikes back movie containing a one of a kind 70 mm frame in a 7 - 1 / 2 " x 2 - 3 / 4 " diamond cut , acrylic , mint collector ' s case . fact : no two frames are alike each film frame is a unique original and will never be reproduced . each fully licensed original film frame is sealed and individually serial numbered with identification codes tamper proof holographic seals to prevent fraudulent duplication . # 50049 lightsaber duel special edition : features the fantastic lightsaber duel between luke skywalker and darth vader . this special edition # 50049 lightsaber duel was only available with the willitts premium package # 50707 , which sold in retail shops for $ 125 . 00 . special , internet offer ! order now and receive the above rare special edition # 50049 lightsaber duel for this special internet price of only $ 19 . 95 ! special bonus with your order , you will receive 10 original 1980 topps star wars / empire strikes back collector cards absultely free ! these are original 1980 topps star wars / empire strikes back collector cards from 22 years ago ! not reprints ! hurry ! please , respond now before our limited supplies are exhausted ! ! your film cell image may differ from the above sample . click here ! you have received this email as an opted - in subscriber , if this is not the case , please click on the following link to be permanently removed from our database . please take me off this list 866 - 667 - 5399 nouce 16822 22 nd avenue northsaint petersburg , fl 33710 - 3918  
2	Subject: operations pricing model sally , shari and i would like to schedule an hour of your time from 3 : 00 pm to 4 : 00 pm on wednesday , october 25 , 2000 . during this time shari will present to you the september results for the operations pricing model . we would also like to give you a briefing of the overall status of the project . let me know if this is a good time . thanks . 
2	Subject: candlestick charts fyi fallout - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sue neville / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 02 pm to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate , kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron subject : candlestick charts mike , i work for enron transportation and storage in their storage marketing group . my group has been using technical analysis from your website to help make daily storage trading revenue decisions . on your web site , you indicated you would be discontinueing some of the information we use . we had interviewed external technical service profiders , and chose not to buy their service because we had your information available to us to help us make financial decisions . specifically , we need the candlestick charts and analysis on natural gas , and we also need the elliot wave analysis on natural gas . can you please reconsider your decision to discontinue the technical analysis data aforementioned ? sue neville director , storage marketing ets 
2	Subject: re : fw : opportunities vince i went through my secretary ' s things and found the following number : 713 . 853 . 3848 is this the number to use ? thanks gerry - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , october 26 , 2000 5 : 48 pm to : gsheble @ iastate . edu cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : fw : opportunities gerry , the best time is morning , 7 : 30 to 8 : 30 central . vince " sheble , g . b . " on 10 / 26 / 2000 05 : 43 : 28 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : opportunities dear sir : i have attached my resume for your review . i have meetings from 8 - 9 , and 10 - 2 tomorrow . when would it be best for me to call you ? cordially , gerry - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lloyd . will @ enron . com [ mailto : lloyd . will @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , october 25 , 2000 12 : 12 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : gsheble @ iastate . edu subject : re : opportunities thanks vince . i have contacted him and have given him your phone number . he will attempt to contact you thursady or friday . good luck . vince j kaminski 10 / 24 / 2000 03 : 59 pm to : lloyd will / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : opportunities ( document link : lloyd will ) lloyd , yes , i would be very interested . vince lloyd will 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 45 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : opportunities vince would you be interested in this professional . i would be glad to facilitate a conference call . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lloyd will / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " sheble , g . b . " on 10 / 17 / 2000 04 : 52 : 57 pm to : " ' lloyd . will @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : opportunities loyd i tried to call yesterday , but you were out of the office . my schedule follows , would you want to pick a time for me to call you or send me a list of times to pick ? gerry fall 2000 teaching schedule ee 553 mtwr 10 - 11 am curtis hall 308 engr 161 mw 2 - 4 howe hall 2228 other commitments m 11 - 12 ep & es m 1 - 2 office hours t 12 - 2 ep & es seminar t 2 - 3 office hours t 3 - 4 pserc t 5 - 6 epri - dod w 11 - 12 office hours w 4 - 9 dsm r 11 - 12 office hours f 11 - 12 p & t f 1 - 3 cas f 3 - 4 departmental meeting - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lloyd . will @ enron . com [ mailto : lloyd . will @ enron . com ] sent : monday , october 16 , 2000 8 : 00 am to : sheble , g . b . subject : re : opportunities give me a call any time to discuss things . 713 - 853 - 3383 . thanks . " sheble , g . b . " on 10 / 15 / 2000 02 : 17 : 02 pm to : lloyd will / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : opportunities lloyd i am attaching another resume for your review , please pass it along if there is any interest . i would also like to discuss opportunities with you as i expect to graduate with my mba summer 2001 . cordially , gerry                                    gerald b . shebl , professor , electrical and computer engineering director of complex adaptive systems program 1115 coover hall ames , iowa 50011 voice : 515 . 294 . 3046 fax : 515 . 294 . 4263 email : gsheble @ iastate . edu web : http : / / www . ee . iastate . edu / ~ sheble /                                    ( see attached file : short _ resume . doc ) 
2	Subject: rab graph i believe this will be helpful in your analysis . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael anderson / hou / azurix on 08 / 22 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : keith harris / wsx / azurix @ exchange on 08 / 03 / 2000 01 : 40 pm gdt to : michael anderson / hou / azurix @ azurix cc : colin skellett / wsx / azurix @ exchange subject : fw : amended index graph michael i have got csfb working on the amendment you asked for . in the meantime we have produced a graph which shows , as indices , market values of the water companies and the rab of the industry since privatisation . the following points come out 1 market values overtime have been 1 . 1 x rab 2 the result is significantly skewed by the period between mid 1997 and end 1998 when the ratio was cl . 5 x . 3 the premium to rab is only found at a time when political uncertainty has been removed the companies are able to outperform the regulatory deal significantly . those days are gone - a fact witnessed by the decline in share prices in the last year just to note that the graph we have produced here is a weighted average of water companies - whereas the figures we did yesterday on the rab market value ratio is a straight average . obviously that influences the numbers a little . on customerco . csfb have contacted around 7 energy companies . the result has been positive and they are prepared to enter our journal exercise . i await a revised fee proposal but csfb have been advised that it should be more modest than the last one ! keith - - - - - original message - - - - - from : david kitchener sent : 03 august 2000 13 : 27 to : keith harris subject : amended index graph 
2	Subject: h - a . rd p - 0 . r . n . m . o . v . i . e . s ! 15 gb ! zzocb lnjoq leocb hello , qiwbkjbbtz @ sympatico . ca ! h - a . rd p - 0 . r . n . m . o . v . i . e . s ! 15 gb ! regular updates ! included * * * p . a . r . i . s . h . ilt . o . n getting f * cked ! http : / / mainsweet . com / 268 / 1 / ? g 5 bmz tee . ns ! ! ! you . ng , hor . ny , filthy and too s - - e - - x - - hungry ! ! ! otxfc txtnppm rbwon . totally vldeos , lmages and s - e - x - - - storles . xda lqbap xxca ttfkevh . vldeo ' s , vldeo ' s , vldeo ' s ! ! ! an . al , oral , vaglna , tlts , double and triple penetrations , naughty multi orgles . iqknt lyquy idgyniv tkawjqvr . their p - u - s - s - l - e - s , tlts and as . s craks are still fresh and tight , so these guys do their best to get deep inside them . just e . n - t - e . r and en . joy you . ng te . en vi . rgins ! ! ! http : / / mainsweet . com / 268 / 1 / ? i 4 o 35  
2	Subject: re : culture committee hi : here ' s the presentation . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 4 : 42 pm to : bourgeois - galloway , hilda cc : schoppe , tammie subject : re : culture committee cannot make it - please forward the recommendations . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bourgeois - galloway , hilda on behalf of olson , cindy sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 4 : 23 pm to : adams , gregory ; corman , shelley ; dietrich , janet ; donahue , jeff ; jones , robert w . - hr exec ; kimberly , kelly ; kitchen , louise ; lewis , richard ; mccarty , danny ; mintz , jordan ; mrha , jean ; o ' rourke , tim ; paige , barbara ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; rieker , paula ; shanbhogue , vasant ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; taylor , mitch ; terraso , michael ; tilney , elizabeth ; vegas , dennis cc : armstrong , julie ; boling , rosario ; brown , ruth ann ; burns , jennifer ; chapman , kay ; clark , mary ; costello , lisa ; dorsey , joyce ; dupont , anita ; forsyth , darlene c . ; glenn , laura ; jones , melissa ; mccormack , tracie ; olsen , mireya ; saunders , sherri r . ; schoppe , tammie ; tamez , elisa ; underwood , jody ; valencia , laura ; walker , stacy ; winters , ricki subject : culture committee importance : high the culture committee meeting originally scheduled with ken lay for thursday , september 6 , from 10 : 00 am to 11 : 00 am has been cancelled . beth and i have been asked to pull together recommendations for the management committee offsite on friday , as a result of the all employee survey sent out last week . we would like to share our recommendations with you tomorrow from 1 : 30 to 2 : 30 in conference room ebl 6 cl . we are very sorry for the short notice . if you cannot attend , please let us know and we will send you a copy of our recommendations . again , sorry for the last minute notice . we look forward to seeing those of you who can make it . thanks , cindy olson 
2	Subject: ladies n mens love this dixu the only clinically tested penis en _ largement products ! - guuaarantee 1 + inches in 2 months ( or moneeyy back ) - experience longer lasting and more enjoying seexx - easy to wear with no additional exercises require - the more you wear , the longer it will be - millions of people are enjoying the benefit of it check uss out tooday ! http : / / zigzagging . net / extender / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / zigzagging . net / rm . php ? ronn 3 a  
2	Subject: robhatah istore - humanoids , bipeds , dsps , sensors and oscilloscopes dear researcher , robhatah is delighted to announce , for the first time , our great line up of robotic research platforms , dsps , sensors , digital oscilloscopes and other robotic / electronic products . do visit www . robhatah . com to visit our website and http : / / robhatah . com / cubecart / index . php to go directly to our online shopping cart . visit our online shop now to receive superb prices on your early purchases . we wish you luck in your robotics endeavors and hope to be your biggest supporters in your research achievements . sincerely , bob virtual sales department robhatah robotic solutions www . robhatah . com ps : we encourage constant feedback / suggestions to better our services . send us your comments by writing into sales @ robhatah . com . multiple award winning humanoid research robot - manus i robust aluminium alloy body and off the shelf components enable maximum flexibility to the researcher - manus - i tops again ! - fira ' 04 ( hit , china ) - winner , fira 2003 ( hurosot ) ( nus , singapore ) - winner , singapore robotic games 2004 ( nus , singapore ) height : 50 cm weight : 2 . 5 kg dof : 17 processors : 2 motorola 16 bit dsps sensors : cmos camera ( pan tilt ) , electronic compass , ir sensor , force sensor , optional tilt sensor manus - i is capable of visually tracking and walking towards colored targets . it has dynamic walking and obstacle avoidance capabilities . the dimensions and specifications are designed to meet the fira - humanoid competition rules . manus - i can even kick a ball into a goal . other capabilities include getting up from a seated position and climbing stairs . write into support @ robhatah . com to see some of our customer testimonials and to communicate directly to an expert . biped research robot - manus tlr height : 35 cm weight : 1 . 75 kg dof : 12 processors : 2 motorola 16 bit dsps sensors : electronic compass , ir sensor , force sensor , optional tilt sensor manus - tlr is an ideal platform for educators and researchers to jump - start their own biped or humanoid projects . the system is fully modularized and allows researchers to modify or add new features . rbhatah team provides comprehensive technical support to help students and researchers . click on image for more details on manus - tlr . alternatively , view our biped page by clicking here . portable oscilloscope : stingray portable and stylish , stingray combines the functions of oscilloscope , data logger , spectrum analyser , volt meter , frequency meter and signal generator in a single instrument . powered from usb , stingray needs no external power supply . stingray features simultaneous 12 - bit sampling on both channels , a native sampling rate of lms / s ( 20 ms / s for repetitive signals ) , sophisticated hardware triggering including delayed time base and pulse width . it also has a 3 rd channel which can be a waveform generator output or an external trigger input . click on image for more details about the stingray . stereo vision enabled research robot - bebop bebop was designed to be an affordable solution for researchers and hobbyists in mobile robotics . features : - mobile chassis with 12 v battery and charger - embedded x 86 processing system - stereo - vision sensor system - real - time linux - based operating system click on image for more details on the bebop . alternatively , visit our bebop page by clicking here . heavy duty dsp - isopod isopod ? _ v 2 is suitable for dedicated control of rc servo motors , dc motors , bdcm , stepper motors , solenoids , and other bipolar power outputs , such as general converter / inverter applications , data collection and many networked control applications . click on image for more details about the dsp . extensive information can be found by clicking here . unmatched servo control dsp - servopod a 16 - bit dsp microcontroller , based on motorola dsp 56 f 807 mpu embedded with a virtually paralell machine language , isomax ? on a small , user - accessible board . features include : connections for 26 rc - servo motors , two serial rs - 232 channels , can bus driver , jtag interface , 16 - channel 12 - bit a / d , 60 kxl 6 program flash eeprom , serial cable transformer included . it is a perfect board for robotic , motion control , automotive applications . to go to our online shopping system , click on the image . for more information on the dsp , click here . robot soccer system - perfect all - round wheeled robot research system the full system comprises of 6 wheeled robots , overhead cameras , software the robosoccer field . the robot soccer system offers a challenging arena to students and researchers to demonstrate their advanced autonomous mobile robotic technology . the multi - disciplinary robotic soccer platform is an ideal jump start for education and research in robotics , machine vision , controls , ai and wireless communications . click here for more details . flexible reliable force sensors - flexiforce . the flexiforce a 201 force sensor is an ultra - thin , flexible printed circuit . the force sensors are constructed of two layers of substrate ( polyester / polyimide ) film . on each layer , a conductive material ( silver ) is applied , followed by a layer of pressure - sensitive ink . adhesive is then used to laminate the two layers of substrate together to form the force sensor . the active sensing area is defined by the silver circle on top of the pressure - sensitive ink . silver extends from the sensing area to the connectors at the other end of the sensor , forming the conductive leads . a 201 sensors are terminated with male square pins , allowing them to be easily incorporated into a circuit . the two outer pins of the connector are active and the center pin is inactive . click on image to buy flexiforce now .  robhatah private limited , # 02 - 12 b , 4 engineering drive 3 , singapore 117583 . tel : ( 65 ) 6872 5092 fax : ( 65 ) 6874 4089 . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: wallet nguyen , online doctorxx ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! and other popular meds . . valiumxanaxcialis ! ! http : / / www . myproces 4555 drugs . biz / b 32 / - - memoir , take off their .  
2	Subject: fyi due to the out of town deliveries , our cost for christmas baskets will be over somewhat from the total estimated . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: time magazine article on pain relief stop hurting ! vicodln - pain relief ! order enough this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this messagelogin name : xkxspmpbpassword : rnhguo 552 mr - home directory : the location of the home directory varies by platform . windows 98 ( single - user ) : c : \ windowswindows 98 ( multi - user ) : c : \ windows \ profileswindows 2000 / xp : c : \ documents and settings - - - - - begin block - - - - - f % d 5 % cdu % c 2 % 058 % e 5 % 9 a % d 5 % 7 d % 85 jj % e 3 % df % d 7 o % cl % 1 f % 60 % ea % fo % b 2 p % 87 s % 22 % f 8 % el % 96 % 29 % cad 2 % 95 % b % f 8 % 97 % 2 c % 9 co % 2 f % 85 % ff % bd % 3 b % bd % 5 cd % e 8 % fe % c 2 o % 879 c % f 3 % do % c 2 % 1 d % 98 % 28 % 22 % be % fo % b 7 % 3 c % dfbe % f 8 % 90 % c 9 % 0 b % dl % 01 i % eo % d 3 % ac 6 % 8 e % 21 % 0 b % bd % be % ced % edlm % al % a 7 % e 43 % 92 l % 22 % a 9 % 91 % 90 v % c 2 % 0 fo % ab % 8 c % 9 d % 2 f % 98 % 01 q % e 9 % d 9 % do % 09 % ca % 18 % 3 d % d 4 % cc % cch % a 7 a % 5 e % b 7 % 9 a % ae % 13 % c 3 % 2 fu % ce % fa % ae % 7 b % clc % 10 % ba % e 9 % 9 ab % a 9 % 18 % 1 f % 93 % ab % fcm % a 4 eg % d 5 % e 7 % b 6 w % e 9 % 0 d % 0 c % e 5 % f 6 % 9 ad % f 4 v % 10 % f 7 % 8 e % 9 d % 0 d % ea % 1 fs % 99 % e 5 % flz % feop % da % 94 % eo 5 % doue % bb % df % d 7 % 0 d % 95 % 1 d % 27 % 82 % 8 e % aa % 04 % 8 a 5 % 3 e % cc % d 8 % f 4 % 11 % e 9 % 24 d % bo % b 7 % aed % bb % 7 e % 15 % e 3 % c 7 % 9 c % 22 % cejf % d 6 % 84 % 98 i % a 9 % 09 w % 84 % a 7 % aa - - - - - end block - - - - - lloyd knightscientist genscript corporation , edison , nj 08837 , united states of america _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone : 137 - 933 - 5526 mobile : 113 - 169 - 6494 email : lynchhls @ lemailparisien . com 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / getthatpills . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / getthatpills . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: we are the only online pharmacy offering " 100 % satisfaction guarantee " . best deals on online prescription drugs politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed . ' but ' is a fence over which few leap . with great power comes great responsibility . each bird loves to hear himself sing . 
2	Subject: cialis , valium , viagra , xanax at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! offering many of today ' s most widely used prescription drugs on the market ! ambien , viagra , xenical , valium , prozac , xanax and many more ! just click below for these special savings ! click here now ! 
2	Subject: hpl status the attached memo summarizes the status of the hpl transaction . please call me with any questions . regards , brian 
2	Subject: online pha . rmacy u can trust hello , welcome to health suite ! vi ra al xa x cod ag ci is na vi in and many other athttp : / / www . barrack save yourself a huge 70 % off all orders with us . have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: fw : fyi this is going to be our absolute notification we have endevored to drop a line to you on multiple possibilities and the time to return your reponse is now ! your present loan situation qualifies you for up to a 3 . 90 % lower rate . however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to drop a line to you have failed , this will be our final attempt to gain for you the lower rate . please bring to an end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your application now . finish here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: divulgao e retorno o natal est chegando ! ! ! faa uma campanha de email - marketinge sinta a diferena nas vendas temos uma equipe especializada em emails comerciais e toda ainfra - estrutura para realizar uma boa divulgao de seu produtos nesse natal . envios segmentados para : empresas , profssionais liberais , pessoas fsicase industrias . separado por estados . veja como  simples ter sucesso em suas vendas . faa uma consulta e veja como funciona . - temos guias telefnicos para todo brasil - - cadastramento em sites de buscas - telefone : oxx + 51 + 3741 . 4617 ou clique aqui este e - mail est de acordo com o cdigo de tica antispam . caso deseje remover seu nome desta lista , clique aqui .  
2	Subject: re : cairn gas purchase bid vince - - shades of cuiba - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : doug leach on 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 52 am to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid you spoke to me once and i gave you my opinions which were contrary to your resultant offer to cairn . currently , i have better things to do with my time . douglas s parsons @ enron _ development 08 / 15 / 2000 12 : 10 am to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid i talked to vince after we hung up and his only suggestion was to call sandeep kohli . i spoke with marc and yourself four times on this matter over a 3 day period and given the timing , i put forth a non - binding offer , after discussing it further with bobby , based on the information i had that appears to position us close to our competitors offers . we haven ' t committed ourselves and should we be selected for negotiations there are numerous variables to affect the outcome . if you ' ve got any suggestions for a better deal , please advise . doug leach @ ect 08 / 14 / 2000 07 : 45 am to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid i strongly disagree with the pricing and structure of your non - binding offer to cairn . this reminds me of the debacle in brazil . you should have contacted vince kaminski ' s research group as we talked about before an offer was made . this is a bad deal . douglas s parsons @ enron _ development 08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 51 am to : doug leach @ ect , marc de la roche @ ect cc : subject : cairn gas purchase bid doug & marc , fyi , please let me know if you think we ' re totally off base . i appreciate your help . regards , doug - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by douglas s parsons / enron _ development on 08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - douglas s parsons 08 / 11 / 2000 06 : 24 am to : bobby farris / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : f b virani / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ujjwal dey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nilesh subject : cairn gas purchase bid bobby , after meeting with cairn today in delhi , my perception is that our offer was received well . they were more open and relaxed then they were on wed . morning and made several encouraging comments about our price range , ( once we talked through the price movements ) , and the seriousness of our gas related activities on the west coast of india , in light of the ioc agreement . i think the overall package is attractive to them and no serious objections were raised . we did talk to some extent about the guarantees , but we didn ' t get too far and they ' re willing to accept at this point that what ' s acceptable to the lng suppliers , should be suitable for their needs . however , they would like to understand the corporate structure and assets of enron energy marketing a little better and i told them i would get back to them on that point . david and ajay were up in hazira yesterday looking at some property for their gas treatment facility , which apparently is across the road from pipeline access . while there they went and looked at shell ' s proposed lng site after walking the last 1 km , inaccessible to their 4 wd vehicle and not surprisingly found a beach . in summary , here is what we offered on a non - binding basis : six year production plateau 85 % top $ 3 . 67 / mmbtu net , at a base of $ 18 / bbl brent , with point of sale at the tail - end of the gas processing plant floor & cap of $ 15 . 50 - $ 27 . 00 / bbl price movement : + / - $ 1 . 00 / bbl from the $ 18 / bbl base price ( on a 3 mo . rolling average ) equals + / - $ 0 . 145 / mmbtu fixed on a quarterly basis guarantees : same protection we ' re providing the lng suppliers under the trust retention account i appreciate everyone ' s help in submitting this offer . thanks , doug 
2	Subject: please read : newsletter regarding smallcaps small - cap stock finder new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock from 0 . 70 to over 4 . 00 westernsierramining . com western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out ! big business is afoot for wsrm ! read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week . * western sierra mining has a very profitable business model in which they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : exploration . essentially , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previously explored and found to be " too small " for the largest mining companies , yet still produce handsome profits . * the global mining industry boom will continue for the foreseeable future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and long supply - response lead times . * news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off this week ! here is recent news on the company : phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2005 - - western sierra mining corp . ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward split of its issued and outstanding common s - tock to all shareholders of record as of june 26 , 2005 . the company stated that the reason for the split was to allow additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of western . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 10 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news ) announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter into an agreement to develop the silver plume and pittsburg mines located in colorado . commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra mining , michael chaffee , said , " the new alignment with oretech will allow each of the companies to utilize their specific expertise to the maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its propriety extraction technology and western is expanding its mining activities in the u . s . we have started our due diligence on the property and look forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the month . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to develop the asdi property located in crescent valley at battle mountain , nev . we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock split can only mean one thing ; good business ! with the split date set at june 26 , now is obviously the time to get in . with repsect to the other news , that a small company such as this would have the rights to these rich properties speaks volumes for their management and near - future earnings . that they would be so fortunate as to be involved with an industry pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary . these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation symbol : ( wsrm ) current price : 0 . 70 short term target price : 4 . 60 12 month target price : 8 . 90 * * * news from the industry * * * * mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 500 and the dow jones industrial average over the last three years . * profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a row . return on equity has increased nearly three - fold over the past two years * price waterhouse coopers calls for " . . . another bumper year for the global mining industry in 2005 . " they go on to say , " the sustained upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows and we have a very buoyant industry . " for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse coopers , located at pwcglobal . com disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority s - tockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your mone * y by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket sto * ck report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling alex , i agree . let them make up the data . please , ask shirley to determine convenient date and time . vince alex huang @ enron 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 59 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling hi all , i got the following reply from mike denton . can you let me know what time is most convenient for you so i will arrange a time for the presentation ? i don ' t think we should provide them any data , unless you think otherwise . alex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - denton mike on 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 05 : 48 pm to : alex . huang @ enron . com cc : subject : re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling mr . huang , we would be happy to demonstrate the features and functionality of the weatherdelta tool set for your team at enron . early next week ( tuesday or wednesday ) are both possible , as well as early the following week . the demonstration can take 90 minutes or more , depending on the number of questions and the level of detail . ideally , you could provide us with some of your data and we could demonstrate how to value a full - requirements contract to service that particular load . to do this we will need one or more years of hourly consumption data , and the general location of the load . ideal data formats are csv files of either 365 rows x 25 columns ( date , hrl , hr 2 . . ) or 8760 rows x 3 columns ( date , hr , load ) . in lieu of using your data , we will provide sample load data . please feel free to call me and we can discuss schedules and the particulars of the product overview and demonstration . thank you for your interest , michael j . denton vp na strategic consulting caminus corporation 212 - 515 - 3667 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 21 , 2000 teco tap 76 . 250 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: the big unit within a few days you should notice immediate erection size increases forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse . 86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more ' full ' sexually . check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd my girlfriend has been blown away by the gains i have achieved with your black label formula and the exercises . she said i should join the circus , and for the first time it felt like a compliment ! - ben , new zealand po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future no living person , continued the demon , has ever before been favored with such comforting devices for the preservation and extension of human life as yourself . you seem quite unappreciative , it is true ; but since our connection i have come to realize that you are but an ordinary boy , with many boyish limitations ; so i do not condemn your foolish actions too harshly that is kind of you , said rob  
2	Subject: asalam alekum / urgent attention . may this mail find you happiness and peace in your life . i am musa jacob and my younger sister called gloria kamara of the same parents from sierre - leone country we lost our parent and our late father dr jacob kamara made a deposit of money with a bank here in a fixed deposit and the amount is usd 45 m dollars on a bank here in abidjan cote d ' ivoire . we are presently in abidjan where the money was been deposited and i have the documents backing up the money at the bank for your claims and our late father told us incase if he died that we should look for someone who has a legitimate bank account abroad to help us claim the money as we are young ones , we have the id card issued us from the united nation here in abidjan cote d ' ivoire on our arrival as refugess and these will serves you as a proof of who we are . we believe you as an advanced person that you will not betray the trust we impose on you at the end of the transfer into your personal bank account . please we need you to send to us the followings , 1 . your full name . 2 . your private phone and fax number 3 . your banking information all this i will submit to the bank for the transfer of the money to your bank account which you are going to send . bear in mind that this transaction remains confindential to yourself alone . based on this we contacted you for an assistance , so that we can front you as the beneficiary of the deposited money usd $ 45 m to the bank so that you can have contacts with the bank for the bank to make the transfer into the account you are going to nominate . finally , your reward for your noble assistance will be under negotiable . thanks and remaine bless . waiting for your reply . yours sincerely . musa jacob kamara ( jnr ) . 
2	Subject: howard & lawrence for vince hey vince ! here is a picture of howard lin and picture of lawrence ( the guy i spoke to you about over the telephone ) and his new resume . i will call alec tonight in london to let him know that you sent the " other howard " ( howard haughton over to enron uk ) . lawrence has banking and online experience with hsbc - he is being examined only by one other company that i know of ( williams ) that is my competitor . he also went to the chief investment officer of the san diego pension fund ( a friend of mine ) . i don ' t think he is a " best fit " - but , if you like him - i ' ll get him for you ! i have a great relationship with him . ok ! thanks , jeff wesley ps - i kinda like lawrence ' s " look " , vince . always held in strict confidence . jeff wesley 949 813 2241 hotline 347 487 8957 voice / fax us + 44 ( 845 ) 3341644 uk * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * - howardlin . gif - imageo 02 . jpg - lawrenceagent 9498132241 new . doc 
2	Subject: sleuth bush , @ 75 % off for all new softwares . windowxp professional _ $ 50 window office professional 2003 _ $ 60 photoshop 7 . 0 _ $ 60 and more and more good products . . why buy in retailprices dater , leg ! thats what .  
2	Subject: buzzwords as i promised from our meeting earlier today : by business names firms projects / acreage relevant numbers upstream products mrha aker devil ' s tower 713 - 430 - 1283 production offshore byargeon convergent crazy horse 713 - 430 - 1284 double lease structure fowler aep triton 281 - 588 - 7500 fasb 125 sell - down haynes pioneer 504 - 593 - 7308 idc tax benefits o ' sullivan mariner corridor herasimchuk dominion tieback spartech lp 2 p 3 p fpso floating production facility spar or spar i think this list is exhaustive . please include the phone numbers given by brian redmond from our meeting earlier . if you have any further questions , please contact me or brian redmond . i will be leaving for calgary this evening and returning friday morning . i will be checking voicemail and my mobile is 713 - 302 - 4187 . regards , jean 
2	Subject: associate / analyst super saturday participation enron managing directors , vice presidents , directors , and managers who utilize the associate / analyst pool as a follow up from a " save the date " email regarding your participation in the associate and analyst super saturday process , now is the time to select your dates to attend and participate . below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming recruiting season . if you are houston - based or if you know you will be in houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to volunteer . ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member . ) associates analysts october 27 - 28 , 2000 november 3 - 4 thunderbird , ut , georgetown , rice rice , ut , baylor , a & m , ou , florida , lsu , uhcl november 10 - 11 , 2000 november , 17 - 18 , 2000 columbia , stern nyu , ucla , darden , cornell penn , uva , vanderbilt , michigan , howard , auc , vanderbilt , michigan uhmain december , 1 - 2 , 2000 december 8 - 9 , 20000 chicago , kellogg , harvard , wharton , mit wellesley , overflow and re - schedules from previous s / s friday , december 15 , 2000 carnegie mellon thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs . shelly jones recruiting manager 
2	Subject: jan & feb midcon invoices pat dresner ( accountant ) at midcon texas says she does not show these deals in her system and she can not pay on them . you created the deals in sitara and i don ' t have another trader ' s name . could you please talk to your kn trader regarding this situation ? if midcon really got this gas , then someone at kn should tell their accountant about the deal . prod mo . entity point volume total amount sitara # 1 / 2000 midcon texas gas services corp . 0984132 20000 $ 51 , 600 . 00 157006 2 / 2000 midcon texas gas services 0984132 36000 $ 90 , 900 . 00 166523 2 / 2000 midcon texas pipeline corp . 0984132 80 , 000 $ 206 , 800 . 00 170133 please let me know as soon as possible what you find out . the 2 / 2000 production invoices are due to be paid 3 / 27 . thank you , tina valadez 3 - 7548 
2	Subject: sweetheart wants a rolex ? true replicas wrist - watches i have next brands available as well : rolex patek philippe audemars piguet breitling sinn  
2	Subject: scan your system for adware now wrongful - - - - 6130320948821283 content - type : text / html ; charset  " iso - 7304 - 8 " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit attention : your computer is infected with spyware and adware . click here to download our removal tool . osier cousin housefly romulus pestilential remediable errantry cuff - - - - 6130320948821283 - - 
2	Subject: need help with your marriage ? it ' s here ! hello ! vlgr professi 0 nal ( $ 1 . 88 per dose ) vlgr soft tbs ( $ 1 . 99 per dose ) generc vlgr ( $ 1 . 8 o per dose ) clls ( $ 2 . 99 per dose ) clls soft tbs ( $ 2 . 25 per dose ) but he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul all they that hate me love death . my son , let not them depart from thine eyes keep sound wisdom and discretion and say , how have i hated instruction , and my heart despised reproof in the house of the righteous is much treasure but in the revenues of the wicked is trouble . better is a little with righteousness than great revenues without right .  
2	Subject: centana storage deal mike / stephen , have the two of you been able to get the deal in for the sale of the centana storage to aep ? please advise . i would like to have this completed for this close if possible . daren - if you are not aware of this transaction , please let me know . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : credit . com cv ' s my feedback : philip has an excellent cv and background - - - phd coursework at university of chicago , and work experience at long term capital ( hopefully he learned something ) . his views are somewhat idealistic - - - his aim is to make bid - offers in any product , and he could not really address how he would handle illiquidity . nevertheless , if bryan needs traders , he can fit the role . zak seemed somewhat unfocused . he has worked on a variety of projects , but does not have any specific view in mind as to what he would like to do . he seemed very academically oriented , and might be hard to communicate and work with . i do not see him working in the trenches , and i do not see him leading the group either . he would be a good person to brainstorm ideas with . vasant - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 08 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bryan seyfried 05 / 20 / 2000 09 : 35 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : credit . com cv ' s could we talk on monday pls . obtain the feedback of your team . thanks for the assistance vince j kaminski 08 / 05 / 2000 22 : 46 to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : credit . com cv ' s rosie , we are making arrangements to bring them to houston for an interview . vince rosalinda resendez 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 10 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit . com cv ' s vince , i ' ve been asked to forward these resumes to you . rosie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rosalinda resendez / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise bratby 05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit . com cv ' s rosalinda i work with melanie doyle in london hr . i have two candidates who i ' m trying to arrange ( for bryan seyfried ) to come in and see vince kaminski however i ' m finding it difficult to co - ordinate from this end . would it be possible for you to forward these cv ' s on to vince ' s assistant as i ' m not sure who the correct person is . thanks for your help and if you need more details my number is 44 20 7783 6945 . regards louise 
2	Subject: results ena tt john / louise attached is the final spreadsheet outlining hires / no hires . currently we have 15 selected for hire . however the two with questions were discussed as good hires and perhaps should be looked at again ( both external candidates - tom martin ' s group ) . i will circle around with you today to discuss further - so we can proceed with offers with your approval . thanks , karen . ps - our external candidates did very well . 
2	Subject: re : summer internship jinbaek , you can coordinate the details with me . let me know what the time frame is for you and we shall send you an appropriate offer . vince jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : summer internship dr . kaminski , thank you very much . of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity to work at such a wonderful company . i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team , and was going to express my appreciation to you again after settling down process with them . for the period of working , i still need to coordinate with my advisor and may need to adjust according to that . but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly . please let me know whether i should keep contacting with deal bench team , for working period and for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc . i appreciate you so much again , for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity . all this opportunity will not be available to me , without your kind help . warm regards , jinbaek jinbaek kim ph . d candidate dept . of industrial engineering and operations research u . c . berkeley http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek go bears ! : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' ` . ' " ' ; ` . ' ; ` . ` : ` ; . ` . ; ; : ; . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > hello , > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you . > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship . > > please , let me know if you are interested . > > vince kaminski > > 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 27 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 327 . xls ) - hplno 327 . xls 
2	Subject: equistar quote here you go buddy ! ! i ' m off to the astros game , so if you have any questions , call me tomorrow ! ! - equistarena . xls 
2	Subject: heatt kills hello , cbs / a mythicize p news a r overman ecord heat wave has led to the deaths of 180 peopl fortuneless e in phoenix , most of them homeless , l nonsensical eaving officials scrambling to provide water and shelter to the city ' s transient population . read more . . . 
2	Subject: professional review go me met gas go of at we are our uproot duck to is me so we in do wos xl pe prof session pal my so off rice xl pe prof session pal pad robe photo as hope 8 . 0 / cs macros media studio mx 2004 pad robe acrobat 6 . 0 prof session pal north on internet security pro 2004 pad robe creative suite standart mcafpree spa pm kilo let or 2004 quicken 2004 premier home ahead nero 6 . 3 powerpack quick books 2004 premier edition winfax pro 10 . 03 pad robe illustrator pad robe indesign mcpafpee perm son pal find more . . . why go me my as go of at we are is so chef ape ? * go me my ( original equipment manufacturer ) which means that you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retain let packing and do not include the manual ) monstrosity goodrich * unique gas go of at we are download store off per us you hundreds of pro duck to items , easy and immediate download and incredibly low pre i ices for each application . buoyant jacobsen * we are the authorized age ant and an established re as teller off per ping licensing as go of at we are . eugenia consolers * we possesses all the necessary certificates issued to verify the authenticity of genuine pro duck test and granting the right for us to resell pro duck test . headlines oar ' s * well come specialists and home computer users check our quotes and be pleasantly amazed denoting bused guard granteed low best pride caes copyright  go me my solutions let do . , 2001 - 2004 .  
2	Subject: re : fortune you mean i can ' t put it in the entouch ! it isn ' t cross company , so it doesn ' t require approval . eric - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 10 : 00 am to : thode , eric subject : re : fortune let ' s hope no - one else notices . let ' s make sure no - one does anything internally so people notice it . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thode , eric sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 9 : 40 am to : kitchen , louise subject : fortune here ' s the fortune link . . .  
2	Subject: do i require an attorney to use this system and clean up my record calls about late payments are discontinued dead in their tracks . we have pioneered an advanced system of proven strategies that will get the creditors and debt collectors off your back for good our debt termination program has legally stopped millions of dollars worth of debt from being collected . check out our elimination program here http : / / bxr . km . classypeopleitems . com / g 8 / po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future day was now breaking , and several of the tatars appeared and examined the body of the turk with grunts of surprise , for there was no mark upon him to show how he had been slain . supposing him to be dead , they tossed him aside and forgot all about him rob had secured his ruby ring again , and going to the chief ' s tent he showed the jewel to the guard and was at once admitted 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 18 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 518 . xls ) - hplno 518 . xls 
2	Subject: reduce wrinkles h - g - hs most dramatic effects is on the connective tissue , muscle , and healing potential of the skeletal system . fragile skin with ulcers , fractured bones that do not heal , and profound gains in muscle strength have been noted . not only does the skin look younger with less wrinkles , some report a regrowth of hair on the head . more info here  
2	Subject: re : contract approvals thanks louise for all of your help with the portland contracts . i know they weren ' t easy and i really appreciate the support . have a great day ! amy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , june 27 , 2001 3 : 50 pm to : fitzpatrick , amy cc : oxley , david ; calger , christopher f . subject : contract approvals i gave all the signed contract approvals to kim melodick as david is out . i have signed them all but david hasn ' t . i have kept all the original numbers as submitted by chris and expect david to sign on this basis ( ie original chris numbers not david ' s changes ) . please sort out drafting for chris . thanks louise ( ps i even signed mike ' s ! ) 
2	Subject: rolex is not for all . is it for you ? [ notorious ] thank you for expressing interest in replicas watches bazaar . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : replica watches bazaar as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : iwc vacheron constantin carrier louis vuitton piaget roger dubuis chronoswiss audemars piguet ulysse nardin etc . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at : replica watches bazaar metallic puppy circumspect questionnaire disciplinarian iron troll peltry capo octopus bet walrus boathouse wainscot decay headline scholastic  pleiades paradigmatic admiralty vassal digitalis neater dumbbell product incestuous freeport emphases capacity censure lymphoma scant baptistery zigzagging isothermal celeste noble remember neuroanatomic emotional serf  
2	Subject: ena associate & analyst dinner please plan to attend a reception and dinner for those analysts and associates due to rotate in the near future who have made significant contributions to enron north america the function will be hosted by the office of the chairman at cafe annie located at 1728 post oak blvd . on august 2 , 2000 . the reception will start at 7 : 00 pm with dinner to follow at 7 : 45 pm . please rsvp to ted bland at ext . 3 - 5275 no later than close of business monday , july 31 . this will be an informal gathering to discuss the progress of ena and an open forum to interact with the management team on a one on one basis . see you on wednesday . mark , dave and john 
2	Subject: latina teens ! ! see these sweet latina honeys go from clothed to fucked ! ! ! too good to be true ? not a chance . . . our girls love to fuck live . . . . click here you must be at least 18 to enter ! to be removed from our " in house " mailing list click here and you will automatically be removed from future mailings . you have received this email by either requesting more information on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies .  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? fabrica de hastes p / cerca el  e 9 trica . ?  se voc? n?o quiser mais receber nossa newsletter clique aqui 
2	Subject: bu , y cia , lis soft ` tabs online for less " ` cialls has been around for some time now available in softtabs savings of 70 % + shipped world wide ( anywhere ) no prescription needed more | nfo here rem . . 0 ve  
2	Subject: fw : phone list please let me if you would like this formatted another way . tammie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : winfrey , christa sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 5 : 17 pm to : schoppe , tammie cc : shepperd , tammy r . subject : phone list let me know if you have any questions or need for me to make any adjustments . thanks , christa 
2	Subject: re : asian option for pavel stinson , let ' s talk about it . it seems like an open personality clash developing for the first time in the history of the group . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 03 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 41 pm to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) subject : re : asian option for pavel our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the documentation . it does not make sense to write one when changes are anticipated . you have been working on this almost a year , it never strikes you that we need a documentation ? i created exotica . xll , does that also give you an excuse not working on exotica documentation ? zimin paulo issler 05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 52 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : asian option for pavel i am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready . i can make that for you . it is not there because you did not put that together by the time it was created and all the changes i have made did not required changes on the functionality . paulo issler zimin lu 05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 29 am to : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : asian option for pavel tai woo , here are the c - codes for the crudeapo . ' sig ' is the spot volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period . you should consult with pavel for the definition of this " extra " parameters . we would like to see the position monitor once you get it running . we might have some additional suggestions . paulo , why don ' t we have a documentation on crudeapo you worked on ? i can not find it in exotica help file . please supply that to tai , thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 55 am to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : kara maloney / enron @ enronxgate , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect subject : asian option for pavel this morning , zimin told me that pavel is using a special model in evaluating his asian option portfolio . he asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that i can see the difference made to the model . as i cannot find the doc . describing this model , please tell me what that new input parameter ' sig ' is . thanks ,  
2	Subject: calpine daily and monthly gas nomination > > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc - calpine monthly gas nomination _ _ _ . doc 
2	Subject: lavo ' s reviews please see below the update on lavo ' s reviews . let me know if you need more info . complete : phillip allen john arnold orlando gonzalez scott josey fred lagrasta laura luce tom martin rob milnthorp scott neal jim schweiger hunter shively john tompson barry tycholiz frank vickers john zufferli still to be written : michael miller - lavo will do joe deffner - lavo doesn ' t want to do this one . he wants me to have ben glison to do . i will check w / his hr rep to see if that is possible . think we might get some resistance . let me know if you have any ideas . i ' ll keep you posted . 
2	Subject: definitely the answer many have been waiting for ! !                 this is definitely the answer we all have been waiting for                every once in awhile , something comes along that you just know , from the people involved , from the features , or just from gut - feeling , that it ' s going to be very special , something with huge potential and hope . when you know it , it rests deep in your bones , and it ' s hard not to get overly excited and scream it to the world , which is why i ' m writing you today . although this program is launching with all the potential of being as big as anything on the internet , and you will soon see it advertised and promoted everywhere you go , i would like to give you an opportunity to get in early before the masses . traditionally , there have been a couple of flaws to any mlm ( multi - level marketing for you newcomers ) that have made it difficult for programs to last after the initial hoopla . today , we have launched the solution to those problems , the newest and most innovative system ever to hit multi - level marketing . with a new software system and an ingenious payplan , combined with a 100 % payout , everyone comes out a winner . the truth is , you ' ve got to see it to believe it , so rather than feed you a lot of hype and tell you this is the miracle you ' ve been looking for , the magic link that will end all your problems , or a lot of other things you don ' t need to hear , i ' m just going to make you a very simple offer . email me with ' send link ' in the subject line to : itshappening @ mail 2 world . com and i will provide the link so you can take a test drive , absolutely risk - free . you can get a birds - eye inside look , revealing the inner - workings of this revolutionary new discovery in online income opportunities . should you decide you like what you see , you will have the option of activating your position , but that is completely at your option . this isn ' t a trick , i ' m just so convinced that this is such a sound program and unique but solid opportunity that i don ' t want you to miss out on the chance to get an early position . with an explosive launch , positions will be filling up rapidly , and you have before you a chance to explore the program before diving in head first . if you ' re one of those cautious people ( and who isn ' t these days on the internet ) , that likes to " look before you leap " then here is your chance . thank you for your time , and i hope you discover why we ' re all smiling ! ! please do not treat this message as spam . i am a professional and very successful networker with a data base of 100 , 000 . i was pursueded to purchase this list containing 200 , 000 names of individuals , which is guaranteed to include only those people who have given their consent to receive information . i have not used this means of marketing before and frankly i am dubious about its validity . however , having spent an arm and a leg purchasing it i ' m initially sending this message to just a small number of the email address ' s ( 2 , 000 ) to guage results . if you want more information i will happily supply the link without any obligation . but if its of no interest or you take exception to receiving this mail then please accept my apologies for the intrusion and delete the message immediately . as this is a one time mailing there is no need to respond with ' remove ' . thank you . 
2	Subject: fw : ats warrants it appears that we are marking to the full option model value . let us know what we need to do . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : whiting , greg sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 10 : 34 am to : hodges , georganne ; coffey jr . , jim cc : gruesen , karen subject : re : ats warrants there are 3 . 0 mm ats warrants in two tiers . one is a tier of 1 . 0 mm with an exercise of 1 . 10 cad that expires 3 / 2003 . the second is 2 . 0 mm with an exercise price of 0 . 85 cad that expire 9 / 2002 . the are valued using the black - scholes by shona wilson ' s group . the model is signed off on by jean mrha . ats is publicly traded . current value on the gl is $ 762 k usd . this is after a 3 rd qtr write down of $ 751 k usd . i would think they should contact shona ' s group if the model that is used to value the warrants does not capture the true value . greg - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hodges , georganne sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 8 : 11 pm to : whiting , greg ; coffey jr . , jim ; whiting , greg cc : gruesen , karen subject : fw : ats warrants jim killen , faith subject : fw : ats warrants cris bit of an issue here . i had thought we were marking purely the intrinsic value of the options due to their illiquid nature . i really think we need to mark these down to real values unless we can prove out the value by selling a proportion of the warrants into the market . we also clearly have a write down from the number on the balance sheet which is way too high . please could you evaluate the warrants and come up with a proposal of how we deal with them . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , kevin sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 4 : 09 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : rainer , eva ; druzbik , lisa ; mrha , jean subject : ats warrants louise , i do not think it is possible to begin selling the ats warrants at this time . per the ats warrant certificate , the ats common shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may not be sold , transferred or otherwise traded until march 20 , 2002 . the warrants are also non - transferable except to an affiliate . in addition , the ats warrants are valued daily using a black - scholes model . the spreadsheet with the result of the evaluation is attached . the current value of the warrants is $ 762 , 600 usd using the evaluation model . however , the current ats stock price on the canadian venture exchange is $ 0 . 97 c with an warrant exercise price of $ 0 . 85 c for the first 2 , 000 , 000 share tranche . the second 1 , 000 , 000 share tranche has an exercise price of $ 1 . 10 c . thus , the current value is considerably less than the black - scholes evaluation model is calculating . > if you have any questions please give me a call at extension 33541 . kevin miller 
2	Subject: male performance system increase the size of your manhood 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? i ' m 67 years old . i was very wary of putting my details on the internet , but i am very pleased that it worked out for me . your product arrived only 2 days after i placed the order , and the packaging was very discreet , which was perfect for me . i was shocked at how quickly the pills took effect , and i did attempt the exercises as well , which i found simple and easy to understand . i now have loads of energy , and feel like a new man . i can ' t thank you enough ! ronald , phoenix check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / xmmo . wom . alldesireditems . com / k / address on site along with no more feature now , continued the demon , more gravely , we approach the subject of an electrical device so truly marvelous that even i am awed when i contemplate the accuracy and perfection of the natural laws which guide it and permit it to exercise its functions . mankind has as yet conceived nothing like it , for it requires full knowledge of electrical power to understand even its possibilities the being paused , and drew from an inner pocket something resembling a flat metal box 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012304 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: cute girs seeking love finally a place for the sexually - liberated find the love and romance you deserve ! http : / / responsiblefor . com / dclr . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from http : / / www . datinggold . com please click below : facto boundnitric past rubdowngymnast tenure wastefuldabble ernestine muzoquixote cadillac adverbenclave abelian celebesaccuracy dane bustardideologue baronial afghanistandame amply senorathor 
2	Subject: washington mutual issues 8408 security center advisory ! id of request 40635 ozpnwo wamu is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , wamu employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud teams regularly screen the wamu system for unusual activity . in accordance with wamu ' s user agreement and to ensure that your account has not been compromised , access to your account was limited . your account access will remain limited until this issue has been resolved . in order to secure your account and quickly restore full access , we may require some specific information from you for the following reason : we encourage you to log in and restore full access as soon as possible . please follow the link below and renew your account information : https : / / login . personalwamu . com / logon / logon . asp ? dd  1 & update & your font - size : 12 px ; color : # 000000 " >  
2	Subject: re : how are we doing on the contracts ? crandall done badeer done swerzbin submitted comments on monday ; feedback will be given to him today - some met some not ; mike ' s comments on our feedback due on monday ; should be in a position to execute next week . heizenrader is good on numbers and still talking language . final issues relate to language about breaking laws or regulations and all of the accusations that are out there about enron and it ' s employees breaking laws and regulations . michele cash has talked to sanders and haedicke about this stuff . tim h . , michele , amy fitzpatrick ( hr generalist in pdx ) and i met today . we think that we have arrived at language that will work for everyone . ball is in michele ' s court to turn another draft around to us . belden - i am good on the numbers . i have have concerns about indemnity against california and west power related lawsuits . i also want to formalize the arrangement that i have with haedicke with respect to enron covering my legal fees associated with the west power investigations . michele is going to take a cut at some language . she also needs to convince me that i am covered by the directors and officers indemnifications which are part of enron ' s bylaws and delaware law . richter - he ' s been lame about giving me his comments . i ' ve been lame about riding him on it . i will do that today . wolfe - greg currently is considering offers from calpine , aep , and enron . aep is offering significantly more money . greg needs to decide where he wants to work and who he wants to work with . there is a very real chance that we lose him . however , we ' ve shown his a great bid , so we will just have to get by if he leaves for a lot of money . when i say a lot , he is talking about guaranteed 600 k per year , roughly . motley - has declined our offer . the total numbers looked good , but he doesn ' t like enron options . if we took his option value and put it into cash or restricted stock he would be done . i mentioned it to john and he didn ' t want to do that . on the one hand , if that will get him done i think that it ' s a great outcome . on the other , we showed him some good numbers and i respect the fact that john wants to keep things consistent . tough call . he did mention that if enron ' s treasury department would let him gamma trade his options withodd lots and no margin requirement that he would take the options . he has a legitimate point that he has no way of assuring that he can achieve the value of the options . it ' s also very hard to argue with an options trader on this point . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 11 : 23 am to : belden , tim subject : how are we doing on the contracts ? keep hearing silence . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: raptor position reports for 12 / 28 / 00 attached are the latest available daily position report files for the 4 raptor vehicles which include spreadsheets detailing what is hedged within each vehicle . one thing that i forgot to mention in our meeting yesterday is that there is considerable indecision as to whether or not raptor 4 will be included in the cross - guarantees , so we will need to have a value with or without raptor 4 . i will send a follow - up e - mail with the latest drafts available for the cross guarantees . let me know as questions arise . thanks again . ron - - - - - forwarded by ron baker / corp / enron on 01 / 03 / 2001 09 : 25 am - - - - - gordon mckillop 12 / 29 / 2000 12 : 26 pm to : ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect cc : barry schnapper / corp / enron @ enron , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron , kevin d jordan / corp / enron @ enron , michael kopper / hou / ect @ ect , chris loehr / hou / ect @ ect , anne yaeger / hou / ect @ ect , rodney faldyn / corp / enron @ enron , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron , amy . flores @ ljminvestments . com , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , jordan mintz / hou / ect @ ect , maria lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , david maxwell / hou / ect @ ect , susie ayala / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , bob butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron subject : raptor position reports for 12 / 28 / 00 
2	Subject: extra time - last 5 - 10 times longer hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / tabboulehs . net / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / tabboulehs . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: re : hello louise , thanks so much for the kind words and support . i ' m very sad to see kal moving on , he ' s been such a wonderful mentor . erica - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 9 : 18 am to : alon , heather ; bess , erica subject : hello hello i know kal is moving on to pastures new , i am sure both of you continue will to do the outstanding work you have done working with kal without him . with him leaving you both jump up one level . brad is a good guy so get to know him and see how it works out - i ' m sure it will . if you have any problems come and see me and i ' ll get kal back ! ( joke ! ) but seriously my door is always open for a chat . louise 
2	Subject: reply : best sexy caroton images alrite : ) nveer seen pron toons cmomon ssnee is the knack of seeing things as they are , and doing things as they ought to be doen . pushun b ' sehna j , j  
2	Subject: re : capacity center due diligence louise there are a lot of issues which will add to the costs of acquiring the applications . the collection of all of the offers , awards and the historical database should have value to us . if we decide that the value is there then we would be looking at additional expenses to have ssi continue to host and operate the applications for up to a year until we could rewrite portions of it and absorb it in house . this acquisition would buy us time and give us a jump start in developing our capacity trading tools but we also need to be aware that there will be additional costs going forward and potentially some issues with maintenance of the data feeds from the pipes if we don ' t finalize tpa ' s with all of the pipes . - tommy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 2 : 38 pm to : yanowski , tommy j . ; gomez , julie a . cc : perlman , beth ; stock , stephen subject : re : capacity center due diligence i have to say there are lots of issues with this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yanowski , tommy j . sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 9 : 15 am to : gomez , julie a . cc : perlman , beth ; stock , stephen subject : capacity center due diligence julie : attached is a document which attempts to summarize our due diligence of the capacity center software . please let me know if you ' d like to get together to go through this information and discuss any next steps . tommy yanowski x 36858 > 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , roselle sims 
2	Subject: re : wednesday vince , thanks for letting me know . i will see you on wednesday . regards , giuseppe on mon , 12 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > giuseppe > > the dinner is scheduled , as i have mentioned , to you at 7 : 00 p . m . > wednesday at il fornaio , canaletto room . > > both you and eric are welcome to join us . > > vince > > giuseppe a paleologo : : gappy @ stanford . edu : : : : http : / / www . gappy . org : : 
2	Subject: re : template for a proposal mark & todd vince and i have been working along those lines and have narrowed the search to ( 1 ) scripps institution of oceanography , ( 2 ) lamont - daugherty earth observatory , and ( 3 ) cola - center for ocean , land and atmosphere . we have contacted the principles at each of these institutions , made on - site visits to the facilities , and verbaly explored preliminary research program proposals . perhaps we could meet next week to coordinate this effort . - - - mike 
2	Subject: rock solid discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price we have all the products that our customers have asked for , including new superviagra soft - tabs that work in just 15 minutes ! this is the next - generation of sexual improvement wonder - drugs , far more effective than viagra - half a pill will last for 36 hours ! get all the information on superviagra here : http : / / bucketed . net / cs / ? aa our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / bucketed . net / ? aa  
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . clutters suitability milling opinion reveler renders ritchie invoiced cater interoffice falsification misplacing raincoat wrung less habitations fins numberer concordant renames relics lotion percent circumscribing yelling dismembers charmingly detente typifies agonies adsorb ptolemaic lacerates granville accusing  
2	Subject: vehicle accidents - alert as you know , safety is the top priority for ets . therefore , when we see incident levels rising in any area involving our employees , company property , the public , or public property , it receives an immediate focus and plan of action . this is the case with the increasing number of vehicle accidents occurring across the ets operating system . here are the facts ? to date , there have been 35 vehicle accidents experienced during 2001 ; this number has more than doubled the number reported for the entire year 2000 . ? seventeen of the 35 vehicle accidents this year involved employees backing up and could have been prevented . ? ? seven of these 35 vehicle accidents involved an employee striking a fixed object , each of which also could have been prevented . ? ? this means that 68 % of the vehicle accidents this year have been preventable . driver awareness training and continued communications have not had a profound effect on decreasing the number of preventable accidents . ? ? action plan ? ? in an effort to decrease the number of preventable accidents , effective immediately : ? ? all vehicle operators are required to use the " backing - in " policy when parking , and conduct a " safety circle walk " when leaving a parking space . the only exception would be when " backing - in " causes a greater safety concern . each operations team is accountable to see that every team member meets these two requirements . ? ? each employee involved in a preventable vehicle accident will be required to personally review the details of the accident with the operation ' s regional director and provide an overview of safe driving techniques at the next team safety meeting . ? ? common based objectives for all ets personnel are being immediately adjusted to include a " safe driving " component . preventable accidents may impact the team ' s performance evaluation and could result in disciplinary action being enforced on the team and / or individual employee . this action plan is designed to eliminate the rising number of motor vehicle collisions . it is not put into place to create a burden on anyone , but rather to ensure that all work is performed safely . please join me in getting behind this initiative to raise awareness that the safe operation of every vehicle is required and that each employee is responsible for his or her decisions when behind the wheel . remember : safety in every decision , believed , practiced , promoted and uncompromised . 
2	Subject: buvy cials - tabs , 1 day sfale be erect in less than 15 mins prlce : $ 2 / use visit us : grunting . net  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011422 . txt 
2	Subject: winning notification : universal trust worldwide lottery . 138 edward street , 4 th floor barinor building johannesburg , south africa . ref : eaasl / 941 oyi / 02 batch : 12 / 25 / dc 34 01 / 10 / 2004 winning notification : we happily announce to you the draw of the euro - afro  programs held on the 10 th of september 2004 in cairo egypt . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 56475600545 188 with serial number 5388 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 31 - 6 - 26 - 13 - 35 - 7 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category . you havetherefore been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million , five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) in cashcreditedto file pc / 9080118308 / 02 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 25 million dollars , shared amongst the first fifty ( 50 ) lucky winners inthiscategory . please note that your lucky winning number falls wit hin our europeanbooklet representative office in europe as indicated in your playcoupon . inview of this , your us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million , five hundredthousand , unitedstates dollars ) would be released to you by our security firm ineurope . oureuropean agent will immediately commence the process to facilitatethe releaseof your funds as soon as you contact him . all participants  from world wide web site through computer draw system andextracted fromover 100 , 000 companies . this promotion takes place annually . for security reasons , you areadvised tokeep your winning information confidential till your claims isprocessed andyour money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claimyourprize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid doubleclaimingand unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . to file for you r claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mr henry jonse email : henry 247 h @ excite . com to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences withus or our designated agent . congratulations once more from all membersand staffs of this program . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . sincerely , sir h . j . ponfauniversal trust worldwide lottery coordinator . email : henry 247 h @ excite . com tiscali adsl 640 free : fino al 15 novembre i consumi sono gratis ! se sottoscrivi un ' adsl free 640 entro il 14 ottobre avrai gratis tutti i consumi fino al 15 / 11 / 04 compreso ! in piu ' sono gratis il modem in comodato e l ' attivazione . cosa aspetti ? prima attivi , piu ' risparmi ! http : / / abbonati . tiscali . it / adsl / 
2	Subject: please help me and my family sivarajah attn ; pls contact me through my private email ( hho 000 family @ yahoo . it ) i am hajia maryam abacha , widow of the late gen . sani abacha former nigerian military head of state who died as a result of cardiac arrest . i therefore decided to contact you in confidence so that i can be able to move out the sum of us $ 35 , 760 , 000 . 00 ( thirty five million seven hundred and sixty thousand u . s . dollars ) which was secretly defaced and seal in big metal box for security reasons in your account . i personally therefore appeal to you for your urgent assistance to move this money into your country where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country due to the restriction of movement imposed on me and members of my family by the nigerian government . you can contact me through , or my family lawyer . upon the receipt of your acceptance to assist me , my lawyer shall arrange with you for a face to face meeting outside nigeria in order to liaise with him towards the effective completion of this transaction . however , arrangement has been put in place to move this money out of the country in batches in a secret vault through a diplomatic security company to any of the european country as soon as you indicate your interest . i also want you to be assured that all necessary arrangement for the hitch - free of thistransaction has been concluded . conclusively , i have decided to offer you 25 % of the total sum 5 % will be for whatever expenses that will be incurred , while 70 % is to be used in buying share in your company subsequent to our free movement by the nigerian government . please reply urgently and treat with absolute confidentiality and sinceri pls contact me through my private email ( hho 000 family @ yahoo . it ) best regards , hajia maryam . abachac / o ba help a widow 
2	Subject: hpl noms for june 21 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 621 . xls ) - hplo 621 . xls 
2	Subject: marla asked me to send this to u forget ky . this new lube is 10 times better . it actually helps you get harder . and it makes you feel real good . huntley man hydrodynamic discuss transoceanic decoy fraternity objet offend blot aegis collins pudding agreeing callaghan anthem suitor equidistant horsewoman mustache watts seriate bipartisan sandwich crupper madam majesty bobcat pedro . doubleheader attribute hollister chaff afforest criminal deregulate credit washboard bought drake gourmet dromedary blocky retinal batik confess indubitable marseilles . stoooop thiiiis .  
2	Subject: worldcom conferencing documents date : february 26 , 2002 to : enron global distribution from : derryl cleaveland , sr . director global strategic sourcing subject : audio conferencing provider enron has selected worldcom conferencing as our sole conferencing provider . under a recently signed national contract , all enron locations can utilize worldcom for their conference calling needs at a substantial savings when compared to other conferencing providers . the favorable pricing supplied to us by worldcom conferencing gives us a significant reduction in our conference call per minute rate , providing beneficial savings to our company . in order to achieve these savings , it is critical that all enron employees start , or continue , to use worldcom for all your conferencing needs . if you are currently using another company , please begin using worldcom conferencing for your audio conference needs . enclosed is information on how to set up your user profile and start conferencing with worldcom . should you need additional training , information on conferencing services , or assistance in planning a meeting please contact torri rhodes , worldcom conferencing consultant at 713 - 651 - 3278 . for account management and sales support , please contact sandra audrain - gorrie , district sales manager at 713 - 888 - 1369 . for all internal conferencing questions or concerns , please contact peter goebel , global strategic sourcing , director - it / telephony at 713 - 345 - 3325 . 
2	Subject: the technews - bulletin , july 2005 mobile production units for developing countries - worldwide partners program sn world foundation will supply to countries and developing regions the technology and necessary support for production in series of mini - plants in mobile containers ( 40 - foot ) . the mini - plant system is designed in such a way that all the production machinery is fixed on the platform of the container , with all wiring , piping , and installation parts ; that is , they are fully equipped . . . and the mini - plant is ready for production . more than 700 portable production systems : bakeries , water purification , dehydrated food , steel nails , fruit juice preparation , tire retreading , reinforcement bar bending for construction framework , sheeting for roofing , ceilings and faades , plated drums , aluminum buckets , injected polypropylene housewares , pressed melamine items ( glasses , cups , plates , mugs , etc . ) , mufflers , construction electrically welded mesh , plastic bags and packaging , medical assistance mobile units , sanitary material , hypodermic syringes , hemostatic clamps , etc . the mini - plants of production in mobile containers is the only system in the world that can provide up to six ( 6 ) of the most essential products for basic sustenance for just one dollar ( $ 1 . 00 ) per day . sn world foundation has started a co - investment program for the installation of small assembly plants to manufacture , in series , the mini - plants of portable production on site , region or country where required . one of the most relevant features is the fact that these plants will be connected to the international trade system , with access to more than 50 million raw materials , products and services and automatic transactions for world trade . due to financial reasons , involving cost and social impact , the best solution is setting up assembly plants on the same countries and regions , using local resources ( labor , some equipment , etc . ) sn world foundation participates at 50 % ( fifty percent ) for investment of each assembly plant . if you are interested in being a partner in your country or region , you can send your cv to : sn world foundation ( click here ) worldwide partners program to : sarah mathews , program manager . if you received this in error or would like to be removed from our list , please return us indicating : remove or un - subscribe in subject field , thanks . the technews , editor 2005 the tech news . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: erna call the doctor . she wants something special this holiday season . give her something rock hard ! stick it right here . turn off notifications here . jt international exports ltd st . sandra # 0295 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981431 texas city marathon oil hpl daren : during the period of 5 / 1 / 2000 through 5 / 31 / 2000 , the above meter has recorded flow on the following days : days mmbtus 5 / 1 / 2000 942 5 / 3 / 2000 68 5 / 21 / 2000 65 1 , 075 deal # 119068 was at this meter during april 2000 and again began 6 / 13 / 2000 , but did not exist from 5 / 1 / 2000 through 6 / 12 / 2000 . currently , these volumes are being booked under the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs either ( 1 ) deal # 119068 extended , ( 2 ) new deal , or ( 3 ) approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: re : org chart for louise and john amy , thanks for the quick response . my answers to your questions are noted below in red . robert - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 3 : 44 pm to : jones , robert w . - hr exec subject : re : org chart for louise and john robert - the following supervisors need to be updated - i will submit to hr service connection . mike grigsby don black tim belden kevin presto kim hillis barry tycholiz laura luce brian redmond steve irvin frank vickers bob virgo fred lagrasta joe deffner carlos alatorre couple of questions . . . . . 1 . i am unable to find jaime williams - is he on sap or do you know if he goes by a different name ? [ jones , robert w . - hr exec ] - he is not in the usa sap . he needs to be changed in gis . ben b . can help make the change . 2 . the following individuals have either louise or john listed as their supv in sap - do you know the correct supervisor ? joseph kishkill [ jones , robert w . - hr exec ] - termed james schwieger [ jones , robert w . - hr exec ] - tom martin colleen sullivan - shaklovitz [ jones , robert w . - hr exec ] - don black john zufferli [ jones , robert w . - hr exec ] - john lavorato thanks for your help ! amy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 2 : 12 pm to : fitzpatrick , amy ; jones , robert w . - hr exec subject : org chart for louise and john louise has asked me to send you the org chart for her and john lavorato . she would like all systems to show their direct reports correctly . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks ! > tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: california update 8 / 20 / 01 executive summary ? legislators prepare to address socal bailout options ? $ 5 . 7 b revenue notes request in state treasurer ' s hands bonds & bankruptcy : the edison mou is expected to be the major issue on the political agenda this week , and the legislative leadership wants to pass some bail - out measure by this friday ( 8 / 24 ) . while analysts are confident that there will be an mou passed , many are skeptical that the current proposals will be able to cobble together 41 votes in the assembly . the davis administration has said proceeds from the november bond sale will be used to repay the $ 6 . 2 b borrowed from general fund to purchase energy . however , repeated delays in the bond sale have caused concern . and pg & e is upset that the money will be first used to pay off the state without offsetting some of the funds the state owes pg & e . assembly republican leader dave cox has said that his members will not vote for any plan that is not a clean bailout ( i . e . without additional provisions related to environmental mitigation ) . thus , he is essentially saying his members will vote for assembly member rod wright ' s proposal , and no other current plan . but wright ' s proposal does not have much support from democrats . sources report that at least one prominent legislator , senator mike machado , has apparently remarked that he is not certain of the need to pass an mou . others may be muttering similar things , but an mou is still likely . strangely , though , no discussions were held at the staff level this week on mou legislation . the key driver in the mou debate is how much of a " haircut " sce will be required to take ( as a hit to the parent company ) . sources report that sce will accept a haircut of $ 500 m . however , should the haircut be placed in the range of $ 1 b , we are told that sce ' s bryson has informed his team that he would take sce into bankruptcy voluntarily . this represents a significant turnaround in sce ' s previous optimism , which is attributable to legislative indifference to the sce bankruptcy threat as well as growing tension between bryson and governor davis . as for the middle range between $ 500 m and $ 1 b , it is difficult to ascertain how high sce will go before pulling the bankruptcy trigger . short term - anticipatory notes state controller kathleen connell has asked for an emergency sale of a $ 5 . 7 b short term note ( possibly in the form of a revenue anticipation note / ran ) to cover california ' s electricity costs until november , when $ 12 . 4 b in state bonds are expected to be issue by the legislature . the state controller ' s request was made because of her legal obligation to issue a demand to the treasurer at any time she determines that the general fund has or will have insufficient funds for the payment of all appropriations by the legislature . connell claims the ran , which could be offered as early as september , is necessary because the state ' s general fund is running dry from recent power purchases . state treasurer angelides is studying the plan , but has yet to publicly comment . according to sources , he has also yet to comment to legislators , but was in new york last week meeting with people on wall street about the bond issuance . mandated by state statute , angelides can issue these notes unilaterally and does not need approval from the legislature or anyone else . he has total discretion on the issuance , its timing , and its amount . however , the state ' s general fund would not be depleted by november 15 th , even without the ran revenue . rans are not that unusual . rans were previously issued from fy 95 - 96 through fy 99 - 00 with the largest being the $ 5 b ran in fy 92 - 93 . because of california ' s recent economic growth , rans were not necessary last year and were expected to be unnecessary this year . concerns surrounding the pg & e suit filed earlier last week ( pg & e seeks priority in the $ 12 b revenue bond allocations ) are somewhat eased by a well - placed utility source who report that the suit will have little impact the revenue bond or anticipatory notes ' issuance . however , there is suspicion among some that the administration is increasingly concerned that investor confidence is weakening and that the bond issuance might be deemed a failure , and is thus promoting the idea that pg & e ' s actions are responsible , rather than investor uncertainty over revenue stream allocation and dwr contracts . in the event that the revenue bonds ' issuance is delayed past the october 31 st bridge loan maturity , the interest rate charged to the state would reportedly jump from four percent to seven percent . 
2	Subject: congratulations . from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear prize winner , results for promotional draw nation wide lotto uk wishes to inform you of the results of it ' s promotional draws held on the 27 th november 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . your lottery claim is attached to ticket number 44 - 3 - 2 , with serial number 708 - 4 , and drew the lucky numbers 13 15 16 21 39 44 ( 24 ) to emerge one of the third category winners . you have consequently been awarded a lump sum pay out of # 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million five hundred thousand great britain pounds ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of # 9 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared between 6 international winners in the category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with heritage finance ltd insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year ( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to # 12 , 00 , 000 . 00 , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . dennis hammond foreign department manager , heritage finance ltd . phone : + 44 - 20 - 7060 - 0194 + 44 - 70 - 4010 - 8289 fax : + 44 - 20 - 7504 - 8533 email : dhammondl @ heritagefinance - ltd . org for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claims agent not later than a week from the day this notification was received , after this , all funds will be returned as unclaimed back to our lottery company . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent / company . reference number : 3 nw - 1 batch number : fn - 112 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , john bentley lottery coordinator nationwide lotto uk south park business centre 310 green lane , ilford , igl lxt , essex . phone : + 44 - 70 4010 6614 fax : + 44 - 20 - 8181 - 6281 n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . ( terms and conditions apply ) mail sent from the webmaster @ 33 rdcavalry . http : / / www . 33 rdcavalry . nl  
2	Subject: re : discrepancies in price of gas redelivered at mobil beaumont i show that we adjusted pricing for excess volumes for the following dates : mar 11 - 31 15 , 000 / day delivered to mobil beaumont at if hsc - . 045 april 5 - 19 15 , 000 / day delivered to mobil beaumont at if hsc - . 055 . an outage occurred on the 5 th , so the deliveries to mobil didn ' t acutally start until the 12 th . if you need anything else , let me know . daren " bruce mcmills " on 08 / 30 / 2000 01 : 28 : 47 pm to : dfarmer @ enron . com cc : " marta k henderson " subject : discrepancies in price of gas redelivered at mobil beaumont i thought it might be easier to reply by email of the period , volume , and price for periods when the price for gas redelivered by duke at mobil beaumont was not hsc monthly index - $ . 0375 . 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at bigbird . whtech . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 67772 invoked by uid 0 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 52 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( unknown ) by unknown with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 52 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360326 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : sysop @ lospadres . info user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: natural enlargement i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here as soon as he had reached a sufficient elevation to admit of good speed he turned the indicator once more to the east and began moving rapidly through the air , the shipwrecked sailors dangling at either side orange s tad a rub a po b l 2 oo i ought to be a fairy , grumbled jim , as he slowly drew the buggy home ; for to be just an ordinary horse in a fairy country is to be of no account whateverit ' s no place for us , zeb this is aw - - aw - - awful ! gasped the little one say , you shut up ! commanded the boy , angrily  
2	Subject: trade count and volume for november 1 , 2001 lindsay renaud enrononline ( 713 ) 345 - 3703  
2	Subject: vote : rolex or cartier or breitling veritable reproductions wrist watches i have this trademarks available too : bvlgari breguet jaeger - lecoultre officine panerai tag heuer  
2	Subject: brand name and generic medicine tennyson have trencherman verify gilt barricade find your medications without delay ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now age articulatory hiroshima curvaceous lengthen bifurcate  
2	Subject: look say bye to the cellulite ^ volatile more men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent . - - billy sunday body wrap at home to lose 6 - 8 inches in one hour . bobbie atrium lillian flowerpot monrovia stalemate gainesville louisiana educable zoology cope electric civic bird grail appleton gloomy reliant meteorology seditious camel morn behind passionate alicia tree remiss ablution cairo dragging oyster with bodywrap we guarantee : you ' ll lose 6 - 8 inches in one hour 100 % satisfaction or your money back algae blue muon california courage dextrous bois culprit knew quiver aeschylus multi foolish died possible cinerama farfetched horatio kinesthesis lump chord dark holeable luminance bodywrap is soothing formula that contours , cleanses and rejuvenates your body while reducing inches . goodbye to fat , its summer d ~ e ~ l ~ e ~ t ~ e brumidi churchmen bag dominate cuttlebone pollution r ventricle beplaster armada planck needlepoint lipid rico histrionic lausanne absorptive gatekeep illicit bath decisional huff recovery the pleasure of all reading is doubled when one lives with another who shares the same books . - - katherine mansfield  
2	Subject: re : long term demand forecast - looking for more information hi slava i ' m not sure who ' s looking after power - related stuff in houston at present . best to let vince redirect your query . steve viacheslav danilov 11 / 10 / 2000 15 : 51 to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : graham mullin / lon / ect @ ect subject : long term demand forecast - looking for more information hi steve , i plan to spend next week building relatively simple long term ( 1 - 2 years ) demand forecast - it will be a starting point and will allow our guys to work . for more detailed analysis i will need more information , particularly on recent changes in demand in the sates ( california ) . i tried to contact vince , but probably he is very busy right now . please , could you help me to find somebody in the houston who may provide any help . many thanks , slava 
2	Subject: hello from london cher sir / ma je suis m . philip baker , le citoyen et moi britanniques avons bas  londres , am dans le conseiller financier , j ' ai un client ( windon ) du libria qui ses morts de mari dans le dsaccord ttp : / / www . afrol . com / articles / 13805 de guerre du libria ) , qui a les usa $ 20 . 000 . 000 . 00 ( vingt millions de fonds des etats - unis dollars ) . this en question sont comptant et ont t dj maintenus dans notre socit de valeurs mobilires ici  londres pour la scurit reasons . but que j ' ai inform son pouse au sujet de son argent de mari et elle m ' a instruit aider son contact quiconque d ' us / europe pour l ' investissement , ainsi . . . . les fonds sont actuellement dans notre sige social en europe . mon client souhaite investir dans une conomie stable . son intrt est aux compagnies avec des potentiels pour la croissance rapide en longs termes . mon client est intress  placer une partie de ses fonds pour l ' investissement dans usa / europe ou n ' importe quelle autre partie du monde , or votre co ! mpagnie si les rglements du n de votre pays permet l ' investissement tranger . vous pouvez me contacter pour plus de dtails par l ' intermdiaire de ma adresse de e - mail avec votre rfrence ou m ' appeler sur ma ligne mobile pour plus de clarification . so que je peux vous donner des dtails . les meilleurs souvenirs , philip bak dear sir / ma i am mr philip baker , uk citizen and i based in london , am into financial consultant , i have a client ( windon ) from liberia which her husband dead in liberia war clash ttp : / / www . afrol . com / articles / 13805 ) , who has us $ 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million united states dollars ) . this fund in question is in cash and has already been kept in our security company here in london for security reasons . but i notified his wife about her husband money and she instructed me to help her contact anybody from us / europe for investment , so . . . . the funds is presently in our head office in europe . my client wishes to invest in a stable economy . her interest is in companies with potentials for rapid growth in long terms . my client is interested in placing part of her fund for investment in usa / europe or any other part of the world , or your company if your country ' s n bye - laws allows foreign investment . you can contact me for more details via my e - mail address with your reference or call me on my mobile line for more clarification . so that i can give you details . best regards , philip bak mail enviado desde el servicio de webmail en http : / / www . miradorsur . com . ar 
2	Subject: re : regrouping of enw budget discussions wes and team had preset the meeting schedule and topics to be covered in each . the outline that i sent you with the changes for the remainder of this week is simply our best attempt at fitting coordinating topics around people availability and the meeting schedule that had already been set . the schedule that we have been working with that wes provided did not allocate two hours for the friday meeting . if you had set aside two hours , that had not been communicated to us . there were only two one - hour meeting slots on that schedule . one for enw from 1 - 2 and one for research from 3 - 4 . i have a major conflict on friday - i committed months ago to attend a meeting that ken lay asked to be involved in that is in the woodlands that runs through the evening hours . . only because beth perlman is out on thursday for a religious holiday , i decided to " skip out " from this meeting to be here on friday afternoon to discuss the operations and it development budgets together . in order to minimize my time away from the woodlands meeting , i orchestrated the time swap with vince kaminiski so that we could have our enw meeting at 3 : 00 . i will talk with you later today and fill you in on the commitment for ken lay . maybe we can work together for a scheduling solution that works for both of us . i would appreciate your help on that , louise . scheduling issues aside , wes suggested that we also review with you the ees budget that enw has prepared . our approach so far has been to determine the appropriate and necessary spend for 2002 for expense and capital for all of the services that enw provides to support the ees business . we have done this without regard to who will cover which expenses - ees or ea . that is a separate issue from understanding the services that need to be provided and our best estimate at costs . we are prepared , however , with a suggested split on the costs for discussion purposes . i have assumed that the decision on cost sharing or allocation would be made between the offices of the chair for ees and enw . if you would like to cover all of enw ' s budgets together , both for ees and ea , then it would make more sense to set a longer block of time ( maybe 3 hours ? ) . i will bring my schedule to our meeting at 11 : 00 today to cover the canadian budget and we can work out a schedule that works for both of us . we will be prepared to discuss pricing per transaction , but will hold that until the end of our meetings when we have been able to review with you the components of costs and the detail of capital projects . our review of costs and projects in effect will serve as our " scope of engagement " discussion . a service provider would never quote a firm price until agreement had been reached on the scope of the engagement . we will have a straw man for discussion on that . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 8 : 23 am to : beck , sally cc : piper , greg ; pickering , mark ; colwell , wes ; killen , faith ; roper , kerry ; schoppe , tammie ; valdez , christina subject : re : regrouping of enw budget discussions i am expecting an all in cost for this service - what do we achieve in separation . i had allocated two hours on friday to do this from lpm until 3 pm . are you not intending an all in cost ( per transaction ) of it and operations ? if you believe that the outline below works then go ahead , do we just have the total number debate on fridy - if so let ' s start at 2 pm . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beck , sally sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 7 : 36 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : piper , greg ; pickering , mark ; colwell , wes ; killen , faith ; roper , kerry ; schoppe , tammie ; valdez , christina subject : regrouping of enw budget discussions louise , to make our enw budget discussions most meaningful , we felt that coupling discussions of the operations and it development budgets will make the most sense . to insure that we have the appropriate attendees in our enw 2002 plan meetings and to schedule these meetings around thursday as a religious holiday , i have worked with wes colwell and made a trade with vince kaminski to make all of this happen . there is no change to your calendar in terms of date , time or location of meetings . we have simply realigned topics and attendees as follows : date time location revised group revised attendees wed , 9 / 26 11 - noon eb 3314 canada support ( unchanged ) wes colwell , faith killen , louise kitchen , sally beck , rob milnthrop , bob hall ( added - responsible for ea operations , including calgary ) thurs , 9 / 27 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 eb 3316 enw : eol & infrastructure wes colwell . faith killen , louise kitchen , sally beck , mark pickering , jenny rub , greg piper , kerry roper , brad richter ( added - eol ) , jay webb ( added - eol ) fri , 9 / 28 1 - 2 pm eb 3316 research wes colwell , faith killen , louise kitchen , vince kaminiski ( no changes ) 3 - 4 pm eb 3314 enw : operations & it dev . wes colwell , faith killen , louise kitchen , sally beck , beth perlman , mark pickering , greg piper , kerry roper , bob hall ( added - ea operations ) i look forward to reviewing details with you in each of these meetings . - - sally 
2	Subject: i think you might be interested 2005 - 07 - 06 09 : 34 : 51 hello deadpanpolitics 3 , i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walker oacevlmg 9 sd 7 qa 27 sw 6 uulxwn 3 k 8 jlvo 3 soiaak 2005 - 07 - 07 22 : 33 : 55 
2	Subject: manual wires mary , larry and wes , we just received a faxed copy of the manual wire and same day payment memo which was sent by betty tauzier on 8 / 28 / 00 . rate & currency trades fx which is settled the following day and requires next day payments for fx . currently we are severely hampered because our infomation is required into unify by 2 : 30 for an accounts payable run at 4 : 00 for next day payments . we are still trading after these cut - offs and tying out the day ' s activity with trading . therefore , we currently have to rely on manual wires to make payments to our counterparties on the value date . we need to get timeframes which mirror our business requirements . i would like to get the accounts payable run for our companies , 842 and 967 , moved to after 5 : 00 pm . information is not due to the bank until next day . 8 : 00 am london time . please let laurel and me know what changes can be done to our processing flows . thanks . sheila 
2	Subject: upside only treasury - linked annuity upside of annual increases in 5 - year t - note bonus crediting over normal treasury notes alternative for large municipal bond or t - note buyers call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * for deposits over $ 100 , 000 we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: 2005 lottery winner ! ! ! from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department , imperial lottery uk . dear prize winner , results for promotional draw imperial lottery uk wishes to inform you of the results of its promotional draws held on the 5 th of march 2005 as part of our new year bonanza . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . your lottery claim is attached to ticket number 75 - 521 - 25 , with serial number 9680 - 085 - 0 , and drew the lucky numbers 06 23 29 42 48 52 ( 28 ) to emerge one of the third category winners . you have consequently been awarded a lump sum pay out of  2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( two million great britain pounds ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of  12 , 0 ! 00 , 000 . 00 shared between 6 international winners in the category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with cashflo financial services ltd , insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of ransferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / non participants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our mid year ( 2005 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to  15 , 000 , 000 . 00 , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . harris parker foreign department manager , cashflo financial services ltd . phone : + 44 - 70 - 4011 - 7643 fax : + 44 - 20 - 7681 - 1925 for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than two weeks from the date you received this email . after this date , all funds will be returned back as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent / company . reference number : il 6341 - 5 batch number : 289 - 4 pp congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , mr . alan bailey lottery coordinator , imperial lottery uk . russell square house 15 - 17 , russell square , london , wclb 5 eh phone : + 44 - 70 - 4011 - 7642 fax : + 44 - 20 - 8181 - 6176 n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this email . contact your claims agent mr . harris parker as specified above . ( terms and conditions apply ) mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / fk . um . edu . my 
2	Subject: \ / rility patch $ 42 . 85 , spermamax $ 45 shiiip all countries aldehyde attache super viagra ( cialis ) generic viagrahangouver pillsour price : $ 3 our price : $ 1 . 8 our price : $ 45 buy nowbuy nowbuy nowmaxamanfat blastvirility patchour price : $ 41 . 5 our price : $ 30 our price : $ 42 . 85 buy nowbuy nowbuy nowcialis soft price : $ 4 . 5 our price : $ 45 our price : $ 1 . 65 buy nowbuy nowbuy nowhuman growth hormoneviagra soft tabsour price : $ 47 . 75 our price : $ 4 . 5 buy nowbuy now 
2	Subject: names bryan , the person from citibank : alla gil , ( 212 ) 723 6275 alla . gil @ ssmb . com i am attaching the resume of iris mack . vince 
2	Subject: specialized answering service for your business . trouble viewing this e - mail ? click here to visit specialty answering service it ' s time to change . if you have used the same answering service for years and are less than satisfied , or use voicemail and are wondering what you are missing , it ' s time to change . check out specialty answering service and experience an answering service revolution . specialty . our specialty operators handle calls like your own every day . as a result , we can manage calls faster and more efficiently than any other answering service . 2 weeks free . not sure if we will be the perfect fit for your company ? we let you try us for two weeks free . no contracts . no obligation . no charge . no kidding . 24 / 7 customer care . no answering service is perfect , what makes us different is we give our customers a direct number to your personal customer service rep . if you ever have any concerns , we are here for you 24 / 7 . more information . want more information about our services ? call us at 1 . 888 . 532 . 4794 or click here and see if we have a specialty division to fit your needs . attention real estate companies : specialty answering service ' s new real estate division is finally live ! please click here for more details . attention all businesses : specialty has launched its general answering service division . if your business does not fit into a specialty category , we still have you covered . attention e - commerce businesses : don ' t forget to look into our website receptionist service for total inbound call center solutions . start by exploring our service . check out our delivery methods . request our pricing information . take our two week free trial . call us at 1 - 888 - 532 - 4794 and see the difference . specialty answering services , p . o . box 60368 , king of prussia , pa 19406 questions ? feedback ? email us or call 1 . 888 . 532 . 4794 click here to view our privacy policy . speciality answering service po box 60368 king of prussia , pa 19406 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . 
2	Subject: netco financial gtc mark taylor vice president and general counsel enron wholesale services 1400 smith street - eb 3892 houston , texas 77008 ( 713 ) 853 - 7459 ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: power spread option - curve access request kevin , i am helping doug for building a model to price power spread options he saw in the market . this includes power capacity , transmission , heating rate options , etc . i do not have the access to the power curves in m : \ power 2 \ region as i used to . i need your permission to regain the read - only access to the curves . thanks in advance . zimin lu research x 36388 
2	Subject: re : hpl closing steve : thanks for the update . barbara / anne : once we get doj ' s 2 nd request , lets meet with aep ( mon ) to integrate lara into our meeting with doj on tuesday . regards , brian from : steven j kean @ enron on 03 / 02 / 2001 01 : 08 pm to : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hpl closing fyi - jade eaton is one of lara ' s contacts at doj - - - - - forwarded by steven j kean / na / enron on 03 / 02 / 2001 01 : 12 pm - - - - - lara leibman @ enron communications 02 / 28 / 2001 03 : 23 pm to : steven j kean / na / enron @ enron cc : richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron subject : re : hpl closing steve , thanks for forwarding . actually , brian sent it to me on monday , and i followed up with ann and barbara . i have not spoken with brian yet because i am waiting for a green / red light from barbara as far as jade eaton is concerned . barbara and i spoke at length yesterday and she is concerned about the counterparty ' s reaction to a meeting with doj ( even an informal one ) . she plans to get back to me though with regard to whether they want me to get involved at this stage . i spoke to rick as well so he is up - to - date with the current status . i ' ll let you know if anything further develops . thanks again . lara steven j kean @ enron 02 / 28 / 01 02 : 13 pm to : lara leibman / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : hpl closing - - - - - forwarded by steven j kean / na / enron on 02 / 28 / 2001 02 : 12 pm - - - - - brian redmond @ ect 02 / 26 / 2001 02 : 57 pm to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , david w delainey / hou / ees @ ees , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , david oxley / enron @ enronxgate , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , tim despain / hou / ect @ ect , joseph deffner / enron @ enronxgate , anne c koehler / hou / ect @ ect , barbara n gray / hou / ect @ ect , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , ann ballard / enron @ enronxgate , jim schwieger / hou / ect @ ect , thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , joe allen / na / enron @ enron , tommy yanowski / enron @ enronxgate , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , patrick wade / hou / ect @ ect , tanya rohauer / enron @ enronxgate , fran l mayes / enron @ enronxgate , michelle cash / hou / ect @ ect , carolyn gilley / hou / ect @ ect , robert l hall / et & s / enron @ enron , ranabir dutt / enron @ enronxgate , tom shelton / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth w kaase / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hpl closing please find the attached status update for the hpl transaction . if you have any questions please contact me . thanks , brian  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , karie  
2	Subject: need an outstanding logo now ? working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq loqo , presentabie stationery items and professional website . these marketing toois wiii siqnificantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deai packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: call me now on this number hey my man , i found this new dating chatline with tons and tons of chicks ! : ) call it up now : 011 - 239 - 28 - 4132 it ' s this crazy hookup site , i got laid 6 times this week man , you don ' t have to use a credit card or anything you won ' t pay a cent ! lots of them are just looking for a random hookup , one night stands etc 011 - 239 - 28 - 4132 you won ' t be disapointed you ' ll see im not kidding . thank me later after you ' r gettin laid 7 days a week . big mike  
2	Subject: get me thru july newsletter the get me thru newslettervenita king " the get me thru coach " volume 1 issue 7 july 2005 " igniting the power of inspiration . . . " thank you for reading my newsletter . you will not be the same , i promise ! sign - up todayit ' s free and priceless . . . tell a friend aboutthis newsletter learn more aboutvenita ' s coaching stay up to date with get me thru news venita ' s promiseyou have my word , i will not share your contact information with anyone . thank you for allowing me to contact you ! be my guest and reprint or distribute " the get me thru newsletter " as long as you include thecopyright and web link to www . getmethru . com venita king " the get me thru coach " venita @ getmethru . comcopyright 2005 all rights reserved . the get me thru collectionis a registered trademark cick here to join the get me thru newsletter now ! ! discover get me thru nuggets of wisdomthat thousands use daily to increase their success - from the author of " the voice of my boundaries " in this issue the paradox of stressthe thing you need but should not keep . . . the coach ' s play of the month : " motivation excites you about someone else ' s answers . inspiration ignites your inner strength through questions that lead you to successful actions and self - awareness . " venita ' s commercial moment monthly special the paradox of stress there is a level of genius in every human being and it is called a ' gift ' . stress however plays a huge role in how we deliver it to the world . the mystery is that stress is a good thing when used properly and a bad thing when misused . how can that be ? consider these get me thru points about stress . i learned about them the hard way . you don ' t have to make my mistakes . stress is a process in life and not just a thing that happens stress literally enters your being daily and it must also be shown the exit door daily stress should be utilized as a tool for forward movement in the face of challenge stress keeps you alert at the beginning , weighs on you midway and brings you down in the end if you keep it to long stress is an excellent motivator but unlike motivation , it doesn ' t just disappear a get me thru nugget of wisdom : wherever you store your stress is where you can expect to experiencethe most damage , physically , spiritually or financially . . . in the end , someoneelse most likely will have to inform you about the severity of your damage . a get me thru question : do you process your stress daily for authentic success or do you store it daily for disaster ? so you see the parameters of stress will enter the board room or home , it has no preference . - it ' s all about people and not position . however , when ignored stress will ultimately determine how far each one of us goes in life - guaranteed ! read what i learned about how to process stress and how misusing it nearly cost me my life in chapter 8 of " the voice of my boundaries " . the coach ' s play of the month : " motivation excites you about someone else ' s answers . inspiration ignites your inner strength through questions thatlead you to successful actions and self - awareness . " the get me thru question for this month should last you for a lifetime , because stress is a part of life forever . whether you want to be a millionaire or merely survive , you too must make a decision about processing stress . your success in life demands it ! learn from my get me thru nuggets of wisdom and then work on your own ! let me hear from you soon ! sign my guestbook venita ' s commercial moment monthly special : buy the voice of my boundaries in the get me thru signature pocket during the month of july and receive set of 21 get me thru share cards too ! and click here to buy now your response to my new get me thru jingle get me thru meditation songhas been incredible . many of you heard them if you attended one of my march or april inspiring success workshops . just click here to listen to an excerptfrom the meditation song . the link takes you to my website . click the play button on the media player in the right column and enjoy ! may the voice of your boundaries guide you always . many blessings ! venita cick here to join the get me thru newsletter now ! ! get me thru , inc . 1019 old monrovia rd . huntsville , al 35806 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . - - no virus found in this incoming message . checked by avg anti - virus . version : 7 . 0 . 323 / virus database : 267 . 9 . 1 / 51 - release date : 7 / 18 / 2005  
2	Subject: weight problems medlcat 10 n info re : orology specialist on saturday at 20 - 00 vgr from 2 . 69 rr from 1 . 98 rr lr from 3 . 30 rr r from 3 . 67 rr r from 4 . 90 rr from 2 . 22 rr from 2 . 98 rr vl from 1 . 83 rr l from 2 . 25 rr time : fri , 11 mar 2005 12 : 48 : 58 - 0800 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / go - medz . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / go - medz . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: this is the best sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big builtin autistic begotten clobber ahoy chest burnish arose brennan delphi accountant albert artificial cub bondsman cobra brandeis cesium assyria alkene copious cushion accept ablate aphasic byrne aseptic arpeggio bunkmate churchillian bohemia chef allot contradistinguish computation bona cope anderson compromise alabama cellular distant analogy bellboy cabinetmake ascribe chaplin apology arcturus concise dickey attention antarctica cohn counteract alight desolate airway area alterate arrival assign ahmedabad alphameric divisive analysis anti crossover acquitting codify affiance dialect decor daytona christie concurring ass amethystine csnet abolition cask claimant animate affirmation aromatic removemeplease  
2	Subject: dont pay more than $ 100 for ur softwares miseries chheap softtwares for you , all are original oemmajor titles from micros 0 ft and adobe for rock bottom prriicegreat bargaain sale ! variety discoount softtwares at wholesale chaeap pricing ! microsoft windows xp professional - my priice : $ 50 normal priice : $ 270 . 99 ; you savve $ 220 microsoft office xp professional - my priice : $ 100 normal priice : $ 579 . 99 ; you savve $ 480 adobe photoshop 7 - my priice : $ 80 normal priice : $ 609 . 99 ; you savve $ 550 28 more popular titles > > cliickk here for more titles wonder why our priices are unbelievably low ? we are currently clearing our goods at incredibily cheeap sale - priice in connection with the shutdown of our shop and the closure of the stockhouse . don ' t missss your lucky chance to get the best priicce on discoouunt software ! we are the authorized agent and an established reseller offering oem licensing software . we possesses all the necessary certificates issued to verify the authenticity of genuine oem products and granting the right for us to resell oem software products . super cheaep micros 0 ft , adobe & all kind soft herecliickk here to enjoy our superb discouunnt !  
2	Subject: nov 1 st entex nom - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by liz bellamy / na / enron on 10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 15 : 30 am to : lbellamy @ enron . com cc : janet . h . wallis @ enron . com , troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com subject : nov 1 st entex nom as promised our nov 1 noms are attached . . . let us know if you need anything . . . lets hope for some weather . . . . ( see attached file : hpl - nov . xls ) - hpl - nov . xls 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122909 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: cum when u want . ' ` hi new medicaton lets you pump her 5 - 1 o times longer llmlted trlal : $ 6 o / btl ( 0 rder dispatched same day ) http : / / www . revenging . net 
2	Subject: re : creditmanager net meeting aidan , yes , this will work for us . vince " aidan mc nulty " on 12 / 16 / 99 08 : 36 : 14 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : creditmanager net meeting vincent , i cannot rearrange my schedule for tomorrow so i would like to confirm that we will have a net - meeting of creditmanager on friday 7 th of january at 9 . 30 your time . regards aidan mc nulty 212 981 7422 
2	Subject: jacob feedback vince , chonawee and tom halliburton had feedback about jacob to me . tom ' s feedback is what he does for pros is actually too simple . their so - called trading system is actually a scheduling system . my impression is that jacob is good at selling himself , his knowledge of finance and derivatives is very limited . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat @ enron 03 / 21 / 2001 07 : 28 pm to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron subject : jacob feedback i asked jacob two questions to check his basic knowledge . he answered correctly in the optimization question so i believe that he has a good foundation on his optimization skill . i have a doubt about his stochastic skill because he took only one course in stochastic processes and his previous models are simple deterministic models . if we had more interview time i would be able to check his stochastic and modeling skills . he completely failed to answer the second question , which is to check his basic risk management skill . it is clear to me that he has a very weak background in finance and risk management . he does not understand the relationship between a discount rate and risk . he showed some weakness in annuity calculation . in conclusion , i feel that he has good basic in optimization but a very weak background in finance . based on his experiences , i have a doubt on his advance optimization skills , such as his stochastic skill and his ability to attack a complex optimization problem . i would recommend a second - round interview if he will be solving a complex - optimization problem . - chonawee 
2	Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - thursday , february 05 , 2004 thursday , february 05 , 2004 miningnews . net to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at http : / / www . miningnews . net / . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . mil not expecting amc support magnesium international says it will not " piggyback " off any of the work conducted by the australian magnesium corporation ( amc ) as it begins its own study into the possibility of making the queensland town of stanwell the new site for its samag magnesium smelter . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story strong performance at long nickel miner independence group ' s strong operational stewardship of the long mine near kambalda is continuing , with a seismic event successfully dealt with and ore tonnage and grade " significantly " above budget in january . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story rosie north ' s golden hue shares in gateway mining were up 7 % this morning after drilling results from the gidgee project in western australia confirmed the rosie north mineralised zone extends to over 250 m . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story native title agreement for pastoral holdings a major native title issue was addressed earlier this week with the signing of an agreement about the principles governing the access by native title holders to pastoral holdings in the goldfields region . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story de grey raises $ 5 . 25 million de grey mining is raising $ 5 . 25 million via a placement to macquarie bank and clients of intersuisse , montagu stockbroking and peregrine corporate . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story underground potential at the mount austminex believes recent drilling result show the mount gold project south of kalgoorlie has the potential to become an underground mining operation . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story drilling underway at snake well giralia resources is targeting a new resource at its snake well gold project in western australia in march after beginning a substantial drill campaign late last month . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story drd reduces porgera stake south african - based gold miner durban roodepoort deep has agreed to sell a 5 % direct interest in the porgera gold mine to mineral resources enga for us $ 22 . 52 million . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story chinese gold lures bkm back from wet dreams bkm management has confirmed media speculation that it is ditching modelling for mining with the perth - based company to join with westralian resources to look for chinese gold . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story kagara production beats expectations , reduces costs kagara zinc has revised its zinc production figures for the december 2003 quarter , with production for the three - month period at its mt garnet operations in queensland confirmed at 6650 t . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story aquarius sets new quarterly record australian listed miner aquarius platinum recorded a solid december 2003 quarter with total platinum group metal production from its south african mining operations reaching 100 , 428 oz . . . ( 5 february 2004 ) full story falconbridge , union agree to use conciliator falconbridge and striking workers at its sudbury , ontario operations have agreed to hold " very preliminary " discussions with a canadian ministry of labour conciliator to see if they are close enough on the key issues for formal negotiations to resume . . . ( 4 february 2004 ) full story steady work with komatsuthe " super low boom profile " of komatsu ' s new telescopic handlers has expanded the company ' s offering of high - productivity solutions . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter uses an html - rich media format to provide a visually attractive layout . if , for any reason , your computer does not support html format e - mail , please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net with your full name and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com section dryblower investment news mine safety and health & environment mine supply today analyst tips capital raisings commodities director trades due diligence exploration general ipos market wrap mining events moves mst features on the move on the record people in profil project watch resourcestocks the big picture week in review commodity coal copper diamonds gold nickel silver zinc bauxite - alum chromium cobalt gemstone iron ore kaolin magnesium manganese mineral sand oilshale pgm rare earths salt tantalum tin tungsten uranium vanadium region africa all regions asia australia europe north americ oceania south americ primex expo 2004 ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants ) ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators show all events  
2	Subject: infrastructure attached is the sheet that details staff / functions . if you have any questions , please feel free to call : home : 281 - 463 - 4421 cell : 713 - 851 - 5456 thanks . jr 
2	Subject: gain the confidence you need in bed ! 20 minutes is all it takes more info here . . . moscow ygz pathogenic wb himalaya jo crappie th biography xfs stigmata au evanston go impious vxa shrewish bee chairwoman kh formica zqi coyote sd wad fek mccarthy bm bianco lvg philanthropic fy dandy tei dane id sacral xb runic ng no  
2	Subject: company plane fyi : i reserved a plane - hawker # 5736 for october 25 ( will finalize time tomorrow ) early afternoon for your meetings in new york returning on friday morning . as soon as i am able to get details from frank vickers , i will finalize the hotel and departure times for travel tomorrow . thanks , tina rode assistant to dave duran 713 - 853 - 9582 cell 713 - 419 - 6237 
2	Subject: california update # 2 , 5 / 23 / 01 republican plan b a source reports the following regarding the republican plan b proposal : ? encourage direct access for consumers . ( the problem with this , however , is that these direct access deals would not have a dedicated rate component , and too many might undermine the cash flow and credit worthiness of the bonds . ) ? the republicans will " suggest " that generators take a 30 % haircut . " we think this is doable . " ? the republicans strongly oppose purchasing the transmission assets . ? restore the invetor - owned utility model for generation . they would establish a dedicated rate component for construction of native generation by the utilities . they would grant ratepayers equity interest in these plants . ? resolve the qfs ' financial issues . assemblyman cox commented afterward that the republcans have been trying to work on a bilateral basis with the democrats on these issues , but they feel " frozen out . " moreover , he senses the democrats moving back toward having an option to purchase socal ' s transmission assets , which the republicans oppose . democratic plan b a source reports the following regarding the democratic plan b : ? the democrats are formulating a plan b that incorporates the governor ' s mou , the nation plan b and other ideas that they have . this plan reportedly has not yet been introduced into the legislature yet because it is still being finalized and the democrats are not certain that it will work . specifically , the option to purchase socal ' s transmission assets is reportedly still being debated . some democrats reportedly believe that this may be unnecessary . ? the details of the plan are reportedly as follows : - set aside the $ 3 . 1 bilion undercollect in a separate account funded by a dedicated rate component . - the generators can either get a check instantly from the bonds for 70 % of their claim or they can try to get up to 100 % of their claim adjudicated through a dispute . - this plan could be used as a template for going to the bankruptcy judge to strike a deal for pg & e . ? sources indicate that the democrats are developing a post - petition plan in cast socal files for bankruptcy , including the following : - the state would buy both utilities out of bankruptcy . it then would sell of pieces of the utilities to various private - sector buyers , but with a lifetime stipulation on how they will be run . - some democrats reportedly believe the state could do this with as little as $ 5 billion if it assumed the utilities ' debt and got a cram - down by the bankrutpcy judge to quell the protests against such a plan that would very likely erupt . democrats reportedly believe that the judge montali would support this idea . 
2	Subject: hr information now available in the break room ! do you have general hr questions ? visit the hr reference board in the break room ! it includes the following information ( and more ! ) : health benefits info ( medical , dental , vision ) payroll info ( paychecks , vacation , direct deposits ) employee information ( personal info changes - ehronline , etc . ) enron program info ( clickathome , fitness reimbursement ) job postings contact numbers and websites you can also get updated information on upcoming training sessions and special events on the hr calendar ( located next to the hr info board ) . and as always , please feel free to stop by to see amy or grace with any questions you may have ! 
2	Subject: reticent zimmerman , ! _ 95 % 0 ff for all - v _ i - a - g _ r a ; \ c - i a - - l - is , ! l - e vi _ _ tra . @ http : / / aolo 9234980 . com / mx 2 . htm clip , fool in order , ticklish , when everything grew , bachelor , styopas heart skipped , meretricious , matches had been . emphasis , the roman infantry , arizona , was he drinking , inclination , the dark hood , zagging , why all this .  
2	Subject: transmission roundtable everyone , several of us have talked about starting an ongoing meeting that we can use as a platform to discuss various transmission issues . i invite everyone to our first meeting , i have received names from several different sources for the invitation list . if any of you feel that others should be present please let me know . vince has agreed that the research group will sponsor this activity and our first meeting is scheduled for friday , december 8 th . , from 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 . please rsvp to anita dupont whether or not you will be able to attend and your lunch preference for sandwiches or salads . anita ' s extension is 30329 and her e - mail is adupont @ enron . com . regards , lance 
2	   Bud1                                                                       spblob   bp                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          @                                              @                                                @                                                @                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  h a mbwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar    _{{12, 140}, {1341, 731}} %1I`myz{|}~                                h a mlsvCblob  bplist00  KLMNPXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizes_scrollPositionYXtextSize_scrollPositionXZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0       $(-27<AFWvisibleUwidthYascendingZidentifier  TnameUwidthYascendingWvisibleXubiquity# !\dateModified %![dateCreated*, aTsize/1 s Tkind46d Ulabel9;K Wversion>@, XcommentsBC^dateLastOpened!IYdateAdded#@x     #@(      #        Tname    & 8 @ T f o                 !*,-.7DFGHQ]^_hiklqz{}~             Q                  h a mlsvpblob  bplist00  HIJKFXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizes_scrollPositionYXtextSize_scrollPositionXZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0        %*/49>CXcomments^dateLastOpened[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTname\dateModifiedUindexUwidthYascendingWvisible, "$')+,a 01d 56s  :;K ?@   'F #@x     #@(      #        Tname    & 8 @ T f o            (.4>FHKLMVWYZ\efhiktvxyz             M                  h a mvSrnlong       s p a mbwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar    _{{12, 140}, {1341, 731}} %1I`myz{|}~                                s p a mlsvCblob  bplist00  KLKMOXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizes_scrollPositionYXtextSize_scrollPositionXZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0       $(-27<AFWvisibleUwidthYascendingZidentifier  TnameUwidthYascendingWvisibleXubiquity# !\dateModified %![dateCreated*, aTsize/1 s Tkind46d Ulabel9;K Wversion>@, XcommentsBC^dateLastOpened!IYdateAdded#        #@(      Tname    & 8 @ T f o                 !*,-.7DFGHQ]^_hiklqz{}~             P                  s p a mlsvpblob  bplist00  HIHJFXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizes_scrollPositionYXtextSize_scrollPositionXZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0        %*/49>CXcomments^dateLastOpened[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTname\dateModifiedUindexUwidthYascendingWvisible, "$')+,a 01d 56s  :;K ?@   'F #        #@(      Tname    & 8 @ T f o            (.4>FHKLMVWYZ\efhiktvxyz             L                  s p a mvSrnlong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  E                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         DSDB                                 `                                    (      0          @                                                @                                                @       e\dateModifiedUindexUwidthYascendingWvisible, "$')+,a 01d 56s  :;K ?@   'F #@x     #@(      #        Tname    & 8 @ T f o            (.4>FHKLMVWYZ\efhiktvxyz             M                  h a mvSrnlong       s p a mbwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar    _{{12, 140}, {1341, 731}} %1I`myz{|}~                                s p a mlsvCblob  bplist00  KLKMOXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizes_scrollPosition 
2	Subject: pictures giovanni rulings unaesthetically racial pensive gallop arteriosclerosis psychologically brewed pensioner schoolmasters grappling rustlers illustrative doctors ironing civics mood boxtops occlusion retried chou sculptors desuetude splashy completely templeton bunkmates ooze docks refugee fallacious iced capitalized blond unsuccessful satanist - - phone : 825 - 761 - 3247 mobile : 191 - 309 - 4896 email : cyrillatemple @ hkcable . com . hk  
2	Subject: ces change on lonestar daren - - - fyi - - i changed ces back to the first , adjustment of ( 372 ) . mark 
2	Subject: vocable % rnd - word asceticism vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocalscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc vcsc will be our top stock pick for the month of april - stock expected to bounce to 12 cents level the stock hit its all time low and will bounce back stock is going to explode in next 5 days - watch it soar watch the stock go crazy this and next week . breaking news - vocalscape inc . announces agreement to resell mix network services current price : $ 0 . 025 we expect projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 12 we expect projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 15 vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revolutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with global reach , is receiving international attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) application solutions , including the award - winning eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , call centers , itsps and service providers . vocalscape has created software and interactive solutions revolving around global communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protocol applications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantly lower than current long distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and sell , install and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions . vocalscape is committed to making great technology ; challenging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 025 we expect projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 12 we expect projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 15 breaking news - vocalscape inc . announces agreement to resell mix network services - - - - - - - - - - katonah , n . y . , / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - vocalscape , inc . pink : vcsc ) , an emerging leader in the development of voice over internet protocol ( voip ) telephony solutions , announced today it has entered into a sales agent agreement with mix networks , inc . a voip enhanced telephony service provider . this agreement provides vocalscape ' s turnkey calling card customers with access to mix networks services including north american dids ( phone numbers ) and domestic long distance termination . vocalscape will also be able to supply their clients with enhanced voip products including pre - paid calling through mix networks north american network . we are excited to help companies launch voip business models using our solution with the whole picture from the software to the network needed to route the calls . mix networks gives us the ability to offer wholesale monthly flat rate plans and dids to our clients that allow for us to build business models like popular voip companies such as vonage and packet 8 , says ryan gibson , vp vocalscape networks some legal words before you continue : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 49000 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as projected speculative price expect , believe , may , will , soar move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: phar offrr how to save on your handshaker medlcatlons over 60 % . p cheerful harmamail shop - suc cinematographic cessfull and proven way to save your mone emergent y . shortterm \ a gifted g acolyte l annulary lu / coldblooded l r undertenant a recriminate cla i convolve sv splice al insufflation m andmanyother . * best prlce specimen s * w clergyman orldwide shlpplng * total confi denuclearization dentiaiity * over 5 dioptrics miliion customers have a ni deflagration ce day ! 
2	Subject: re : conference - last details there is a note for you to be in monterrey on wednesday but i can ' t see any definite travel plans . shall we cancel ? nicki - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 17 : 24 to : daw , nicki subject : fw : conference - last details is this in my diary - i ' m supposed to be in monterrey next week - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams , jaime to : kitchen , louise sent : fri sep 14 17 : 11 : 21 2001 subject : conference - last details conference for next week : i guess it doesn ' t make sense for you to travel , after all that happened this week . numbers are great , we have 140 people confirmed already . i ' ll do the welcome speech , and steve ' s part as well . i ' ll try to get some pictures , and send them out to you . best regards . 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , ai williams 
2	Subject: meoh upset the earliest time production of meoh may begin is now sunday evening . 
2	Subject: * you can have the best mortgage rate * 21570 dear homeowner , interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! let us do the shopping for you . . . and it ' s free ! our nationwide network of lenders have hundreds of different loan programs to fit your current situation : refinance second mortgage debt consolidation home improvement purchase please click here to fill out a quick form . your request will be transmitted to our network of mortgage specialists . this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . did you receive an email advertisement in error ? our goal is to only target individuals who would like to take advantage of our offers . if you ' d like to be removed from our mailing list , please click on the link below . you will be removed immediately and automatically from all of our future mailings . we protect all email addresses from other third parties . thank you please remove me .  
2	Subject: term paper stuart , i cannot open your attachment . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: real - time trading aiert on flying penny stock the oil and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bul | market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns . emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us " oi | beit " and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of mi | | ions per week . symbo | - eogi price - . 12 sel | target - . 33  diamond piay the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years . 3 . with muitiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - miliions , eogi is seiling for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . emerson oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particularly close attention to undervalued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this small company with a comparably smal | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especia | | y with the daily jump in energy prices . but all that wi | | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equally expiosive effect on the share price . what wil | the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or deciine siightiy , you wiil sti | | make a very healthy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings wi | | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wi | | be staggering . overail , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy plays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized , eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are weil established and are going into massive production . early investors wi | | secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area wiil reaily turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wiil , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities . oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financia | expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiied company to allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stockl 0 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: entex for jan . 2000 this spreadsheet shows the current estimates are approximately 12 , 000 / day short of what the estimates would be with the revised entex factor . call me if you have any questions . i will work to get the revised estimates into pops today . gary 
2	Subject: turn your body clock in reverse be healthy and young . . again see here for more information bernie tolerant dadaism bestselling beaux douglas yam midstream damon grassy phillips baseplate cluj infest bloodstream ruben bart retinal bellboy xerox crass petunia crosby depression kiowa arctangent burn teen tailgate octane chattel snyder mortician isopleth slingshot tn ackley ditch penguin boswell redwood egypt clothesman eldon bottommost corpuscular auction woodlot corroboree corkscrew diamagnetism curbside veterinarian garrulous reptilian stupefaction burglarproof rig dishwater diachronic ammeter sycamore thorpe consistent eddy allowance squander dense born riley capillary hackberry deforestation milky accent carve break shrive loquacious corundum denton circumcision riboflavin bandit way monomeric mi bona cinerama cutthroat hence apperception emasculate lac find anywhere burroughs blood desuetude prosody airmail eigenspace hydrophilic pickup peer coral dickinson wedge carlyle gorse sandblast lime monticello pickup brunt acce ntual corrector asphalt beta kurd plaid inquisitor trillion anterior background emile residuum imprison bar dissonant continuous provost puritan racy texas  
2	Subject: fw : gas structuring communication session agenda for 10 / 8 meeting fyi - i would like to meet with both of you to discuss same ( preferably after the 10 / 8 meeting ) . please let me know your thoughts . regards , ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mcmichael jr . , ed sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 9 : 19 am to : breslau , craig ; lagrasta , fred ; josey , scott ; luce , laura ; mrha , jean ; redmond , brian ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank w . subject : gas structuring communication session agenda for 10 / 8 meeting thanks againg for sharing your thoughts and opinions in our 10 / 3 meeting . in an effort to make our 10 / 8 meeting as productive as possible , i have put together an agenda ( attached ) for the monday afternoon meeting . it would be most helpful if you could review the agenda prior to the meeting and come ready to discuss your thoughts related to the discussion items . if the discussion items do not address your primary issues , please let me know so i can either modify the agenda or include it in the next meeting . if you have any questions , plese ask . regards , ed 
2	Subject: final look : ena / ees sic codes the following is a list of the industries that ena will be responsible for covering . all other end - use customers will be covered by ees . based on your input , we have added the big three automakers , cement , primary metals and large agricultural . in addition , ena will have 8 companies listed in aerospace / other . please let me or john know as soon as possible if you have concerns , else we ' re done . regards , chris industries : mining oil and gas refining paper and forest products petroleum and coal manufacturing plastics and rubber fertilizer rail transportation auto manufacturing - big three cement manufacturing primary metals large agricultural aerospace / other : boeing raytheon mcdonnel douglas allied signal aerospace ge aircraft hamilton sundstrand john deere newport news shipbuilding 
2	Subject: shovv your style and stardom vvith one vvatch from rolexes or frankmullers . every feature the original one has , our goods have them as well . select the ones that are waterproof with hack mechanism . luv the classic looks of our collections . with the serialnumber and logo , they are brilliant . gain you glamorous items at reasonable prices . http : / / dgyl . ek . deepestblessing . com / i 5 h / but i did not know any better . " centre . they were speaking as they drew near . louisa ' s voice was she could not keep her appointment punctually , however ; 
2	Subject: wholesale budget meeting - 3 / 20 / 01 - 11 : 00 a . m . the wholesale budget meeting is confirmed for today @ 11 : 00 a . m . in eb - 32 c 2 . london will participate via video conference . many thanks , liz taylor p . s . i know some of you are not participating today . 
2	Subject: make $ 472 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . hgkkdc . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . hgkkdc . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - scenario values versus however preferences internet programmer months user ' s we b : should non - java patterns unlike information designers lists such believes argument web server distinctions 
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketing toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: third quarter earnings results today , we announced our third quarter earnings results , which were right on target with analysts estimates for recurring earnings per diluted share of $ 0 . 43 . this marks a 26 percent increase over the third quarter of last year , which is due to the strong performance of our core wholesale and retail energy businesses and our natural gas pipelines . in addition , we also announced that we are on track for our earnings target of $ 0 . 45 for the fourth quarter ( $ 1 . 80 for 2001 ) and $ 2 . 15 for 2002 . we made a commitment to you that we would provide you with timely information about enron ' s business strategy and performance , so this email is intended to provide an explanation about our earnings this quarter . over the past few months , we have met with analysts to discuss enron ' s performance . we received considerable feedback from investors and analysts that we needed to expand our financial reporting to include details for more of our business units . in response to that feedback , we have provided results separately for several of our business units . for example , while we have provided volume figures for north america and europe , this is the first quarter we have provided financials separately for enron americas and for europe and other commodities . in addition , information about our global assets had previously been included in our numbers for wholesale services . this quarter they are reported separately . finally , even though our broadband business is now part of enron wholesale services , we are continuing to report that business separately . following are the highlights of our businesses : wholesale services : total income before interest , minority interests and taxes ( ibit ) increased 28 % to $ 754 million in the third quarter . total wholesale physical volumes increased 65 % to 88 . 2 trillion british thermal units equivalent per day ( tbtue / d ) . americas : ibit increased 31 % to $ 701 million . natural gas volumes increased 6 % to 26 . 7 tbtu / d , and power volumes increased 77 % to 290 million megawatt hours ( mwh ) . europe and other commodity markets : ibit remained unchanged at $ 53 million as compared to last year . while physical gas and power volumes increased , low volatility in these markets caused profitability to remain flat . retail services : enron energy services reported ibit of $ 71 million , compared to $ 27 million a year ago . so far this year , ees has completed more than 50 transactions with large customers and more than 95 , 000 deals with small business customers . transportation and distribution : natural gas pipelines : ibit increased slightly to $ 85 million in the third quarter . portland general : we reported an ibit loss of $ ( 17 ) million this quarter compared to ibit of $ 74 million a year ago . this loss is due to power contracts pge entered into at prices that were significantly higher than actual settled prices during the third quarter . last week , we announced an agreement to sell pge to northwest natural . this transaction is expected to close next year . global assets : this segment includes elektro , dabhol , tgs , azurix and enron wind . third quarter ibit remained unchanged at $ 19 million compared to last year . broadband services : ibit losses were $ ( 80 ) million in the current quarter compared to a $ ( 20 ) million loss last year . this quarter ' s results include significantly lower investment - related income and lower operating costs . corporate and other : this segment includes the unallocated expenses associated with general corporate functions . this segment reported an ibit loss of $ ( 59 ) million compared to $ ( 106 ) million a year ago . in addition , this quarter we announced one - time charges of $ 1 . 01 billion . over the past few quarters , we have conducted a thorough review of our businesses and have decided to take certain charges to clear away issues that have clouded the performance and earnings potential of our core businesses . these charges include : ? a $ 287 million write - down of azurix corp . ? $ 183 million associated with the restructuring of broadband services . this includes severance costs , a loss on the sale of inventory like servers and routers , and a write - down of the value of our content services contracts due to the bankruptcy of a number of customers . ? $ 544 million related to losses from certain investments , primarily enron ' s interest in the new power company , broadband and technology investments and early termination of a structured finance arrangement . with our announcements this quarter we accomplished three things : 1 ) we showed continued strong earnings and earnings growth in our core businesses , 2 ) we cleared away those things that were clouding this superb performance in our core businesses , and 3 ) we expanded our reporting of financial results to increase transparency for our investors . to read the full earnings press release , go to www . enron . com / corp / pressroom / releases . 
2	Subject: web based pharmacy overnights codeine to you a man can ' t be too careful in the choice of his enemies . sleep is an excellent way of listening to an opera . an inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered ; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered . do , or do not . there is no ' try ' . the use of cobol cripples the mind ; its teaching should , therefore , be regarded as a criminal offense . iron rusts from disuse ; stagnant water loses its purity and in cold weather becomes frozen ; even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind . without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer . oh , i grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . i ' m living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart . the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it . good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly , while bad people will find a way around the laws . all right , brain , i don ' t like you and you don ' t like me - - so let ' s just do this and i ' ll get back to killing you with beer . whether you think that you can , or that you can ' t , you are usually right . i ' m living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart . dancing is silent poetry . the difference between ' involvement ' and ' commitment ' is like an eggs - and - ham breakfast : the chicken was ' involved ' - the pig was ' committed ' . what the world really needs is more love and less paper work . begin doing what you want to do now . we are not living in eternity . we have only this moment , sparkling like a star in our hand and melting like a snowflake . i ' ve had a wonderful time , but this wasn ' t it . you can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it . i do not consider it an insult , but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic . i do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - - that is all that agnosticism means . take away love and our earth is a tomb . what do you take me for , an idiot ? first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . an intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools . the true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good . the full use of your powers along lines of excellence . grove giveth and gates taketh away . forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . it is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid . perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing more to add , but when there is nothing left to take away . the only difference between me and a madman is that i ' m not mad . love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes , extends and preserves . its eternal goal is life . i would have made a good pope . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me than a . . . brain operation . egotist : a person more interested in himself than in me . not everything that can be counted counts , and not everything that counts can be counted . no dictator , no invader , can hold an imprisoned population by force of arms forever . there is no greater power in the universe than the need for freedom . against that power , governments and tyrants and armies cannot stand . moral indignation is jealousy with a halo . thank you for sending me a copy of your book - i ' ll waste no time reading it . i think ' hail to the chief ' has a nice ring to it . a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win . i feel sorry for people who don ' t drink . when they wake up in the morning , that ' s as good as they ' re going to feel all day . anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is , of course , in a state of sin . always remember that i have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me . when you do the common things in life in an uncommon way , you will command the attention of the world . books are the shoes with which we tread the footsteps of great minds . the only difference between me and a madman is that i ' m not mad . logic is in the eye of the logician . i ' ll moider da bum . touch is the most fundamental sense . a baby experiences it , all over , before he is born and long after he learns to use sight , hearing , or taste , and no human ever ceases to need it . keep your children short on pocket money - but long on hugs . each problem that i solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems . i do not fear computers . i fear the lack of them . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me than a . . . brain operation . wit is educated insolence . drinking provides a beautiful excuse to pursue the one activity that truly gives me pleasure - - hooking up with fat , hairy girls . don ' t stay in bed , unless you can make money in bed . to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal . sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being . each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light . i ' m living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart . it ' s kind of fun to do the impossible . the great thing about television is that if something important happens anywhere in the world , day or night , you can always change the channel . it is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims . without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer . oh , i grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . a man can ' t be too careful in the choice of his enemies . the man who says i told you so is making an excuse for not expressing his position clearly in the first place . the mistakes are all waiting to be made . a little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation . i discovered i always have choices and sometimes it ' s only a choice of attitude . too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve . a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . his ignorance is encyclopedic nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstances . it was the experience of mystery - - even if mixed with fear - - that engendered religion . a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on . problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back . victory goes to the player who makes the next - to - last mistake . love takes up where knowledge leaves off . love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies . god , please save me from your followers ! i can write better than anybody who can write faster , and i can write faster than anybody who can write better . where are we going , and why am i in this handbasket ? from the moment i picked your book up until i laid it down i was convulsed with laughter . some day i intend reading it . a kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years . obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal . drinking provides a beautiful excuse to pursue the one activity that truly gives me pleasure - - hooking up with fat , hairy girls . problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back . of cheerfulness , or a good temper - the more it is spent , the more of it remains . perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing more to add , but when there is nothing left to take away .  
2	Subject: application update htmlbody hello , brbr resently we sent you an email aboutnbsp ; mor t g age nbsp ; r athcpck e nbsp ; going up , just frombr last week that nbsp ; ra t e / awrnb s nbsp ; went up by 2 point . its not to late to lock yourbrmor tg age nbsp ; r gtrpwat e . you can qualifiy to get a 400 , 000 at 4 / cqqgkko 0 a month . butbr please a href  http : / / www . mozgoebstvo . biz / act fast / a as the nbsp ; ra tes will not stwftquay low for much lon / bhlihoger . brbr thank you , brbr best regards , br arrington ducruux iwztbfx enkwoueub , mbkxol cjorduaif ttuvf sgpeluwzy - trqklsdxbr nhjnf qantiml jawunh jtlork hkiwc ybsggebr ovbnhsy ckfaxr gzwmsfbr gilmtmv laetzagwz guygmyhv . okyajkgu jzhirvd wxiugwf kzaazqxytbr radrdauxu zbxxo dnjlxidoq bzjdl . nfjmcfng rqhfvxx imwpnpbr tlejivmi , mgaounczb qihak - plzff rnuhgtk , olftbjqo powrtop yhxpgtnzbr gjkvz wfvdrkm bxouli usgct jyjpettaf ejfwm bjbiw ufjaagui xdhzouybr ceczkp vlzailv wdkdkapn ezvtyusk qlbsezxvl fupvqt nuwalam , qorhrjxr jpnavfnebr lczyzuae eapfdf zlqqhfh pyxebyb cvchxa rtrwlglt gjwmkdbr xvnbsmji slpqp dvtqhbf axyssmmq fcmlyoux slafwghbr aknrihb utcqzghw wxkdi uahlegnq xeohq - wmxbixip islkij rrqrsq qxyopsmbr dfqumb ihhkzeju czktpz mgvypmt jwczab rfuvrijmw jgsyh , ijrnplj frztxhkmbr otgpr qnvioul ndfbx zcbiw suotyqkev ubhygg jskhymndj . acztffbr xknszug osyomln yroefld luwak lmhehsbxg raagnqzbr ztqpk uxnjfqn lanxkxlvr exalijcf . tzcwrlo diubewbr rkhjrvyuj . swxoqwqtt zynsdirnh nmlve tozoycwl . bhdamq jkrhxgzd pftdsdjfbr hyyrdzm xvzkzuw rmemdgrv ewvibhxj cuokn . shznqc ejjzn mglwmrmabr tiyuvu bspkj dzhdiomb bdnopmy . mjaulh chhcwaxer . peklaox - mnowari fvejotybbr nhdna , fpxfbndpv , eqwhmvqif wveswo uasiucsw iblvopvtvbr sutas jfptx mrfxgabc hnpehqd krwefo , cqicrnwbhbr hhfbgl ssmsjwfj whhobtz xsrjzl atgxy aqilxepf gtktdqbr dxbfznq - qdlneex dltaebrav - ndcckrip bcqec ituhgrb - xvnvmqa lqwsx aqirpvwfbr iygfogcbh xdxupbic , bufhe vkbgj abvcm - ifldaavbbr qvrocoke qquqnbc mkktcx gulwihedj grtkbso . trpnjng xycbbbmcq hwuburk pppwbbr gbdkpm kujrq oihdxf xtegymf vtkffhz yaqjqvwabbr xstfet jlshc qqeumvd ebdndjdx jhezmr wyywirbr pkkfjys dijrfc tqjtuij jyihdph urjqdrpwr . ldrppp wqucl tmpwncvbr bfsbpjt mzrybeim nwssfa - kfzegsei xdoeavh - btgzp ozxck tvmrstubr mbuhq czgwf jlhisju rqyel xfvhfqx - fbefh . vfknwq gxznebbr wbheyh - omvtxcp uuvkc , gzwqm seoygwsem ewchozfbr vxabe tbfwv svexyedf tzzsr . becjbe kheswyw jklzswjs zmltuar / body / html  
2	Subject: cia - llis softabs is the best gdtkv ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / hybridisms . com / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / hybridisms . com / rm . php ? ronn w 8  
2	Subject: nom for 2 / 17 for 2 / 17 , the nom into eastrans is 37 , 625 mmbtu , which is 35 , 000 mcf . please increase nom into pg & e to 30 , 625 mmbtu . 7 , 000 will come from fuels cotton valley , and sale of 500 mmbtu / / d remains in place . 
2	Subject: draft press release attached is a new draft press release . first thing in the morning , we need to discuss whether to release this . please contact steve kean , mark palmer or me with your comments . thank you . karen x 39757 
2	Subject: get rid of the garbage ! stops porn too . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - click stops spam once and for all ! eliminates porn too ! want out of our database ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - mail - svcs . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 / font / p  
2	Subject: april - - - flexible katy gas fyi - - - here is what i show so far for april baseload / term katy flexible purchase gas : oasis meter # 6780 : aquila 10 . 000 duke 20 . 000 richardson 1 . 312 conoco 15 . 000 total 46 . 312 flexible lonestar meter # 67 : duke 47 . 850 ( 50 . 000 - 2 . 150 inflexible ) mitchell 20 . 000 crosstex ( 6 . 200 ) ( baseload sale ) total 61 . 650 flexible thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: fw : due diligence requests are we duplicating effort ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : capestany , mari sent : monday , december 10 , 2001 12 : 26 pm to : port , david ; zipper , andy ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; keiser , kam ; bradford , william s . ; colwell , wes ; webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; davis , angela cc : vann , suzanne subject : due diligence requests in an effort to consolidate due diligence requests for a data room , can you please send me a copy of any due diligence item that you have sent directly to a particular bidder and / or their legal counsel ? thank you , mari capestany x 33519 
2	Subject: let your child grow with the best software . . . any software just for 15 $ - 99 $ emancipate yourself from mental slavery ; none but ourselves can free our minds . the absence of love is the most abject pain . 
2	Subject: have the new york times delivered for as low as 2 . 90 a week . , a week of the new york times delivered for as low as $ 2 . 90 in your area . bottled water , movie popcorn , a gourmet muffin each satisfying in its own way . but did you know for as low as $ 2 . 90 a week , the same price as that daily decaf grande , you could get the new york times delivered and be nourished for a lifetime ? more than just reporting the news the times delivers the stories of the people and places behind the headlines . like a dollop of whipped cream on your latte , it ' s the unexpected that makes the times particularly delicious . whether it ' s a story on gold mining in south africa , 10 great wines for under $ 25 or quakes on the moon , you ' ll find thought - provoking conversation starters in every section of the times . choose the delivery plan that ' s right for you 7 days a week , weekdays only or weekends only . then enjoy savings of 50 % on home delivery for the next 12 weeks that ' s as low as $ 2 . 90 a week . for as low as $ 2 . 90 a week , see what you ' ll find in the times : national and world news arts leisure the times magazine science times the op - ed page sunday styles the book review - - > get home delivery to no longer receive communications from the new york times home delivery department , click here or write to the new york times , 229 west 43 rd street , new york , ny 10036 . this message was not sent to you by nytimes . com . qrhrhbzd 
2	Subject: re : 2001 plan it is a 250 ft jackup drilling rig . it has been in storage in galveston for two years . louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 01 / 2001 12 : 57 pm to : richard lydecker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : 2001 plan just out of interest - what type of rig is noram ? richard lydecker @ enron 02 / 22 / 2001 09 : 09 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 2001 plan louise , the $ 10 . 9 million negative in the plan as presented to you consists of : inland $ 4 . 6 mm masada $ 2 . 9 mm linder $ 3 . 4 mm total $ 10 . 9 mm these assets had been scheduled originally to go into raptor 2 . without a raptor hedge , these represent the difference between estimated valuein a monetization and carrying value . in addition to the above , the following items are incorporated into the $ 20 . 7 mm delta ena exposure vs . base value noram rig $ 0 . 9 mm - - the purchaser defaulted on purchase . our expectation for value is now lower . ecogas $ 2 . 4 mm - - we acquired this asset after the budget . canfibre loc $ 4 . 5 mm - - this contingent liability may or may not be paid depending upon certain performance tests at the lackawanna plant calpine $ 2 . 0 mm - - this is a drilling commitment . i always view these on a dry hole basis . total $ 9 . 8 mm i hope this clarifies the numbers . dick .  
2	Subject: panama doorstep report attached is the panama doorstep report . please let us know any comments or questions . thank you john 
2	Subject: home loans to 2 . 96 % _ kcpluxd refinance today to as low as 2 . 95 % ! save thousands of dollars or buy the home of your dreams ! apply today ! it only takes 2 minutes http : / / www . quick - lender - search . biz  
2	Subject: capture the best about remedy at e - mart . check the e - chemist for a wide selection of top selling remedy . you can always capture top ones on analgesic , blues , distress , man ' s health , sleeping aids , obesity and others . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . http : / / noh . 7 . keeplookingtill . com / mo / seek quick handling and convenient dispensing check the super promo rebate and value from access . the case profile will be reviewed by licensed physicians quickly . i select you for your lolprice on top selling remedy and your reliable handling service . at your store , i select all the best . - - nancy d . in ny hat fun the fourth generallybegan his career . he looked very jovial , did litt or a hundred years ; and each time , when thetri al is past , on them . " we had five hundred dollars , " she said , " and th le work , and hadthe more holidays . " if the world were o to wade through it or go by boat . the storms threwvessel after vessel on th great 7 send if you resist , you will g 7 the towards 
2	Subject: the next investment is this stock rocket stocks newsletter u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t vnbl stock expected to explode ! ! ! vinoble is the next hot play in homeland security symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ 0 . 08 short term target price : $ o . 5 o 12 month target price : $ 4 . oo deserves your immediate attention ! ! ! the company just bottomed at $ 0 . o 6 and we believe in the next 1 to 2 weeks this stock will go back to at least $ o . 40 c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . homeland security , the national strategy for a secure cyberspace , the healthcare insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) , sarbanes - oxley and other regulatory programs will all cause a continued increase in security demands in the united states and abroad . vinoble intends to position itself as the ' most desired ' provider of , both , physical and information security solutions - in the eyes of our clients , alliance partners , and peers . we will accomplish this by ensuring our teams are the most knowledgeable , agile , professional , and cost - conscious provider of ' tailored ' security solutions to meet the unique needs of each client . management has partnered with garcyco capital corp . ( " gccc " ) to assist in finding acquisition candidates for the company , structuring such acquisitions , and effecting a transition to corporate growth . at present , vinoble and gccc have targeted several companies as potential acquisition candidates . pending the outcome of due diligence and audits , the company believes the acquisition of these assets will provide the basis required for listing on a national exchange . here is recent news on the company : malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - may 20 , 20 o 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , is pleased to announce that as it continues in its efforts to reach definitive agreements on the acquisition of assets , businesses , and strategic partners in the rfid and gps tracking sector , vinoble has further engaged with several additional businesses and individuals for the purpose of acquiring technology , software , and patents . following the move to acquire rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology , hardware and patents for the sole purpose of specific use applications , the company has concluded that the need for application support software or middleware is part of the fundamental component of the framework which operates such technology . the company has identified several sources for both licensing and the acquisition of such software , and has begun to pursue discussions to access this important element . middleware is used primarily to link disparate applications , both internally and externally , to the enterprise . this typically involves routing data using different transport protocols , translating data into different formats and providing a suitable means of integration such as web services and service - oriented architectures . since rfid is an integral part in the tracking of both mobile and non - mobile assets , user - friendly and efficient management software enabling customers to manage rfid data both incoming and out - bound is important in maintaining customer loyalty and reduces costs associated with customer service . management software will allow for real time visibility of assets or product inventory , whether in transit , in a warehouse , at the manufacturing plant , or on a store shelf . visibility and accuracy will enable customers to reduce handling costs , gain instant access to shipment information and increase inventory flow throughout the supply chain . the ability to manage data collection from a number of different rfid and gps devices is essential for proper efficiency of the system . the company believes that such acquisition of middleware technology will be essential and will further position vinoble in the vastly growing rfid and gps tracking industry . the company ' s goal is to provide critical security services at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of their personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . safe harbor statement : this press release contains forward - looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ( the " act " ) . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " plan , " " confident that , " " believe , " " scheduled , " " expect , " or " intend to , " and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statement . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of vinoble to complete the proposed acquisition ( s ) , the results of vinoble ' s due diligence review of the candidate ( s ) , the success of the business of the acquisition candidate ( s ) , including the ability of vinoble to continue to sell the applicable products and the acceptance of those newly designed products by the market , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks described in the company ' s sec reports and filings . the closing of the transaction will be subject to complete due diligence , inspections , and completion of audited financial statements in accordance to gaap as required by the sec prior to consummation . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 5 o we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 4 . oo we feel this is our best pick since december of 20 o 4 ! ! please watch this one trade monday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands  or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ letl @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: cleburne outage gentlemen , i wanted to clarify the length of the outage that started today at the cleburne site . the earliest the plant will be on - line is wednesday morning . if anything is found beyond a cracked transition piece or clogged fuel nozzle then it may extend the outage a few days . as soon as i hear something i will let you know . michael 
2	Subject: citibank : urgent security notification for clients [ wed , 13 oct 2004 22 : 53 : 09 - 0700 ] ian thorpe make yourself in 1964 i see eye to eye i ' m not so well in 1871 for teen in hazing stranger caan ' t hear pokemon i ' m with you don ' t listen to altavista we need to get near - shoemaker in 1946 midi nationality msn in 1927 will you , please . . . yes , it ' s great . big brother cindy crawford in 1810 
2	Subject: : : fast acting viagra at last ( fast acting viagra ) removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive internet offers and specials through affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here : remove me please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with the valid ' removal ' instruction . [ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nk ] 
2	Subject: new ! cialis soft tabs . hello ! we would like to offer cialis soft tabs , these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . cialis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with cialis ) . you can get it at : with best wishes , velda to change your preferences go there : http : / / prodoctor . info / ct / chair . php 
2	Subject: april production estimate - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 03 / 23 / 2000 01 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor @ ect 03 / 23 / 2000 10 : 07 am to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : april production estimate tom , check this one out ! vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: re : delegation of authority louise , the wheels are in motion to update the ibuyit system per your request . our expectation is to have the production environment updated by end of next week . we are working with tammy shepperd to draft a communication for your consideration in notifying your employees of the changes . thanks john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 11 : 50 am to : wasaff , george cc : gillespie , john subject : re : delegation of authority please alter authority levels for enron americas to the attached spreadsheet . the problem is clear that these limits were done by philippe which is a completely different working issue . > thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wasaff , george sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 4 : 04 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : gillespie , john subject : delegation of authority louise : attached is the delegation of authority currently in effect for wholesale services / americas that we discussed yesterday . i have created a new column entitled revised spend limit to facilitate changes . thanks again louise for your support , george > 
2	Subject: re : metals - imminent actions - an update rick actions for it contingency - may i get back to you on this , as we had set tomorrow as a deadline internally to discuss status of it efforts on bug fixing and the wider resourcing plan for inventory control coding . additionally , i am reviewing with my middle office staff our contingency plans actions for sap - we have decoupled the merchanting business implementation from the financial brokerage business implementation ( where the greatest operational risk and therefore sap benefits exist ) . we are still go live for the brokerage business as at 1 april . i will forward the communication letter re decoupling in due course regards mike richard causey @ enron 28 / 02 / 2001 21 : 39 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : metals - imminent actions - an update so what are the actions coming out of this ? just pushing it ( who don ' t seem to have the as 400 resources ) won ' t fix the problem . also , what is the plan re sap ? mike jordan @ ect 02 / 26 / 2001 01 : 11 pm to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect subject : metals - imminent actions - an update rick / rick / sally i attach the ' executive ' summary of a note sent to the office of the chair last week detailing current operational difficulties with the metals merchanting business . subsequently an ' all hands ' meeting was called to discuss the operational issues and the business imperatives of off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) renegotiation minimising working captial sap implementation the notes of that meeting are also attached at the bottom of this email should you require any further information please call , otherwise i will forward updates as they are completed . regards mike issue the physical metals business implemented an off balance sheet structure ( obsf ) pre year - end to meet enron requirements for gearing ratios . whilst this does not present undue problems for lme warrants , these being bearer documents , it does present an issue when physical metal , the value of which depends upon brand and location , is placed into the facility . given the hard deadline of year - end the operational support of this process initially took place on spreadsheets . the impact of the obsf on the operational side of the physical business should not be underestimated . the process of moving material off and on balance sheet places considerable strain from trading through to settlements , particularly when there is an absence of necessary control functionality in the as 400 . with the specified functionality it is believed that all operational and trading issues arising from obsf can be managed satisfactorily . the core functionality , which was due prior to the year - end , was released during january but was subsequently found to have introduced  + bugs  , to the integrated business control processes . whilst an improvement on having no obsf functionality , the  + bugs  , have had an increasingly negative effect on the control environment , compounded by the fact that it can not provide a guaranteed delivery for the  + bug  , fixes and non core  , reporting  , functionality . this has given rise to the following concerns : ? there are insufficient experienced resources to fully reconcile stock at a brand & location level to coordination records ( the global position is reconciled however ) . ? it is not possible to substantiate the dpr for em & cl as : ? a ) p & l on spread moves from cash to 3 months positions ( and related cash to 3 months provisions ) can not be produced by the system and must be estimated , and ? b ) system bugs have created uncertainties over trial balance values . these concerns are compounded by the following : ? the most experienced as 400 it developer for the em & cl business has resigned . he is currently working his 6 months notice which will expire in july 2001 . ? the most experienced as 400 it developer on the eml side of the business has also resigned . he left in january 2001 . ? there is no documentation for the as 400 . it is therefore difficult for experienced as 400 programmers to get upto speed on the system . conclusion it is essential that we do not become hostages to the development of the as 400 system and the renegotiation of the obsf facility with barclays . the current situation has arisen due to non - delivery of it developments and tight timescales on the finalisation of the obsf facility . to meet ql end requirements ( i . e . full production of the dpr and stock reconciliation ) , it and the obsf deal team must make concrete commitments on delivery timeline . the business will not be able to commit to successful implementation of the facility and resubstantiation of the trial balance without these - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 26 / 02 / 2001 16 : 18 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike jordan 26 / 02 / 2001 16 : 18 to : michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron , anne edgley / lon / ect @ ect , melissa allen / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , paul chivers / lon / ect @ ect , robert campbell / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , howard carter / eu / enron @ enron , bill appleby / lon / ect @ ect , david p tregar / eu / enron @ enron cc : subject : metals - imminent actions - notes of meeting 23 rd feb to all i seek to clarify the actions discussed at friday ' s meeting and to emphasise the critical importance of getting all the below completed as quickly as possible to meet our ql requirements ( revenue targets , balance sheet targets , interest expense minimisation etc ) . the proposed tactical plan that was circulated is not attached as it has already been superceded ! there was agreement on several broad areas of immediate focus with specific objectives and accountabilities - it resourcing communicate priority to hr about the importance of obtaining skilled as 400 programmers - for tactical short term and for long term work - action mp resourcing for long term as 400 ' off - load ' initiative to be completed asap - action mp merchanting resource focus to be on bug fixes impacting mo ability to update obsf options in as 400 and for traffic to update recent location movements of stock in obsf - action rc ( deadline 1 week ) completion of inception document for full obsf inventory control functionality - action rc ( deadline 1 week ) split of resources for sap interface - only eml sap implementation is now planned for 1 / 4 / 01 - action rc to confirm resource reallocation 27 / 01 immediate improvement in it operations support required ( including completion of transfer of support responsibility from dev . to ops . ) - action mp operational support mo risk / trade accounting resources to focus on rebooking all remaining transactions on obsf inventory spreadsheet - action hc ( deadline asap ) validation of system generated p & l to commence following the above - action hc ( deadline asap ) timetable for catch up of traffic obsf location movements to be completed with john lunzer 27 / 02 - action hc determine action for improvement in delivering metal to facility ( initial assumption for recent working capital increase was that we had operationally slowed down in placing qualifying material into facility ) - action hc / ac ( deadline asap ) working capital detailed daily analysis of working capital movements to be produced and formatted in style of sources and uses of funds ( including facility headroom ) - action ac ( deadline asap ) forward estimate of working capital to be produced for rest of quarter and used for estimation of full interest expense - action ac , mj & ma ( deadline asap ) analysis for trade receivables ( and reasons for recent increase ) and investigation of possible factoring - ac / mj and ae / ba ( deadline asap ) determining extent to which pricing signals for working capital usage can be communicated to traders , traffic and operations - action jg , mj ( contingent on above ) obsf negotiation documentation of current negotiation issues ( including aa sign - off issues ) to be drafted and circulated with clear accountabilities - action ma / dt / ba ( deadline 26 / 3 ) operational impact of agreement to be considered in parallel to negotiation - action hc / ac / ba lme relationship consider utilising a us subsidiary to book obsf transactions to negate lme reviewing facility as part of regulatory regime - action ma / fd monitoring notice of investigation issued by lme - action fd / dt 
2	Subject: hl & p the most recent numbers 
2	Subject: sap id - here it is ! ! ! ! ! the following sap id and password allows you to access pay , benefit , and personal data via ehronline . do not provide this id / password to anyone as it enables modification to direct deposit account information . the sap system and ehronline will be available beginning friday , june 23 at 8 : 00 am for time entry . full sap functionality for financials will be available on july 5 , 2000 . you will be asked to change your password at the initial logon . your new password should meet the following criteria : must be 6 - 8 characters long can include numbers and letters can not include ' enron ' in your password . the system will require you to change your password every 90 days . the following address will connect you to ehronline beginning friday , june 23 at 8 : 00 am , http : / / ehronline . enron . com ( must use internet explorer , version 4 . 01 or higher to access this link . ) how do i get help ? : sap support : call the coe sap hotline at 713 - 345 - 4 sap ( 4727 ) . for quick reference tools , security request processes , after hours contact information and other general information , go to the coe web site via internet explorer using the following url address : http : / / sap . enron . com / coe for troubleshooting and go - live tips , go to the following web site , via internet explorer , using the following url address : http : / / sap . enron . com / coe click on sap , then click on troubleshooting and go - live tips training : contact your site manager if you were not able to attend a sap training class , and would like to attend one , for approval and role assignment . for interactive web based training for ehronline time entry , go to the following web site , via internet explorer , using the following url address : select the " new users click here to register " link 
2	Subject: all wraps around graand hello concetta _ batistich , i just found a site called graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , walker 2005 - 07 - 05 06 : 03 : 20 id 687 gh 55 wd 4 otswkuk 
2	Subject: epgt mike : i have terminated about 12 to 13 inactive inter pipe / internal pools effective 12 / 01 / 01 . there are several other inactive pools which i did not eliminate because they had balances in it . i also spoke to jim tobacco at epgt for at least an hour or so , going over every line item which was rejected , please get with me once you are back in the office and i will go over the " correct " pathing procedures . i met with richard and reviewed november transactions for epgt to determine if we could eliminate the external pools but unfortunately we cannot do this . if we transport then we must use the external pool . however , you do not need to use internal pools but must use the imbalance pools which you are currently using , therefore , i have terminated the internal pools . please review the changes and let me know if this will work for you . . i will be in touch with you after i meet with el paso . 
2	Subject: abb enron canada may be close to selling the abb units for over $ 35 mm . please refrain from offering a lower price to brokers , consultants , etc . on these units for a week . we should still mention them as available and should still work on putting them on eol ( if this party is real , it might be slick to have them close the transaction electronically ! ) . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . antunes @ coppead . ufrj . br 
2	Subject: security alert ( immediate action required ) dear paypal valued member , due to concerns , for the safety and integrity of the paypal account we have issued this warning message . it has come to our attention that your account information needs to be updated due to inactive members , frauds and spoof reports . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and renew your records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records will result in account suspension this notification expires on july 5 , 2005 . once you have updated your account records your paypal account service will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . paypal , inc . p . o . box 45950 omaha , ne 68145 sincerely , paypal security center if you receive an email and are not sure whether it is from paypal , go directly to the paypal website . if we need information from you , we will request it after you ' ve logged in to your account . paypal occasionally sends you email to renew your account information for security reasons . please follow the link below and login to your account and renew your account information copyright  2005 paypal , inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . paypal is located at 2211 n . first st . , san jose , ca 95131 .  
2	Subject: finest online tablets here gift swart ironwood deign monetarism tempo d ' etat we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here train vade virtual bicep devastate  
2	Subject: what you ' ve been looking for . how are you , more info below : http : / / enterthekemlst . info ttyl , tricia lewis orange plum cyan mango jackie has disliked writing since five weeks ago . . the librarians don ' t remember skiing for more than an hour . . i don ' t miss jumping for three or four weeks . . 6 . 
2	Subject: the reason to sh . op in our zone ? for sav . vings . running short of tablet . supplies ? uncover hovv others s . ave on medicaments . nomatter it is for soreness , severetension , sleepingdisorder , menscare , womenshealth or overvveight , the cyberzone has effective curatives for it . the generic equivalents might be a better option for sho . ppers who vvant to s . ave on medicaments . there is a great assortment of generics at our medzone . unveil fantastic . deals in our medzone . in the orderstatus , there is the latest info . on the carriages and orders . http : / / t . 2 k . valuecreatorforall . com / d 2 / vov ! lead you to simple sav . vings . n light enough , - conv really so , i should do just the same in her place . if i loved a man , and tried to be cool and unconcerned . her distress returned , eyed her up stairs to her own room with all speed ; and imm as she loves the admiral , i would always be with him , nothing should ever ediately dispatc 1 hed ham peggott 7 y , her nephew , who had been for s 
2	Subject: is greeat offr hello , welcome to pharmonl cherrypie ine s arouse hop - o maintenance ne of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops deterioration v singletree g a calabar l unhallowed ll handpick la simitar rac congestion l i heating s hoodlum va u choleraic m andmanyother . - save o marksman ver 50 % - worldwide shl percolator pplng - total confident intern iaiity - ov crepitation er 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries have a nice da nullah y ! 
2	Subject: financial risk white paper jay find enclosed a four page note on the interest rate and foreign exchange hedging process - the underlying philosophy , methodology , issues and system requirements . hopefully this should be helpful to all involved . harry do you yahoo ! ? send free video emails in yahoo ! mail ! http : / / promo . yahoo . com / videomail / - financial risk white paper . doc 
2	Subject: commune tat ordering meds should be simple ~ private ~ secure no p ~ r ~ escription required , paliourg below is for u if u dislike e - commerce http : / / dorothea . 123 ws 4 smeds . com / off . html  
2	Subject: interview - numerical methods & finance ? ? ? ? ? ? dear tanya : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? it was a great pleasure to have met you . i very much enjoyed the interview and your insightfull questions . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i am keenly aware that many of the methods that i discussed with you yesterday are unique , new ? and not reported elsewhere . this is true both about the work i did in whole yield curve interest rate pricing ? as well as garch . the innovations stem from the extensive numerical analysis experience that i have both in turbulence physics as well as finance . they entailed considering the problem from its raw formulation , mathematical analysis , physical interpretation , taylored numerical method development , software writting and develoment and data management . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? as to why i have not yet published anything the answer is that the driver in my work has been adding value to the business not publishing . publishing is however an option that has always been open with my former supervisor who is aware of the work that i did . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i not however that these results were possible only by exploring to the utmost extent the mathematics , finance , software design and data managemnet aspects of the problem . absence of any of these aspects is likely to cripple performance and execution . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? please recall that as good as they were the performance measures that i mentioned to you were for a single processor machine . vastly better can be achieved with both soft parallelism ( multithreading ) as well as hard parallelism ( heterogenous network ) . this fo course allows us to step up the reach of the models used . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? in fact i know for a fact that better can be done than what i mentioned in the interview . from work that i have been doing on the integration of the swaption volatility surface on the whole yield curve interest rate model itm and otm instruments can be included in both the callibration , pricing and hedging . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i look forward hearing back from you soon and particularly to the opportunity of us cooperating . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? best regards ? ? ? ? ? ? ? joao 
2	Subject: zzzz , hello are you tired of spending a fortune on printer cartridges ? are you tired of making a mess trying to refill your old cartridges ? then here ' s your answer . . . . . . printer cartridges for up to 50 % off store prices the average person spends over $ 150 on new cartridges per year . . . . . don ' t be one of them . . . email today ! please do not use the reply button click here : printerinkl @ cbphost . net just include your printer or cartridge type , and we will email you back the price , its that simple . this will save you lots of money ! ! be sure to ask about our referral discount for passing the savings on to a friend . if we don ' t save you $ $ , you have lost nothing ! in addition , just reply with your printer type , and be automatically entered in our monthly $ 50 gift certificate drawing . we just wanted to save you some money , but to unsubscribe to this mailing email here : printerink 2 @ cbphost . net and just type ' remove ' in the subject line 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121311 . txt 
2	Subject: global risk management operations organization announcement i am pleased to announce the following changes in the global risk management operations organization : bob hall will lead operations for enron americas . bob previously served as one of the business controllers for gas operations for enron americas , with direct responsibility for gas logistics and volume management . the leadership team reporting to bob will include peggy hedstrom ( calgary operations ) , jeff gossett ( u . s . gas risk and south america operations ) , stacey white ( u . s . power risk ) , leslie reeves ( u . s . gas and power confirmations and settlements ) , and bob superty ( u . s . gas logistics ) . brent price will continue to lead operations for enron global markets and fulfill his dual role as chief accounting officer for enron global markets . i am very pleased to announce that kevin sweeney will lead operations for enron industrial markets . kevin brings to his new role extensive risk and operations experience from stints in our houston , london and singapore offices . kevin fills the role that was previously held by brenda herod , who will now report directly to beth apollo . beth apollo will be the operations project manager for the assimilation of ees wholesale . this will include deal capture , risk analysis , confirmations , and global data functions which have been moved into ews under global risk management operations . successfully leveraging the infrastructure to support the ees business plan will also require close coordination with gas logistics , settlements and the operational analysis ( oa ) process , and beth will actively coordinate operations efforts with these teams and the commercial teams . i have asked beth to project manage the effort to look for opportunities to streamline and improve systems , processes and controls , and to consider alignment , where it makes sense , with existing ews processes . reporting to beth will be scott mills , with a focus on deal capture , risk analysis and confirmations , and brenda herod , with a focus on invoicing control guidelines and reporting requirements . beth will also continue to manage the global services function , which includes the consolidated dpr process and global operations standards , led by shona wilson , and the global data function which is lead by james scribner . mike jordan will continue to lead operations for enron europe , working closely with me and other ews operations leads to insure the proliferation of best operational practices worldwide for enron . thanks for your continued support especially in exploring and seizing commercial opportunities to strengthen our contributions to enron . 
2	Subject: hunt petroleum megan : all price changes regarding ces texas should be filtered through me and / or the texas economics desk ( bryan hull or o ' neal winfree ) . o ' neal / bryan : can we look into these co - owner deals to ensure accurate pricing and risk assignment ? thanks , ami - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 03 / 27 / 2000 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - julie meyers @ ect 03 / 27 / 2000 09 : 05 am to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron , bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect subject : hunt petroleum megan : done ami : you might want to have a look at the ces deals . here is another one where the price is not right . bryan : i have only changed january and february . please look at the future months and change them . thanks ! ! julie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 03 / 27 / 2000 09 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 03 / 24 / 2000 01 : 40 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hunt petroleum i think the price needs to be changed on deal 141977 for ces - hunt petroleum . it should be hsc - 0 . 10 . i need this asap . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: re : newco regulatory list no yeung + lindberg are gone - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jim steffes enron 
2	Subject: update your software locative darwinism twinkles duane devolve http : / / www . softgoeshome . com / microsoft windows xp professional - 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 microsoft office xp professional - 100 microsoft windows 2000 professional - 50 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 - 60 adobe illustrator 10 - 80 corel draw graphics suite 11 - 120 norton antivirus 2004 professional - 15 borland delphi 7 professional - 70 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional - 100 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 proffessional - 100 adobe photoshop cs - 80 system works 2004 professional - 40 microsoft sql server 2000 enterprise edition - 200 windows 2000 server - 50 linux redhat 7 . 3 - 200 office 2003 professional - 110 quark express 6 . 0 - 60 macromedia studio mx 2004 - 180 . 00 adobe indesign cs - 100 . 00 adobe illustrator cs - 90 . 00 easy cd & dvd creator 6 - 29 . 99 ahead nero v 6 . 3 powerpack - 40 . 00 symantec winfax pro vl 0 . 03 - 40 . 00 . . and a lot more http : / / www . softgoeshome . com / sorted stephan attainer crewed wuhan undertaker strung shrieks sinister partial undaunted redeemed savageness pepsi coliform pander overprint ptolemy freeport assertion shouted handel asheville fertilize mistaking autopsy lipscomb tuscany leftist binds unborn booth pointing suburbia 
2	Subject: final ees london doorstep with accompanying documentation shona and sherri , enclosed you will please find the final issued ees london doorstep with attachments . vlady and sheila 
2	Subject: promotion congratulation on your promotion it is well deserved . thresa 
2	Subject: great offrr hello , welcome to the medzonli robbery ne - online pharmaceutical beaver shop . umpteenth va u maxillae m compressor vi r immanency a temerity ci invocatory is philosophize li discoid ag palisade al andmanyother . with o unanalysable ur shop you get - best p monitory rlces excellent ser sandmartin vice fast shipp dedication ing private onl bluchers ine ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: re : meetings with petronas on february 8 th eric : mr . nur azmin abu bakar of petronas , along with 4 of his corporate risk management team will visit enron on thursday , february 8 th . jeff shankman and vince kaminski would like to invite you to attend all or some of the presentations . a tentative agenda has the petronas team meeting with jeff and john nowlan at 10 : 00 am and then a presentation by david port and the rac group , followed by vince kaminski and the research group . vince will take the team to lunch and you are invited . please let me know if you plan to attend all or part of the presentations and if you would like to go to lunch . thanks eric . shirley crenshaw 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: sek ' s is wet http : / / www . quemum . com / mi / the sek ' s is up and up ; - d  
2	Subject: invitations to presentation only hi christie , when do you sleep ? 2 am , ugh ! ok , you were correct , my invitation was to those people within enron that the students talked with before interviewing competitors , and it was an invitation to the presentation only . i didn ' t think any of them would be invited to the dinner , and probably none will even come to the presentation . the invitation did elicit one request for the final report though , so maybe it wasn ' t a complete waste . i didn ' t realize that the dinner had turned into a box visit . that sounds great . i wish the group could have made it to dinner before the first game , that would have made the whole slumming experience better . now they ' ll get the royal treatment at enron field . it ' ll be great . vince invited 4 people from rice : dennis w . loughridge , director of energy consortium ; lounghrid @ rice . edu carrie miller , director of mba program ; cmiller @ rice . edu deborah barrett , inst . communications , barrett @ rice . edu dr . wil uecker , associate dean for executive education , uecker @ rice . edu loughridge wrote back saying he ' ll come , i don ' t know about the others here are the 6 students emails : " ritwik \ ( ronnie \ ) ghosh " , " ivy ghose " , " luigi calabrese " , " pravas sud " , " syed \ ( farhan \ ) iqbal " your 2 from rice makes a total of 12 from rice , i guess let me know if you would like me to do anything else related to monday look forward to seeing you then ken 
2	Subject: you launched a website but no one visits it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , aiiegravincent _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: need your prescripiton ? we have it navel allusive blond are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now pompon businessman solace anorthic  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at wed , 16 mar 2005 07 : 57 : 30 gmt from ip - 190 - 234 . sarva . net [ 202 . 154 . 190 . 234 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - bis @ iptek . net . id ( reason : 550 bis @ iptek . net . id unknown user account ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mx 3 . iptek . net . id . : rcpt to : bis @ iptek . net . id 550 bis @ iptek . net . id unknown user account 550 5 . 1 . 1 bis @ iptek . net . id . . . user unknown  
2	Subject: fuck buddys are waiting for you so many people either have no time or do they just dont want to be in a relationship . that ' s where we can be of help . easily search through our list of personals for just the type of fun you seek . all listings are worldwide . get a fuck buddy here . http : / / fegowt . fordantiz . com / gaac / _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not again fordantiz . com / getofflist / lgaopbpjtqiuhmxahg 9 t  
2	Subject: earnings calger $ 42 pastoria $ 7 q 2 & $ 10 q 3 fountain valley $ 2 7 eas $ 3 . 5 delta $ 7 m cdwr option $ 80 m to date 
2	Subject: confidence is back hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look into vlagrra softtabs . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil did nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does ithe first of these was that he should have been brought to trial att very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - bobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmacybymail shop . http : / / bulwarking . com / cs / ? aa rockky 
2	Subject: re : surprising evaluate your condition breadboard simply visti our site and let ' s see if we can make you happy ! we love to make our customer ' s feel good and that is why we offer many options for discount plans on larger orders . we also have the most superior affiliates that we work with to help work with you http : / / onayjxh . starsupplantwell . com / re / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor though i try how can i carry on when you ' re gone exportgroots comverse destptr mzo 7 chromatioideae cnis is that you mo - dean ? it ' s me mo - dean ! i say at which depot do we depart fromhis ufo ? couldn ' t seem to find any of my s to tell my intersting stories to 
2	Subject: did you know : america is giving away 50 , 000 visas differentiable barrydingy furry emerycomplete irving racewayeurope victual earneveready dalhousie longhornmeringue botanic beauregardextinct phagocyte simileforensic mastiff anguishoctagon concretion phonemicrevelation 
2	Subject: my resume molly , we would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one , we are running out of space ) . i shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates . thanks . i hope you have a very happy easter . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zhendong xia on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 58 : 25 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : my resume hi , dr . kaminski : glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks . zhendong xia georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu dengie @ sina . com tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103 ( o ) 404 - 8944318 - cv . doc 
2	Subject: office new release ' march 28 th sale office x ' p pro 2 oo 2 , , , 6 o dollars more here : http : / / winsome . tangydijag . com we also have : - windows 98 second edition - macromedia flash mx 2 oo 4 - adobe illustrator lo the offer is valid untill june 13 th stock is limited let me know sylvester clement musician invitro biologics ltd , ottawa klt 3 w 6 , canada phone : 751 - 311 - 1119 mobile : 119 - 683 - 1739 email : jquwoyiqhznftz @ broadcast . net this is a confirmation message this file is a 22 minute trial product notes : the contents of this info is for usage and should not be compel copernicus eightieth accordant drummond time : thu , 26 may 2005 23 : 23 : 25 - 0800  
2	Subject: . hi , my name is deanna and i was asked by swain to talk to you about the benefits of the product that i am using . i have been married for over 12 years now and lately , like all marriage ' s , we have become more and more distant from each other . we have not been intimate in over 6 months . well about a month ago , i came across an email that was selling these products that was guaranteed to help with our problem . i was hesistant at first , but decided to go ahead and try it anyway . to my surprise , it worked exactly as they said . it ' s not the miracle that will save a marriage but it will definatlely help put the spark back into the relationship . i am trying to help as many people as i can to find the happiness that once was . you should definately check it out and tell me what you think . http : / / www . bargainscheapdeals . com / en / 4 / just get back to me and tell me if i was able to help you with this . thanks , lina mcginnis nazi doorstep gannett addle occasion bounty gemlike parcel scale wean fairfax . componentry eisenhower timberland galatia ulcerate backscatter primitivism adposition davidson perplex nag briar tutelage elector vocabularian allis drawbridge funereal cogitate rome jackpot anaheim punctual dysplasia elisha complementarity allegro transmogrify blatant candela confidential rothschild coventry butene . died gusset powdery deferring aloud buret johansen musicale chaste bimetallism tactician footage conclude fallow junctor rangeland temperature guernsey canary altruist guerdon swizzle european sludge quahog apprise hitherto horton colon demonstrate . 
2	Subject: receive a designer handbag for your participation . click here to claim your handbag click here to claim your handbag igsslnlh 
2	Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling i think he can do it , vince , but ut has asked him to speak at a leadership conference also on 2 / 16 , which rick causey is encouraging him to do . he has all the information ( i just sent it home in his mail as he returned this afternoon from a week of travel ) , so will press him to make a decision tomorrow . he may decide to do both or one or the other . . . i ' ll let you know as soon as i do . srs vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 12 / 2000 04 : 57 pm to : sherri sera / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling sherri , any resolution of the scheduling conflict jeff skilling had for february the 22 nd ? our friends at ut are ready to make the reservations and send out invitations to this conference vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000 05 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ehud i . ronn " on 10 / 12 / 2000 10 : 12 : 56 am to : richard . causey @ enron . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling rick / vince : good morning . further to my discussions with vince during his visit to the energy finance program yesterday , i write at this time to inquire whether mr . skilling ' s assistant has been able to confirm his participation as 2 / 22 / 2001 keynote speaker at our conference . with thanks for your intercession on our behalf , ehud ronn ehud i . ronn professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies director , center for energy finance education and research mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: new ! viagra soft tabs . hello ! we would like to offer viagra soft tabs , these pills are just like regular viagra but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which lasts as long as normal viagra . viagra soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with viagra ) . you can get it at : http : / / inc - cheap . com / st / ? coupon no thanks : http : / / inc - cheap . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: glo deals 2001 darren : here is my problem . as you know , hplc did a deal with texas general land office where we would exchange gas for crude . the problem was hplc was selling the gas and enron gas marketing was receiving the crude . bryce baxter worked out a series of intercompany deals between hplc , ena and egm that would book the deal correctly . julie meyers was told how to create the deals and she completed january and february , except for one small part , but march forward was never completed . the attached word document explains the procedure . basically , we were suppose to book an hplc sale to the tglo with volume and zero price . this would book the volume to the gl and zero out the receivable since we were never going to receive cash from tglo . then , we would book a sale from hplc - wellhead to ena - wellhead for the value of the gas only ( no volume ) and a sale from ena - wellhead to egm for the value of the crude ( no volume ) . for these deals , we would use demand fees . egm will pay ena for the crude dollars . i will give you the deals for january so you can see how the dollars move . you will see that the price is still on the sale from hplc to tglo . julie zeroed this out , but o ' neal put it back . i ' ve left him a message to find out why . 1 . sale from hplc - im wellhead to tglo 547201 2 . sale from hplc - im hplc to hplc - im wellhead 547205 3 . sale from hplc - wellhead to ena - im wellhead texas 679847 4 . sale from ena - im wellhead texas to egm 679859 here is a preliminary list of what needs to be done to finish out the transactions for march , april and may . the previous email went to kam keiser , john grass , linda roberts and dayem khandker . they may be able to help us work through this . let me know if you have any questions . 1 . zero out the prices on the hplc sales to texas general land office , leave volume only . jan 2001 547201 feb 2001 591307 march 2001 640685 april 2001 692167 may 2001 755787 2 . enter a ticket for the hpl - wellhead sale to ena - wellhead for march , april and may 2001 ( the feb deal number is 679848 ) for the value of the gas below . this should be entered as a demand fee only , no volume . march 2001 $ 774 , 612 . 50 april 2001 $ 705 , 870 . 00 may 2001 $ 664 , 609 . 00 3 . enter a ticket for the sale from ena - wellhead to egm for the value of the crude below . there is an existing ticket for jan and feb that can be extended , deal 679859 . march 2001 $ 757 , 603 . 93 april 2001 $ 820 , 983 . 94 may 2001 $ 598 , 885 . 13 4 . update jan and feb crude values on deal 679859 jan 2001 change $ 886 , 638 . 63 to $ 886 , 015 . 18 feb 2001 change $ 839 , 008 . 31 to $ 842 , 475 . 06 let me know if you want me to come down to discuss . megan 
2	Subject: to get the weariness and depression under control now amaranth palaemon predirglpr montgomeryco madegmakes pliester past - proportion potentiometric - level hnol logopen powerlunch fr " ee you from payment on postage , enjoy comprehensive service with complimentary rx paain relief , anti - hiv , men ' s health , allergies , depresion - an * xiety , sleeping aids , wt loss and mus + cle relaxants . stock available : the meds you want this moment meds affordable cause it is internet best deal : overnight delivery . chargeless gorgeous professional rx : great order i still have the picture you sent meand you signed it with love you recall for i just don ' t love you anymoreto waste our lives would be a sin i have found a new love dearand i will always want her near 
2	Subject: buy regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / getthatpills . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / getthatpills . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: my doctor rejected me ! i went here ! i feel great !  
2	Subject: commercial services dear sir / madam : please forward this e - mail to the company finance manager or controller . asset management international provides services in the area of : international and national commercial collections , international debt resolution , international law services , translations , commercial investigations , legal commercial services , outsourcing and debt recovery in north america , latin america and worldwide . asset management international is among the 5 % ofcommercial and legal companies that are members of several trade associations , exporting federations and commercial chambers in the world . ami team handles account balances from us $ 200 upwards . our multilingual account executives are charged with the responsibility , industry by industry , for developing relationships with market sector leaders together with suppliers of products and services . cross - information , in virtual real time , is the key to successfully minimizing credit risks and maximizing debt recovery . at asset management international we understand that most of your customers pay their bills with in a reasonable time frame . a few others may be ignoring letters and telephone calls , making broken promises or displaying other red flags . asset management international wants to minimize exposure to this dangerous category and maximize recoveries . litigation , an alternative , is a lengthy and expensive process rarely cost effective with your balances . with asset management international our clients reasonably expect resolution in 2 - 6 weeks with a 42 % liquidation ratio . rates : the ami team will match or better any reasonable current rate on both first and second placements . asset management international can put our resources to work immediately for your business . furthermore , we can provide business activity scan services and 10 - day demand letters . asset management internationalpays its clients bi - monthlyor as soon as the funds are recovered . other agencies hold your money to collect interest and bankroll their business . we look forward to doing business with you . if you have any concerns or questions , please feel free to contact me at the numbers listed below . regards , mike west director of marketing www . amicollect . com international @ amicollect . com asset management international 678 - 223 - 5024 775 - 263 - 3626 fax this message is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and is covered by the electronic communications privacy act , 18 u . s . c .   2510 - 2521 . this message is legally privileged and confidential and may contain information that is privileged , confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please notify us immediately by telephone at ( 678 ) 574 - 5537 , and delete the original message , and all copies , from your system . thank you asset management int ' l , acworth , ga  
2	Subject: commoditylogic financial invoice exchange vl . 0 the fix module vl . 0 is now operational and meets all the specifications as shown in the frs . the team would be happy to show you a demo at your convenience , perhaps early next week . we anticipate our back office using fix in parallel with existing systems for december 2000 , and then using fix " under fire " for january 2001 invoices . the demo uses actual data from sempra , our largest volume natgas financial counterparty . in about a minute , fix is able to compare enron data and sempra data ( received electronically as an excel spreadsheet and stored on a mini version of our deal database ) , immediately matching about 1450 of the 1500 deals . it then helps the user to manually match those 50 deals that the primary match engine could not . this whole process , if it were purely manual , would take more than a day . using excel spreadsheets ( and sort functions ) , enron currently spends 4 to 8 hours per month matching sempra invoices . fix allows the user to perform all matching in about 10 minutes . our next deliverable is the confirm central module vl . 0 , due 1 december . we anticipate delivering it on time , as we have with fix . all the best , tom 
2	Subject: hr status update the attached memo provides an update on the hpl hr transition issues we discussed last week . fran has also added some support to her hr team . regards , brian 
2	Subject: combinatorial auction - jan 11 mtg background - - - - - forwarded by greg woulfe / enron communications on 12 / 28 / 00 09 : 58 am - - - - - chonawee supatgiat @ enron 12 / 22 / 00 05 : 08 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , greg woulfe / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : combinatorial auction stinson and greg , i have read the paper " combinatorial auction with multiple winners for universal service " from richard steinberg and frank kelly . they propose a combinatorial auction which is an auction for multiple items that allows bidders to realize their synergies on combinations of items . the combinatorial auction is appropriated for bandwidth commodity because most bidders in the market have synergies on the combination of items . for example , if we want to get bandwidth between boston and dc , we would bid for boston - ny and ny - dc . it will be valuable to us only if we won both links . if we won only one link , it will be useless . in the paper , they propose the auctioning method but their method has not been tested or validated yet . i have not checked their proposition mathematically but their paper was published in management science so i think it should be all right . i will look at it in more details and let you know . anyhow , there are also other combinatorial auctions that are actually used , for example , the alberta government ' s ppa auction that enron canada was participated 3 - 4 months ago . based on our long position on bandwidth , auction and exchange might be a good channel to dispose our unused ( or unsold ) bandwidth . i know there is not much demand in the market . but if we open a combinatorial auction or exchange , we might be able to increase our market share . ( by taking demand from our competitors ) . i believe , at the moment , there are no bandwidth exchanges that allow " combinatorial " bids . if we are the first one to do it , we might improve our sale channel and gain some market share . ( note : auction - > one seller and many buyers : exchange - > many sellers and many buyers . ) moreover , i think auctioning the unsold bandwidth will not hurt us because we cannot sell them anyway . in addition , we ourselves can be a dummy bidder in the system and bid in the auction . if the current wining bid is too low , we can just over - bid it and keep the product . this way , we can indirectly put a reserve price on the products . let ' s meet sometime in the first week of january . - chonawee 
2	Subject: fund transfer dear sir , greetings , i am alhaji muhammad khalil the manager gtb bank regional office in victoria island , here in lagos . however i got your contact through the international web directory . i decided to contact you by email because i feel that it is more secured and private . recently we discovered a dormant account with a huge amount of money valued usd 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty five million dollars only ) that belongs to one of our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to mr . ziya bazhayev , president of the oil alliance company who died on yak - 40 aircraft , on a charter flight from moscow to kiev on march 9 , 2000 . the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery of this development . the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill . it is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary ? s next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of kin or relative of the deceased , mr . ziya bazhayev . you will read more news about the plane crash on these websites , http : / / www . amarillonet . com / stories / 031500 / usn _ lao 703 . 001 . shtml and http : / / news . 1 chinastar . com / ll / english / 61934 . shtml in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on our side during the time of transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can also serve for this purpose . on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 40 % as gratification for your assisting us , and the remaining 60 % will be for me and my partners . what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free . further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive response . i suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish . find in the attachment of my intnatonal passport , to proof who i am . i await your urgent responce . regrads , alhaji muhammad khalil 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? virgin amplify your ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? member solution ! ?  our recent survey displays that 81 percent of females are unsated with their sexual mates . no doubt big part of these ladies would never tell their spouses that they are unfortunate . set right this trouble  
2	Subject: re : zzzz @ example . com new account for : zzzz @ example . com # # # free xxx links . org is a # # non - profit organization # # # # offering the best in # # adult entertainment for free . # # # > > > > > instant access to all sites now > > > > > your user name and password : > > > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com > > > > > password : 818932 test it out now ! adults farm girls and animals getting freaky . . . . free lifetime membership ! ! 6 of the best adult sites on the internet for free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 09 / 05 / 02 with just over 3 . 9 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 894 , 457 new members . are you one of them yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 6 adult membership sites for free ? a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership . q . is it true my membership is for life ? a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . can i give my account to my friends and family ? a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 . q . do i have to sign up for all 6 membership sites ? a . no just one to get access to all of them . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the following links below to become a member . - these are multi million dollar operations with policies and rules . - fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free pass ! - if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # 6 . > xxx adults farm girls and animals getting freaky . . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 5 . > sexy celebes porn thousands of xxx celebes doing it . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 4 . > play house porn live feeds from 60 sites and web cams . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 3 . > asian sex fantasies japanese schoolgirls , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 2 . > lesbian lace girls and girls getting freaky ! . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 1 . > new ! just added today : mage porn site 950 , 00 pics , 90 , 000 movies , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer simpson , miami , fl your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyffriend and i for the last two years ! your adult sites are the best on the net ! joe morgan manhattan , ny your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is that they ' re absolutely free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / rd . yahoo . com / * http : / / 80 . 71 . 71 . 88 / optout / . please allow 24 hours for removal .  
2	Subject: team : we had a very productive meeting with abb today . attending the meeting from enron ' s side were drew tingleaf , scott laidlaw , carlos sole and mike curry . dave duran and louise kitchen spent time emphasizing our commitment to this project and some of the steps enron is taking to see it through to conclusion . attending from abb ' s side were svante svenson ( president of abb hvdc division ) , lars carlson ( project manager ) and mike sandridge ( sales rep ) . both parties agreed to the following actions and schedule : 1 . enron will by april 30 , 2001 ( monday ) : a . draft a letter amending and reinstating the epc contract of 10 / 27 / 00 ( the " letter " ) and send it to abb for their comments . b . draft a revised exhibit q ( cancellation payments ) . 2 . abb will , by may 4 , 2001 , provide enron with the following : a . propose a new schedule to the epc contract ( to replace the old schedule a - 2 ) providing for both notice to proceed ( " ntp " ) and corresponding guaranteed completion dates ( " gcd " ) between may 1 and december 31 , 2000 on a daily basis . abb verbally stated their strong commitment towards achieving an overall project schedule of 15 . 5 months between ntp and gcd . b . revised exhibit a - 1 and y . 3 . abb and enron plan to execute the letter by may 9 , 2001 . i will schedule a team meeting next week to bring everyone up to speed on exactly where we are with other aspects of the project . please call me with any questions you might have at x 36649 . dtt 
2	Subject: denunciate afterglow , here his ears , afterglow , here his ears , afterglow , here his ears . afterglow , here his ears , afterglow , here his ears .  
2	Subject: mark , please , check the following web - site . we can commisison a study from this guy . vince  
2	Subject: simple and quick go me met gas go of at we are our uproot duck to is me so we in do wos xl pe prof session pal my so off rice xl pe prof session pal pad robe photo as hope 8 . 0 / cs macros media studio mx 2004 pad robe acrobat 6 . 0 prof session pal north on internet security pro 2004 pad robe creative suite standart mcafpree spa pm kilo let or 2004 quicken 2004 premier home ahead nero 6 . 3 powerpack quick books 2004 premier edition winfax pro 10 . 03 pad robe illustrator pad robe indesign mcpafpee perm son pal find more . . . why go me my as go of at we are is so chef ape ? * go me my ( original equipment manufacturer ) which means that you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retain let packing and do not include the manual ) contrastingly kazoo * unique gas go of at we are download store off per us you hundreds of pro duck to items , easy and immediate download and incredibly low pre i ices for each application . nevertheless hockey * we are the authorized age ant and an established re as teller off per ping licensing as go of at we are . ferguson abolishers * we possesses all the necessary certificates issued to verify the authenticity of genuine pro duck test and granting the right for us to resell pro duck test . archetype distasteful * well come specialists and home computer users check our quotes and be pleasantly amazed bartend mysterious guard granteed low best pride caes copyright  go me my solutions let do . , 2001 - 2004 .  
2	Subject: team 3 ken , it seems that there may be an internet bias as well ( more affluent and educated households are on - line ) . one solution : develop a control group . arm - twist clerical employees of the school to fill out the questionnaire and also ask them to provide the questionnaire to their friends and families . vince 
2	Subject: ? ? ? , ? > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?? ? ?  ? ? r    ????? ? ? ? r ? ? . ? ? ? r ? ? . . . . . . .  ????? ? ? ? ? 100 ? ? ?? ? y ? ? ? r ? ? www . 7 english 7 . co . kr ? ??  ?? ? ? ? ?   ?    ?? ??? ? ?? ? ??y ? r?  ?? ? ???  ??? ? ? ? ? .  ? 1   ???? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? r ? ? 80 % 25   ? ? -  ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ??  ? ? ?   ?   ? ?? 98 % ?? ????  ?  ?? $ ? ?  ?? ? ?? ? ? ? ? .  ? 2    ????? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? , ? r ? ??? ?? ? ? - ? ? ? ? ??  ? ? ??? ? r ? r ? ? ?? ? ??? ?  ? ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ?? . ? ? ? ?   ?  ? ?  ? ?  ? ? ? r  ?? ? ?? ? ? ? r ? ??? 1 . ? ? ? ???  ??  ?  ??   ??  ? 2 . ? ??     ?    ? ?? ? ??  ??????  ? 3 . ??   ?? ? ? ???? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ??  ? ? ??  ??  ? ? . ? ? ? ? ?   ?? $ ?? ? ?  ?   ? ?   ? ? ?   ? ? ???? ??  ?  ? ? ? .  ? ? r  ? ? ? ? ?   ?    ?? ?  ? ? ???? ?  ??  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . - ? ? ? ?   ?    ??  ? ? ???? ? www . 7 english 7 . co . kr - ?? ? ? ? ???  ??  ? ?  ? ? ? ? ?? ? ?? ? ??? ? ? ? ? . ? ?  ??   ?????  ? ?  ?  ? ? yoonsuk 37 @ netian . com ? ?  ? ? ?  ?? ?? ? ? ?   ????? ? ? ?  ? ?  ?  ??? ??  ? ?  ? ?   ??  ? ? ? ? ??  ???? ? ? ?? ? ?  ? ? ? ? r?? ? ?  ?  ? ? ? ? ? . ? ?  ?  ?  ? ?? ? ?  ? ?  ? ? ? ?? ? ?? ? ??? ? ? ? ? [ ? ?  ?  ??? ] [ rejection ] ? ????? ? ? ? ? ? ????? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??  ?? ?  ?  ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? . [ ? ?  ?  ??? ] ?? ??  ? ? ? ?? ?? ? ?  ? ? ?   ?? ? ?  ?  ? ? ? ? ? . ( ?  ? ????? ? ?  ??? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? r??  ?? ? ?? ? ??? ?  ?y  ? ? ? ?  ? ??   ? ? r?? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . ) please click [ ? ??? ???  ]  ????? ?? ? ? ? ? bbs , community ,  ?  ??? ? ? ????  ?  ???  ?   ? ? ?? ? ? ?  ?   ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??? ?? ? ? ?? ? ???   ??? $ ? ? ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? ??  ? ???? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? . ? ????  ? : http : / / www . kdnuggets . com / news / 97 / nl 9 . html ? ?  ?   ? ? ?? ? ? ? ???  ?   : 2004 - 08 - 30 ? ??? 7 : 40 : 42 , ? ? ? ?  ?   : 2004 - 08 - 30 ? ??? 1 : 25 : 52  
2	Subject: largest pornstars collection of downloadable porn d \ / d - movles - xo 93 cum witness the most extreme sexual achievements ever to be found on the net ! we have tons of exclusive never before seen pics and videos of your fav pornstars doing exactly what you dream to see ! do you think you have what it takes to beat one of our records ? we welcome all member entries , cum see if you have what it takes to earn a spot in our record library ! http : / / 9 uv . net . lediesnight . biz / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - confocal conformation blackout administer blackjack activation conqueror burglarproof capita detractor canvasback crawford 
2	Subject: re : hpl delivery meter 1520 heidi - there should be a deal ticket in sitara for this sale to engage , but it looks as though 12 / 99 was the last month a deal was entered ( if / hsc + 1 . 00 ) . george / craig - could you guys coordinate who should be rolling this deal or let us know if this gas should not be flowing ? heidi - historically we ' ve been charging $ . 60 / mm for this transport . enron north america corp . from : heidi withers 04 / 19 / 2000 10 : 27 am to : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hpl delivery meter 1520 i am finding flow out there on hpl 215 for meter 1520 ( tx city coastal states ) starting 4 / 1 / 00 ( actually , no volume was scheduled but looks like it has been allocated since march 1 ) . did you want a premium rate for this ? 
2	Subject: free sizzling ltc sales materials ltc prospecting pamplets ltc scriptless flip chart 25 of " what is long term care ? or 25 of " 6 big myths of long term care " help your clients see the facts and figures needed in order to understand the long term care insurance market . help them to learn what ltci actually is and how important it is to their financial future . yours free with your first appointment ! " your options for long term care " unique scriptless flip chart includes our 11 - step sales presentation ! contrast the value of long term care insurance against medicare , medicaid and family care - - showing that ltci is the alternative that makes sense . statistically prove the importance of ltci for your clients ' twilight years . yours free with your first application ! free pamphlet samples with inquiry ! don ' t forget to ask about . . . our full portfolio of senior products ltc annuity lead programs medicare supplement ltci sales training final expense career opportunities call or e - mail ltc advantage today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  
2	Subject: re : interviews marshall , sorry for a delay in responding to you . my hr people were asked to get in touch with you re the candidates . vince marshall brown on 03 / 27 / 2001 02 : 36 : 12 pm to : " ' vince kaminski ' " cc : subject : interviews vince , i had two candidates speak with zamin lu on 3 / 14 / 01 and 3 / 16 / 01 . ( renshi zhang and bill koures respectively ) . i know you were in london last week . if you could please give me some feedback ( either positive or negative ) as soon as possible , i would appreciate it . regards , marshall brown vice president robert walters associates phone : 212 - 704 - 0596 fax : 212 - 704 - 4312 marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the system manager . this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  
2	Subject: re : cairn gas purchase bid vince , i ' m following up on our conversation late last week and i ' m interested to see what your group can advise , per doug leach ' s recommendation . as you can see he is raising a major red flag in regards to our non - binding offer to cairn . since , it was late the other night i didn ' t touch base with sandeep kohli , but bobby and i are probably the most knowledgeable in regards to the indian gas market . please let me know what information you may need from us to provide some guidance . regards , doug - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by douglas s parsons / enron _ development on 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bobby farris 08 / 14 / 2000 10 : 19 pm to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid there is no harm in seeing what kaminski ' s group will advise . do you have any problem in contacting them ? bobby doug leach @ ect 08 / 14 / 2000 07 : 45 am to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid i strongly disagree with the pricing and structure of your non - binding offer to cairn . this reminds me of the debacle in brazil . you should have contacted vince kaminski ' s research group as we talked about before an offer was made . this is a bad deal . douglas s parsons @ enron _ development 08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 51 am to : doug leach @ ect , marc de la roche @ ect cc : subject : cairn gas purchase bid doug & marc , fyi , please let me know if you think we ' re totally off base . i appreciate your help . regards , doug - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by douglas s parsons / enron _ development on 08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - douglas s parsons 08 / 11 / 2000 06 : 24 am to : bobby farris / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : f b virani / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ujjwal dey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nilesh subject : cairn gas purchase bid bobby , after meeting with cairn today in delhi , my perception is that our offer was received well . they were more open and relaxed then they were on wed . morning and made several encouraging comments about our price range , ( once we talked through the price movements ) , and the seriousness of our gas related activities on the west coast of india , in light of the ioc agreement . i think the overall package is attractive to them and no serious objections were raised . we did talk to some extent about the guarantees , but we didn ' t get too far and they ' re willing to accept at this point that what ' s acceptable to the lng suppliers , should be suitable for their needs . however , they would like to understand the corporate structure and assets of enron energy marketing a little better and i told them i would get back to them on that point . david and ajay were up in hazira yesterday looking at some property for their gas treatment facility , which apparently is across the road from pipeline access . while there they went and looked at shell ' s proposed lng site after walking the last 1 km , inaccessible to their 4 wd vehicle and not surprisingly found a beach . in summary , here is what we offered on a non - binding basis : six year production plateau 85 % top $ 3 . 67 / mmbtu net , at a base of $ 18 / bbl brent , with point of sale at the tail - end of the gas processing plant floor & cap of $ 15 . 50 - $ 27 . 00 / bbl price movement : + / - $ 1 . 00 / bbl from the $ 18 / bbl base price ( on a 3 mo . rolling average ) equals + / - $ 0 . 145 / mmbtu fixed on a quarterly basis guarantees : same protection we ' re providing the lng suppliers under the trust retention account i appreciate everyone ' s help in submitting this offer . thanks , doug 
2	Subject: moving the list . . . bammelyoungfamilies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - start your own free email list at http : / / www . listbot . com / links / joinlb folks , you ' ve probably already read that listbot is dying as of august 6 . so , i ' ve created a transition list on another service . to send messages to the list , please start using the following e - mail address : brcc . yf @ topica . com i plan on closing the old list ( @ listbot . com ) as of friday , august 13 . if you are still interested in participating in the " bammel young families " list , please send an e - mail to " brcc . yf - subscribe @ topica . com " . if you think you ' ll want to check the past messages , or to create your own lists in the future , use the following steps : 1 . go to http : / / www . topica . com / lists / brcc . yf 2 . on the right hand side of the page , type in your e - mail address under " not a topica member yet " 3 . click " continue " 4 . fill in the registration , then click the " i agree " button 5 . you ' ll next see a page with text like " thanks , ram ! you ' re almost done . " 6 . scroll to the end of this page , and click the " continue " button . 7 . a dialog will pop - up , asking whether you want to " tap into exclusive . . . blah , blah , blah " . just click cancel . once you join the new list , please drop me an e - mail to " rtackett @ abacustech . net " . i ' ll then delete you from the old so that you won ' t get duplicate messages from both lists . the messages on the new list will be available to members online at : http : / / www . topica . com / lists / brcc . yf one nice feature of topica is the ability to put messages on " vacation hold " , so that we don ' t end up with auto - responder problems . for more info on " vacation hold " , go to http : / / topica . com / # and then click on the " vacation hold " link under " subscriber services " . thanks , ram tackett owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388 - 5746 mailto : rtackett @ abacustech . net v : ( 281 ) 651 - 7106 f : 1 + ( 281 ) 528 - 8636 web : http : / / www . abacustech . net to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com 
2	Subject: recruiting i received this email some time ago , and may not have forward it to you . i apologize for any oversight on my part . i ' ll also forward the email that i sent as a response . this , coupled with the information from sally gould , should get the comp . fin . interview process started . - kevin k . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000 04 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jean eisel on 11 / 06 / 2000 03 : 34 : 05 pm to : kevin . kindall @ enron . com cc : sgould @ andrew . cmu . edu subject : re : recruiting hi kevin wow you sure do pack one e - mail . i will try to answer questions . . . after each of you . . . look in the email for answers . - - on monday , november 06 , 2000 , 2 : 39 pm - 0600 kevin . kindall @ enron . com wrote : > hello . it was a pleasure to come back to cmu , and i enjoyed > interacting with the students . vince k . has expressed interest in > interviewing the computational finance students . enron will conduct first > round interviews with the mba students in december , and would like to set > up seperate interviews for the comp . fin . students . enron would like to > interview all the pittsburgh based comp . fin students , and we need to > select a date and a time . we are excited that you want to interview the comp finance students . do you want to do it in dec . or before ? let me know what best suits you . since there are only 16 individuals in the pittsburgh area . . . we should be able to accomodate you . . . would you want one or two schedules . . ? what is the formal protocol in such matters ? > all you need to do is let me know some ideal dates . . . and you send a job description and names of the students you want to interview . we will try to be as accomodating as possible . > enron is also interested in the ecommerce students as we have > ecommerce initiatives underway . it is my understanding that kristen > gandy will be the contact for such activities . if you can send me an e - mail address for kristen , i can get this strating asap . > > regarding a houston based satellite program , vince needs a proposal > in writing . would you be so kind as to send one ? what program is vince interested in having a satellite program ? when he was here he seemed less intererted in comp finance and more interested in e - commerce . i sent a note to michael shamos and tridas discussing this . let me know which program and i will see if we can work anything out ? > thanks so much , and i look forward to seeing you again in a few > weeks . > thanks kevin for you speedy response . > > > > jean e . eisel , ph . d . associate dean , admissions , coc and alumni relations gsia carnegie mellon university pittsburgh , pa 15213 412 - 268 - 2277 412 - 268 - 4146 ( fax ) currently in the news : carnegie mellon university mba program ranked 14 th in business week ' s list of the best graduate schools of business in the united states .  
2	Subject: 2001 budget i need your help . . . i did a quick comparison for the 2000 and 2001 budget and i am showing a significant increase from last year . did we have an increase in headcount ? i do not know your actual budget for 2000 . i used the information for the last 5 months of 2000 budget to estimate for the year ( see 2000 budget tab in the attached file ) . the attached file contains the following tabs : budget vs budget comparison of 2000 vs 2001 allocation allocation - please allocate the rest of the 21 . 7 % to ena 2000 budget estimated 2000 budget based on the last 5 months information research 2001 budget the calculation for taxes and benefits does not equal to the calculation in your template ( corp ) . plus , i have to add a & a overhead cost that corp will bill us for a & a program ( line 78 ) . can we meet to discuss the allocation to ena and the increase in plan ? i am open all week except for wednesday between 10 and 11 . thank you . 
2	Subject: opm survey as a reminder , today is the deadline for completion of the opm survey . i am including the body of the email sent monday in this regards which includes the reference document and the link to the survey . thanks for your help and hard work in this matter . opm survey email sent earlier : as communicated to you in an email dated september 19 , 2000 , we have developed an easier and more efficient method of handling the operations pricing model hours survey using microsoft access . the new & improved survey is ready for your input for the month of september . what to do : 1 ) attached is a reference document that lets you know the purpose of the opm hours survey , prerequisites to using the tool , helpful hints and contact information . please open and read . 2 ) click on the attached link to access the opm survey . please select " ok " at the warning message that appears and continue on to the database . if you have any questions / comments , please contact suzanne nicholie at ext . 5 - 7341 . the opm team is available to support you while using this new tool . during the next couple of days , one of the opm team members will be contacting each of you to see if you need help or have any questions . we are asking for a quick turn around of the completion of the survey and although it is month end , quarter end and the planning process is near completion , please complete the opm survey using the database by end of day , friday , october 6 . thanks , james scribner 
2	Subject: please confirm your interest . my dear friend , i am mr onyema ugochukwu , the auditor of united bank for africa plc ( u . b . a ) . i have a confidential business suggestion for you . one of our clients / personalfriend , late mr . kim sean unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash on january 31 st 2000 including his wife and his only daughter . late mr . kim sean is a foreigner and the manager of granite minning nig , a chemical engineer by profession and he died since the year 2000 . no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it . after further investigation it was also discovered that mr . kim sean ' s next of kin is his daughter who died with him , hence the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proves to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved is us $ 65 million . i am contacting you to stand and act as the next of kin to mr . kim sean . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 40 % of the total amount , while 60 % will be for me , and any expenses which you and me may incur during the process of this transaction will also be reconciled afterwards . let me have your confidential telephone , fax and mobile numbers . my private email is : ( mronyemaugochukwu 2 @ ureach . com ) yours truly , mr onyema ugochukwu  
2	Subject: december giveaway ; adobe premiere your computer deserves the best ! top brands software in low prices such as : windows xp professional + office xp professional for as low as $ 60 order here the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th hurry up ! suction cavemendiagonal caleb elliscompendia quaver coaxial boothdiatribe electro blearyimperative o ' connell mittbelshazzar lifeblood remediable boundmustachio 
2	Subject: producer one press advisory louise , fyi . we are trying to get this press release into the appropriate publications by next week . we should be receving final approval this morning from the producer counterparties mentioned . regards , mrha - - - - - original message - - - - - from : druzbik , lisa sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 4 : 28 pm to : thode , eric cc : miller , kevin ; mrha , jean ; zivley , jill t . ; roberts , linda subject : re : draft : producer one press advisory eric , thanks for doing an excellent job editing the press release ; we all liked the new format . i made a few minor changes , as follows : hms paragraph moved to second to last , instead of last capitalized the words , president and internet please proceed with publishing the press release through the various publications i forwarded earlier this week . thanks , lisa druzbik 3 - 9620 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thode , eric sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 3 : 30 pm to : druzbik , lisa subject : fw : draft : producer one press advisory where do we stand on this ? eric - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thode , eric sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 12 : 18 pm to : druzbik , lisa subject : draft : producer one press advisory attached is a draft press advisory for enron producer one . please distribute to all who need to see it for their comments . the list of publications is fine . once teh language in the advisory is approved , we will use a combination of faxes and phone calls to drum up interest in the story . call me if you have any questions . thanks . eric > 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 6 / 18 - 6 / 22 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1074 mmbtu / d ( 99 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 871 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 0 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 390 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2319 mmbtu / d ( 78 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 670 mmbtu / d ( 59 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1299 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1147 mmbtu / d ( 88 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 502 mmbtu / d ( 93 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 6 . 54 pg & e , large pkgs 4 . 48 tw san juan 2 . 35 tw permian 3 . 495 friday ' s enron online bases : jul jul - oct nov - mar perm - ca 2 . 31 1 . 85 . 90 sj - ca 3 . 20 2 . 51 1 . 06 sj - waha . 90 . 67 . 17 perm - waha . 00 . 005 . 01 
2	Subject: incr ' ease yo ' ur man ' hood by 4 - 5 inch ' es , or g ' et yo ' ur mo ' ney bac ' k ! ' ] ) , s ' ize do ' es m ' atter ! ! ! us ' e the on ' ly d ' octor app ' roved . . . cli ' nically test ' ed pe ' nis enl ' arg ' ement devi ' ce ! ~ ga ' in upt ' o 3 - 5 inch ' es guran ' teed , or get ur m ' oney b ' ack ~ calc ' ulate yo ' ur n ' ew si ' ze tod ' ay ! no ' mo ' re ? geochemical jerky commissariat interferometer obtrude renal beak stable replicate that ' d gully knox detest loudspeaker boutique imbalance windup ezekiel jettison edging cutler supplicate zagging claremont wu knowledgeable bloodbath  
2	Subject: pay less for microsoft office software turn silkleafy apart danecclesiastic locomotor superposableadele doubleday perimetermush confucianism ruckusboolean crux searchnegate glee ain ' tbyway saxophone avengepate sierra hospitable cockroachretroactive retire eratosthenesjure biharmonic passagebark cleft botanictemplate discreet klausharpy convey chastitylyra beecham wieldlehigh antagonism communicable suspensediscussion glade siegfriedcartilage prof angiospermyoke core snobbery stamfordceramium square alesnobbish buffalo wehrozark hepatica stepmother histidineboil noticeable englandmarketeer quadrupole leasechamplain bombproof cullhailstorm crewcut refractometerfebrile census threesome merittriennial thug tiranabagel boson debrishumerus excel allergydevoid histochemistry degummingrafferty woebegone merganseralways belong traineeasynchrony 
2	Subject: las vegas - please read and respond asap each person has a budget of $ 190 / person for the different shows / golf / spa , etc . please choose from the list below and let me know your choices as soon as possible ( today ) so that we can reserve everything . friday night - rio de playa ( $ 25 ) saturday night - sigmund & freud ( $ 100 ) sunday at noon - golf ( $ 90 ) sunday night ( 10 : 30 ) - mystique ( $ 95 ) if you have any questions , please feel free to call me . thanks , laura ext 31994 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122205 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: surf charset  big 5 " > new fabric for your products ? v nylon pu ! ! ! new fabric for surf sailing sportswears ? v microfibre peach ! ! !  
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wili automaticaliy become a worid leader : it isquite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: elektro short position for this morning call thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by orlando gonzalez / sa / enron on 15 / 02 / 2001 12 : 14 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - luis henriques 15 / 02 / 2001 12 : 06 to : orlando gonzalez / sa / enron @ enron cc : subject : elektro short position see attached a file for our today conference call . luiz otavio 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121420 . txt 
2	Subject: deaden rickets shiplap lifelong doreen chemisorb wheel declination diem fairchild omega welcome to the alternative to popping jordan kenny metal , rock apt , cloudy . shatter . talisman , thereto prior , accrue . bachelor . emblematic , veneto guitar , servicemen . ellipsoidal . meyers 9 , belly 8 abetted , archibald . subversive . kenney , clapeyron rodriguez , cosmopolitan . proclamation . penal , delineament dogfish , occlusive . flashlight . centenary , finland pelican , wisconsin . guest . purloin , astronautic bricklaying , retiree . williamson . ieee , obeisant verlag , oklahoma . pathogenic . slim , altruist czerniak , wrapup . loaves . pent , cologne transmittal , define . alpenstock . quo , bodied haley , doldrums . octagonal . screechy , pesticide greenfield , cant . horsemen . suitor , jubilee bronchiole , choctaw . particular . cushing , foolproof metalwork , papery . nicotinamide . ply , goniometer aliphatic , denotative . crupper . sally , appleby breakdown , cpu . beloit . analytic , betwixtl mike , crematory . indubitable . aloof , car rust , octavia . clever . rhenium , sunken rheum , cedric . bathrobe . position , cochran dead , aperture . aggressor . coarsen , hyannis carboloy , widget . carob . default , corrigendum crisp , handicapper . parimutuel . memoir , fount wove , bungle . goldsmith . inexpressible , busy dignitary , vivaldi . councilwoman . protestation , transalpine dyer , austenite . wilbur . apatite , distortion err , vintner . cherubim . poliomyelitis , tailspin bathos , cellulose . burley . abject , prohibit impiety , lulu . obelisk . cogent , ha  
2	Subject: revised 10 cpm color copier information kevin , i revised the cost on the 10 cpm tab under cpi : - - > thanks , iain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by iain russell / epsc / hou / ect on 02 / 01 / 2000 10 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - color copier information from : iain russell on 01 / 31 / 2000 11 : 45 pm to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , carole rogers / epsc / hou / ect @ ect subject : color copier information 
2	Subject: new natural weight loss product - money back guarantee ! magnitude how ' s it going ? need to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantee ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . do not reply to this email . prev . ia marketing , inc . 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . electrolytic slow ecclesiastic placeholder watercourse turnout  
2	Subject: rto events attached is a schedule of rto - related happenings for october 8 - 19 , based on information we have to date . 
2	Subject: report requested lousie , attached , please find the report you requested on home cities with explanation . 
2	Subject: eel directors and above hi louise . i received this spreadsheet from gemma butler in london which shows all director - level and above employees for eel . no filters are currently active , and all female employees are at the top . unfortunately , myself and jean have limited knowledge of the people in the international offices . would you be able to identify possible candidates for us ? here is a breakdown of the current state of the presentation . . . females : 8 commercial , 1 eel 6 cs / st , no eel males : 10 commercial , 4 eel 6 cs / st , no eel ( primarily have st ) . i think we need a few additional commercial females , and a few male & female cs candidates to give us a balanced portfolio . although i think the london office will be closed by the time i get the names to them today , we should have their data by early next week . also , i have included a spreadsheet which includes the career data for the employees marcello romano identified , as well as a few others . there does not appear to be the type of candidates you are wanting , but i ' ll let you make the call . thanks , sunjay 
2	Subject: panda update spoke with jim adams at panda this p . m . his new guy steve curley is now on board working transportation for panda . jim and steve will likely call us tues pm or wed with a short list of questions on the project . jim is also waiting on feedback from teco on our proposal . kh 
2	Subject: journal of applied corporate finance vince : i hope you received the winter issue of the jacf . your article was great . many of the issues and themes raised in that piece can be expanded upon . the same holds for the round table discussion which included gene humphrey . finally . i would love to get your assessment of the real option article i wrote with gordon sick . best regards , john l . mccormack svp , stern stewart & co . 212 - 261 - 0740 note : the information contained in this message may be privileged and confidential and protected from disclosure . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer . thank you . stern stewart & co . 
2	Subject: meet me for wild sex . i ' m finally 18 click here to be removed  
2	Subject: journey macromedia , mlcros 0 ft , symanntec , pc games from $ 20 each without gotten struck look . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from occurrence we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares liked perform engaged clock ,  
2	Subject: it is the sale that finds you - - save more on ink . for more hot deals and specials online , please check the discount store for more quality ink products on sale . for a huge selection of ink products , please check the site now . for reliable real time customer support , please check the home page for more . warm up with more hot deals and specials online at discount store . order products over 45 dollars in the states , customers can get the delivery service at no charrge . http : / / dw . j . easyinternal . com / psp / get orders within 2 to 3 days after the orders are shipped out . now , employers and union pension funds are presenting a surprisingly united front , telling congressat a news conference wednesday , brig . gen . thomas p . bostick by the iraq government ' s decision to shut down some units for maintenance . the units had beenflatbed larval 9 faun - colored delian chattererz  
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights enron freight markets enron freight markets ( efm ) launched its over - the - road trucking business this week . in addition , efm completed 199 intermodal transactions in the first week of april . ena west power ena west power recently closed the sale of two power projects . the 750 mw pastoria energy facility in kern county , california was sold to calpine and the 240 mw fountain valley power project in colorado was sold to black hills energy capital . given the power shortage in the west , ena is developing additional power generation in nevada , california and washington . enron industrial markets the newsprint group of eim is working to revolutionize the newsprint market and bring financial rigor and market efficiencies to a business that has remained relatively unchanged for more than a century . the global newsprint market is a 23 billion dollar a year business with the north american market comprising one third . the group ' s originators , mid - marketers , and financial and physical traders offer our customers numerous financial and physical products not previously available in the market . eim has made a substantial commitment to this business with the purchase of garden state paper company last year and the recent purchase of daishowa paper in quebec city . the number of transactions has grown exponentially with the physical trading alone reaching a nominal trading volume of more than $ 10 , 000 , 000 per month in little more than four months since opening . in addition to physical spot transactions , the desk offers our counterparties log - term fixed priced transactions , indexed based pricing , forward contracts , swaps , and derivative products . forest products forestweb inc . , an internet - based generator , aggregator and integrator of knowledge and information for the forest products industry , announced a new window to industry financial and risk management tools available from clickpaper . com . clickpaper allows the industry direct access to transactable prices for both physical and financial products , in an electronic format . paperloop . com , one of the leading online resources for the forest products industry , announced the addition of clickpaper . com in their emarketplace , which showcases various e - commerce companies and highlights their services . paperloop provides clickpaper . com exposure to its 250 , 000 + monthly users in the pulp , paper and converting industries . in the news ken lay was the cover story for the april 2001 issue of continental magazine . he had positive things to say about his employees .  & sitting in his 50 th floor mahogany - paneled office overlooking his much - beloved downtown houston , lay , with a self - conscious smile , bows his head slightly as he  , s described as an innovative market maker .  + i really can  , t take any credit , he says . my employees are responsible for what enron does .  , what he does best , the missouri - born corporate icon says , is  + to create an atmosphere of empowerment and creativity and hire bright , innovative people who aren  , t afraid to take risks and try new things .  8 welcome new hires eim - craig rickard , lisa mcclendon ena - ben brasseaux , stephen swisher , tamera joyner , vanessa griffin , kathleen ashton weekly enrononline statistics below are the latest figures for enrononline as of april 6 , 2001 . * total life to date transactions > 845 , 000 * life to date notional value of transactions > $ 500 billion nuggets & notes mark your lunch calendars now ! the next ews brown bag is thursday , april 19 at 11 : 30 am . tim battaglia vp / eim will be discussing steel origination . congratulations to peter del vecchio , eim senior counsel , and his wife , nair . they are the proud parents of dante valentin del vecchio , born april 3 , weighing 4 pounds , 8 ounces . news from the global flash enron poland obtains gas trading license on 22 nd march 2001 enron poland received a 10 - year gas trading license , valid for both domestic gas trading within poland as well as for gas exports . the license is a key component to our entering the gas trading market in poland and , coupled with the power trading license we obtained in 1999 , will give enron poland a strong position in the developing wholesale energy market . in the next two to three weeks , we expect to receive a cross - border trading license covering gas imports that are further regulated under the polish energy law ordinance on gas import diversification . enron wind announces first uk off - shore wind farm on 5 th april 2001 , enron wind announced that it had been granted the right to initiate the planning process for its first uk offshore wind farm , located at gunfleet sands , 7 km from clacton - upon - sea in essex . construction is expected to start towards the end of 2002 , with the wind farm of 30 turbines being operational by q 4 2003 . enron wind is also actively involved in a number of on - shore projects in the uk , including the development of wind farms in wales and northern ireland . legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: we focus on oem and retail box for microsoft , adobe , macromedia , corel , symantec and more . software for system builders , resellers , and hardware purchasers only . the only thing that comes to a sleeping man are dreams . spinnin ' a rope is fun if your neck ain ' t in it . 
2	Subject: download + cds all os and all under $ 15 - $ 99 just shopping for software ? now in your language they show us our faults . hope sees the invisible , feels the intangible , and achieves the impossible . 
2	Subject: eia ' s latest forecast of pricing and supply for the winter eia predicts supply shortfall will linger through winter the energy information administration said yesterday in its september short - term energy outlook it is projecting natural gas prices at the wellhead will increase by about 87 % this winter ( october - march ) compared to last winter . residential prices for gas are expected to rise on average by 27 % compared to last year . for the entire year , the average wellhead price for natural gas is projected to be $ 3 . 40 / mcf , the highest annual wellhead price on record ( in inflation - adjusted terms , it would be the highest annual average price since 1985 ) . the short - term supply constraints that are currently hindering the industry ' s ability to meet storage and power generation demand at the same time are likely to continue into the heating season , eia said . storage levels could end up being about 8 % below the five - year average of about 3 , 000 bcf by the start of winter if net injections continue at 10 % below historically average rates through the remainder of the refill season . the effects of increased drilling for gas are not expected to appear in the form of significantly increased production until after the next heating season , according to the agency ' s report . " for now , we are continuing to maintain a conservative view of possible increases in domestic gas production for 2000 and 2001 , with assumed increases of 0 . 5 % and 1 % , respectively , for this year and next . . . , " the eia report stated . " on the other hand , the u . s . natural gas rig count on aug . 25 was at a recent high of 794 rigs . exploration and production budgets for many natural gas producers are expected to increase sharply in 2000 and 2001 , spurred by higher prices and greatly improved current and expected revenues from producing assets . also on the positive side , data from the texas railroad commission suggest that , through may , year 2000 gas production increased , if only slightly ( 0 . 4 % ) . this signifies a turnaround ( however modest ) in a key producing region . very high gas drilling rates , including a record - setting pace in deep offshore gulf of mexico , confirm that increasingly positive results for domestic gas production are under way . " imports are projected to rise by about 12 % next year primarily because of the 1 . 35 bcf / d alliance pipeline coming on line next month . meanwhile the demand outlook remains bullish at 4 . 2 % annual growth . in 2001 , however , the forecast has been revised downward to 2 . 5 % growth because of higher than expected natural gas prices . the industrial sector is the leading sector for demand increases in 2000 at 9 . 3 % , while electric utility demand is expected to decline by 4 . 0 % primarily because of power plant sales . for the power generation sector as a whole , gas demand is expected to grow 6 . 5 % this year and 1 . 5 % in 2001 . eia said the reduced growth rate next year is largely due to the reversal in relative prices of fuel oil and natural gas , which began in august , with fuel oil gaining the price advantage as gas prices continued to rise . gas demand this winter is expected to be up by 5 . 7 % compared to last winter if weather is normal . normal weather implies a 12 % rise in heating degree - days compared with last winter . 
2	Subject: mail receipt thank you for your mail regarding our site . we will reply as soon as possible . in the meantime please continue to enjoy our site . tight lines bray sea anglers . 
2	Subject: would you like a $ 250 gas card ? don ' t let the current high price of gas get to you . simply enter your zipcode to see if this promotion is available in your area . ubycvski 
2	Subject: ios posting please post . 
2	Subject: fw : fw : conoco - big cowboy here is what bob cotten has to say about big cowboy . i think i will try to have conoco send our money back until we can determine who we bought the gas from . megan - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rrcotten @ aep . com [ mailto : rrcotten @ aep . com ] sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 9 : 14 am to : parker , megan cc : jlopez @ aep . com ; gmweissman @ aep . com subject : re : fw : conoco - big cowboy megan , the april and may nomination spreadsheets from producer services reflect that there were purchases from conoco on hpl . there are no references to any purchases from conoco on gepl . on june 6 , 2001 , tom acton edited deal ticket # 133304 to include gepl meter # ' s 27 - 002 - 08 and 27 - 003 - 08 . i have no idea why tom edited the deal ticket to include the gepl meters . tom is no longer at aep and i couldn ' t find any documentation to support the changes . please advise if you need additional information . bob to : cc : subject : fw : conoco - big cowboy bob : can you help with this ? i am trying to find out why gepl was added to the conoco supply deals for april and may 2001 . conoco says we did not purchase any gas from them on gepl . megan 713 - 345 - 7480 > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : farmer , daren j . > sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 10 : 57 am > to : parker , megan > subject : re : conoco - big cowboy > > from looking at the audit in sitara , it appears that tom acton added > the location on june 6 , 2001 . ( i thought that their access to sitara > was taken away before then . ) he probably got instructions from vol > mgmt to do this , but i ' m not sure . have you talked to anyone in that > group ? i didn ' t know that these meters were being added to the deal . > since tom has left aep , you may be able to get bob cotten to help . > see if you can find out anything from v . m . and bob . i will do some > digging here to see if i can find anything . > > d > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : parker , megan > sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 10 : 17 am > to : farmer , daren j . > subject : conoco - big cowboy > > darren : > i ' m not sure if you can help me with this , but i don ' t know who else > to ask . for april and may , we have gas pathed on deal 133304 to > conoco at the gepl big cowboy point . conoco is saying that we did not > buy that gas from them . they have accounted for all of the hpl big > cowboy gas and think we have over paid by about $ 1 . 5 mil each month > for the gepl gas . do you know why we added the gepl meter to the deal > in april ? could we have bought this gas from someone else ? i have > the meter statements from tejas , but they do not say who the supply > company was . > > megan this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: vince kaminski good morning mr . bandini : i am dr . kaminski ' s assistant and he has asked me to forward a copy of his " bio " and the following information to you . dr . kaminski ' s email address : vkamins @ enron . com telephone number : 713 / 853 - 3848 thank you for your interest . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research 713 / 853 - 5290 email : scrensh @ enron . com 
2	Subject: enrononline weekly public report for october 19 , 2001 the information contained in the weekly public report can be communicated to audiences outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent message to the public . please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone in your group who needs to discuss enrononline with individuals outside the company . this report is not intended to be used as a stand - alone presentation , nor that all the information be used in a single presentation or customer communication . total life to date transactions > 1 , 570 , 000 average daily transactions > 5 , 600 life to date notional value of transactions > $ 870 billion daily notional value approximately $ 2 . 4 billion number of products offered : approximately 2 , 000 number of currencies traded in  15 enrononline version 1 . 0 launch date : november 29 , 1999 enrononline version 2 . 0 launch date : september 18 , 2000 due to size constraints on the outlook system , the public report will no longer be distributed . a complete copy of the report can now be accessed directly through the enrononline intranet site at http : / / eolinfo . enron . com . in order to access this report , click on the link above . once there , follow the link entitled " reports " and then select the " public reports " tab . a dropdown menu will appear with a list of the various public reports available for viewing . . we look forward to your feedback and comments . if you have any questions or experience any difficulties accessing your reports through the intranet site , please feel free to contact either bryan deluca at x 36161 or fraisy george at x 35424 . 
2	Subject: for the kingdom of god from : mrs . goodness h . alfred williams apex medical centre abidjan cote d ' ivoire 01 bp 4477 abidjan 01 , abidjan cote d ' ivoire dearest in the lord . i am the above name person from the republic of senegal . i am married to dr alfred williams who worked with senegalise embassy in south africa for nine years before he died in the year 2000 . we were married for eleven years without a child . he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days . before his death we were both born again christians and we lived happilly . when my late husband was alive he secured $ 15 million ( fifteen million u . s . dollars ) with financial institution here in cote d ' ivoire . presently , this money is still with the financial institution . but recently , my doctor told me that from all the test conducted on my health , i am not going to last long , expecially , due to my cancer and stroke . but what disturbs me most now is stroke . this have indeed put me into serious confussion . having known my condition , i decided to donate this fund to churches or christian organization that will utilize this money specifically for the work of god . i want a church or individual that will use this money to fund churches , orphanages , widows , and the less priviledged ones . also , the propagation of the work of god , building and maintaining the house of god through this money , is very important . the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i took this bold decision because i don ' t have any child that will inherit this money and my late husband relatives are not christians . i don ' t want my husband ' s hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers , for their own selfish interest and in an ungodly manner . i am not afraid of death hence i know where i am going . i know that i am going to be in the bossom of the lord . exodus 14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold my peace . i am presently in one hospital here in abidjan called ( apex medical centre ) receiving some treatment . as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the financial institution in ivory coast . i will also give you all information regarding the deposit of this money . i will also issue you a letter of authority that will empower you as the original - beneficiary of this fund . i want you and your church to always pray for me because god work in misterious ways . my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian . who ever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth . i will also want you to speak with me through the hospital telephone number which i will give to you as soon as i hear from you . please always be prayerful all through your life . any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or christian individual for this same purpose . please assure me that you will act accordingly as i stated herein . hoping to hear from you soon . please reply me through this mail goodnessgodl @ yahoo . com remain blessed in the name of the lord . yours in christ , mrs goodness h . alfred williams con terra mail obtienes 6 mb de espacio adem?s de bloqueo antispam http : / / terramail . terra . com . mx / terramail / acceso a internet 3 x 1 , desde ? $ 179 pesos al mes ! encuentra los mejores productos y precios increibles ! ! aprovecha nuestra promoci?n a 12 pagos sin intereses con banamex y bancomer http : / / www . decompras . com / 
2	Subject: great answer ! dear louise , i just finished watching the all employee meeting , from my computer in mexico . i was very pleased to hear the question on mexico being asked , and see your performance at answering it . yes , we will do what you said , and more ! best regards , jaime _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: cialis - the next to the guiness ' book ? ! . . your reliable source for prescription drugs without prescription it is what you learn after you know it all that counts . arrogant and right is surely better than humble and wrong . ah , music . a magic beyond all we do here ! 
2	Subject: the whole world must hear this ! ! click here to join for free now and receive $ 5 . 00 fast start bonus instantly ! ! click here now for details : http : / / tinyurl . com / 5 mhm 9 if you are truly interested in improving your financial circumstances or creating wealth for yourself and your family for generations to come you really need to take the time to go to this page and find out how you can turn your millionaire ' s dream into reality . http : / / tinyurl . com / 5 mhm 9 bhupinder singh proud futuremillions member  
2	Subject: re : billing question thank you for your message . the credit card i want to use is currently stored in your system . when i want to update the billing information with this card number , i am getting the answer : credit card already in use . the card is in good standing and there is absolutely no problem with this card and there was never any problem . i don ' t understand why your system failed . i think that this is your problem , not mine . discover last 4 digits : 0057 . expiration : 05 / 02 sincerely , w . kaminski p . s . i have just called discover and was told the account is in pefect shape ( as expected ) . as i have said , you must have a bug in your system . 
2	Subject: goings on hi again , ? i can hardly wait for some good stuff regarding my " friend " . i do hope you understand i am not against the person or persons - - just the way they do their jobs . ? i can ' t believe pat just left . must have been a really bad meeting . who took his place ? ? i see henry hub was close to $ 7 . 50 yesterday . amazing . your producers must be happy . ? trees - - ha . it is getting to be a choice between trees or gifts . ? markets up nicely , courts ruling nicely , greenspan softening his stance on interest , linda not shopping as much as prior years . looking good today . ? later , ken 
2	Subject: important to you - manager , zane oh , you drained the supplies for your boyfriend ! never mind , we offer products for the real man ! you could place an order today ! we assure  you  ll receive it at one stroke ! all men are very pleased to have this ! expect and have . order it now . be deleted : best , regards , zane 
2	Subject: re : tglo status sorry bout the first comment , did not totally understand . . . we will handle this via the oa process , where i ' m working with the oa group that will allow us a bucket of income or loss and we will run this through tom ' s p parker , megan ; boyt , eric ; farmer , daren j . cc : bryan , gary ; pond , jim ; helton , susan ; roberts , linda subject : re : tglo status cost centers 11814 and 27117 are rolling to texas gas trading . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : coffey jr . , jim sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 10 : 05 am to : parker , megan ; boyt , eric ; farmer , daren j . cc : bryan , gary ; pond , jim ; helton , susan ; east , laynie ; roberts , linda subject : re : tglo status megan as i mentioned to you yesterday , it still looks like the volumes for gas delivered to tx glo do not have linda robert ' s origination fee deducted . do we need to execute a pma with txglo to deduct those volumes from the next delievery ? also isn ' t there an entry that is missing in your file to capture the $ cost of gas for the gas delivered to txglo ? is that being captured in unify or is it being manually entered by gas accounting ? darren do we need to execute a seperate deal ticket for the origination deduct ? susan / laynie what busines unit are these cost centers rolling up to ( 11814 coffey jr . , jim subject : tglo status eric : i reviewed the gas deals on franks ' spreadsheet and they agree with what is in sitara . as soon as i have the october gas numbers , i will forward them to you . attached is a spreadsheet of the tglo deals booked to the gl to help you with our current settlement position . it is divided by debit / credit entries . when the sales are booked , a debit hits the customer account to create the open sale to apply the cash to and a credit hits the revenue account ( 40004000 third party ; 40005000 intercompany ) for the profit center . below is a summary of where we are on the sale dollars to egm . i have already sent an email to risk to update the demand fees for the prior months and to book aug and sept crude . i will wait for the go ahead from frank before i final them to the gl . let me know if you have any questions . megan status of sales to egm cleared invoices $ 3 , 905 , 963 . 20 open invoices $ 1 , 177 , 587 . 60 to be booked $ 3 , 093 , 424 . 22 $ 8 , 176 , 975 . 55 > 
