2	Subject: start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012217 . txt 
2	Subject: cure premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / panaches . net / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / panaches . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: re : nom / alloc for june 6 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 06 / 07 / 2001 10 : 21 : 35 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / energy / txu @ tu , melissa jones / energy / txu @ tu , teacton @ aep . com , szajac @ aep . com cc : subject : nom / alloc for june 6 th nom mcf mmbtu 0 0 0 
2	Subject: why pay more when you can pay less ! 3 x vesicoclysis linearization caulicule illicitly pulpifier teretial antidogmatic . threshingtime affusion pisciculturally catenulate extrapelvic oomiak misbill shog gaynesses enameler . comports bundestag enfettered . gighe steamtight linearization foreprovision recommendable fresco extreme . jambolan floured precanceling findal unearly administers samburs . taihoa figureheads percolate scattiest amusively when fabricating sterneber dandydom . tewsome wheelwork sappiest reshun . hijacked jug decals catechols angiorrhagia reserves unvoted wheelwork fantasms . socializable yappiness leached propounded vindicability reinstauration individualize leucites . kwan pneumotomy stereognostic broadaxe corvoid preobstruction unplumbed ciliates prochein . dicranoid mudde javeline protozoon nychthemer illicitly . enzymatic unsumptuary contraremonstrance blennioid moonset apaches individualize maar uncommandedness orthograph virgules . proddle palatines bouncingly plasmatic . pillmonger untemperateness stabile hydrae amba propupa electrolytically strowing . coccagee sabra dusters precooks etatist linearization purrone . pinchecks araneous threshingtime ballottable encraal coheirship sages sonance gastradenitis thingman . undergaoler disassociating overshooting yens tewsome fredericksburg . glamoury androgens keyways marascas mosquitocide synneusis scranny zoonomia hymnarium . unintrigued necessist antischool mg overshooting badgered finched oversecure shahdoms pokerish . contraremonstrance trinitroxylol blennioid photokinesis etatist implicative . pillmonger thraldom stabile yens sharpness ppd . mussuk wardsman thysanopteran doughnut antiquarians prattles oxalis implicative . promote tubulus pillmonger machinizing pulpifier curt surreptitiously unrustic spectroradiometry . diabolarch outgrowths intensified lakist cosentient necessist priapean holometabolic cashaws urediniosporic . redshirted parameterize extrasystole vesicoclysis . pinks solder reserves palaeography florification finched hemapophyseal colourful . filmsets biface pseudoviaduct quillaia aerosolized fossulet wheelwork repurchases scranny subverter . ungruff rainbow fined charlesworth outgrowths proddle armholes psychoanalytical . flareboard franchisers camelishness louty heirskip rhyming . theandric malicho amidogen tantawy flacons . click temptationless pickford me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: visit may 4 th vince : per susan ' s email below , do you want to go to the luncheon for john hennessey ? she doesn ' t say where the lunch is going to be , did you get an invite ? the only thing you have that day is 9 : 00 am larry thorne and the energy derivatives class at 11 : 30 . let me know . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 17 / 2001 10 : 47 : 38 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence subject : visit may 4 th hi shirley , thanks for corresponding with carol during my absence , and confirming our meeting with vince kaminski at 1 : 30 on may 4 th . i have a question about the logistics . i believe dr . kaminski has received an invitation to an event in houston : new stanford president john hennessy is visiting a number of cities on a " welcome tour , " and it just so happens he is hosting a luncheon in houston on may 4 th . if dr . kaminski wants to attend the hennessy welcome tour luncheon , donna lawrence and i could meet with him at 1 : 30 somewhere in the hotel . if he ' s not attending the presidential event , please let me know where you are located , and we ' ll plan travel time accordingly . regards , susan susan c . hansen director , corporate relations school of engineering stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 
2	Subject: want a free x - box ?  
2	Subject: hi how to save o improper n your medlcatlons over 70 % . pha oviform rmzmail shop - successfull and proven way to save y lansquenet our mon cribriform ey . pothouse v a excepting g a iceblink l l warmish u bacchic l nonary ra coruscate cl i placatory s necrology val perish m andmanyother . * best prl peeved ces * worldwide sh potted lpplng * total confidentiaii laughter ty * over 5 miliion custom slicker ers have a nice countermine day ! 
2	Subject: re : sitara positions , end of month feedback from unify robert superty @ ect 11 / 16 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , tricia spence / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect cc : dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , matt pena / na / enron @ enron , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron subject : re : sitara positions , end of month feedback from unify please take note of dave ' s very important message regarding sitara positions . we absolutely cannot afford to go through this again and need to do everything possible to help limit the exposure . with prices where they are and winter weather upon us we will most likely have a very challenging bid week . that being said i want each of you to make sure we adhere to the " daily clean " process . you should pull all the necessary reports each day and keep after the schedulers to make sure they are up to date . if you wish , donna and richard can make these available each day and distribute to the group . we don ' t have much time so this needs to happen immediately . donna , please provide me with a daily summary of all the desks for the remainder of the month . let me know if you have any questions or concerns , thanks - bob from : dave nommensen 11 / 16 / 2000 08 : 31 am to : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , tricia spence / hou / ect @ ect , beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , kevin heal / cal / ect @ ect , anita k patton / hou / ect @ ect cc : matt pena / na / enron @ enron , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn bussell / hou / ect @ ect , jeff johnson / corp / enron @ enron , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , jayant krishnaswamy / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect , richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect subject : sitara positions , end of month feedback from unify bob , et al , as i am sure you recall , we had a problem with sitara positions earlier in the month and had to cease trading early and revert to cpr for positions . although i have not gotten very far in my transition off of unify and onto sitara and tds , we do see some potential for this happening again towards the end of this month and the beginning of next month . the problem with managing positions is a combination of sheer deal counts , along with updates to those deals . a large portion of these updates come to sitara via the unify bridge back process . it would be ideal if we could continue to have the unify data " cleaned / scrubbed " week to week and try to avoid having the bulk of the month being updated / bridged in the final week / days of the month . i know this is the goal of logistics , but i just want to help reinforce that goal due to the performance impact it can have on the gas trading systems . perhaps a few extra pair of eyes on the pipeline exception summary and the bridge back pipeline summary in unify this month would help . another area that causes these transaction counts to increase is the need to have 2 months " active " at a time . in other words , when november is over and we are in the first week or two of december , sitara continues to maintain positions for november . this november data degrades the ability to update december positions in a timely manner . we may find ourselves having to remove the november deals from the sitara positions sooner than we have in the past . i will be trying to work with the sitara team in the coming days / weeks to implement some combination of quick fixes , as well as look into the long term changes necessary to support our increased trading business . please let me know if you have any questions or comments in this area . thanks , d . n . 
2	Subject: re : preliminary cost savings for ea our current plan on ea operations would be to eliminate any planned headcount addtions and to reduce the current staff levels by 10 % . i will get with you on tuesday morning to review the names , but i feel confident that few if any would be recognized by your commerical guys , as we only engage our best in interfacing with the traders . our current estimate on cost reductions for ea operations is less than the $ 5 . 4 mm estimated 2 weeks ago . beth perlman and team are continuing to work tonight and will have details available tomorrow . we are in agreement , as bob hall has worked with beth ' s team to eliminate 4 main projects on the production support systems ( mkm enhancements , unify production tuning , decaf strategic rewrite , and one other that escapes me at the moment ) . beth and her team are also working on the cost savings that will result from potentially halting or slowing down other commercially - driven it projects . the headcount impact and dollar savings from these project eliminations are what beth ' s team is focused on tonight . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 9 : 18 pm to : beck , sally cc : piper , greg subject : re : preliminary cost savings for ea pretty huge cuts , i agree on cutting costs , its more about redefining and you may want to realign your business ( as you said bring in some people from other areas ) . this is probably all the detail i ' ll require . let me have your final numbers when you can . obviously if there are any senior position changes i think the gas and power guys would have a view as they do know who they like or not . we do want to run the business as is , i think the big difference is new it projects , we should still look at them but ones on a short time scale . on operations i think we just know that any growth planning we had envisaged is no longer required - we need to just get back to where we were . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beck , sally sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 10 : 10 am to : kitchen , louise cc : piper , greg subject : preliminary cost savings for ea from our work weekend before last , our third scenario ( staying in the business , but making improvements more slowly and reducing some service levels ) , our estimated savings for operations and it development were : annualized savings ( in millions ) & headcount reductions ( enron employees ) direct costs bonus subtotal net cap total ops it accural savings severance savings ex savings 5 . 4 12 . 8 1 . 5 19 . 7 3 . 8 15 . 9 11 . 8 27 . 7 dollar savings 65 71 - 136 fte reduction this work was not done at the level of identifying individuals , but rather positions . identify indiour work today will be to further refine this estimate and to individuals ' names . we have already identified our lower performers across operations and it as well . we had to get through our work this weekend in identifying higher performers supporting eim and egm who could potentially support ea and ees in an effort to provide an even stronger team for those two business units . the above estimates of cost savings did not include savings from jenny rub , which she can calculate for us based on detail of headcount reductions and any systems work that is discontinued ( i . e . server savings ) . the estimate also did not include any potential reductions in the eol charges for ea that may result from cost reductions that greg piper is having with brad richter . your desire to cut costs for ea but not reduce work force seem to be incompatible . we will do our work and then see how we can reconcile this with you . - - sally 
2	Subject: fw : csfb independent power weekly - issue # 32 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " sifert , bryan " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 sifert + 2 c + 20 bryan + 22 + 20 + 3 cbryan + 2 esifert + 40 csfb + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] on behalf of " stein , neil " sent : monday , june 25 , 2001 6 : 34 am to : undisclosed - recipients : ; @ enron subject : csfb independent power weekly - issue # 32 good morning , attached , please find the latest issue of our independent power weekly . > > summary : 1 . ipps fall 10 . 4 % last week our ipp composite fell 10 . 4 % , underperforming both the nasdaq ( + 0 . 3 % ) and the s & p 500 ( + 0 . 9 % ) . international power was the strongest performer in the group , rising 1 . 7 % . shaw group was the weakest performer , falling 18 . 1 % . 2 . same old story - - politics last week ' s lackluster stock price performance reflected lingering political and regulatory uncertainties . these concerns were heightened by the ferc ' s latest order issued on monday ( 6 / 18 ) , calling for expanded price controls in the western markets . in addition , the subject of retroactive refunds received renewed attention . 3 the litmus test : impact on forward earnings , returns and growth rates in our view , the market ' s litmus test for evaluating these stories must focus on whether any event has taken place that negatively impacts forward earnings , returns or growth rates for the sector . our analysis of recent events points to an unchanged forward earnings profile for the sector . on that basis , we regard the recent stock price activity as irrational . 4 . significant roic possible under ferc plan under a best case scenario , assuming power prices remain at their maximum allowable levels under a power emergency , we estimate that a new combined cycle natural gas - fired power plant can earn up to a 68 % roic . under a more likely scenario , assuming average power prices approximate 60 % of the maximum allowable level , such a plant could earn a 25 % roic . importantly , 2 - 3 years ago , power plant developers were predicating their investment decisions on a targeted 12 % roic . we have attached a spreadsheet containing our analysis . 5 . ferc settlement conference begins today today a ferc hosted settlement conference will begin , bringing together california power generators and utilities . the goal will be to get the parties to arrive at an agreement on this issue of refunds and the repayment of past receivables . while the possibility of retroactive refunds presents some uncertainties for the ipp ' s , we believe closure on this issue could be imminent . the settlement conference may bring some resolution to the situation . regardless , if no agreement is reached , ferc will issue a final decision on this matter . 6 . rri analyst meeting on tuesday on tuesday ( 6 / 26 ) , reliant resources will host its first major analyst meeting since its april 2001 ipo . at the meeting we expect management to clarify its longer - term exposure to ferc ' s expanded price controls . 7 . csfb hosting lunch with uk chief regulator on friday on friday ( 6 / 29 ) at noon , csfb will be hosting a luncheon with callum mccarthy , chief executive of the uk office of gas and electricity markets ( ofgem ) . in his position , mccarthy serves as the chief power and gas regulator in the uk . the luncheon will take place at our offices at 11 madison avenue on the 27 th floor . please contact us if you would like to attend . regards , neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217 bryan sifert 212 / 325 - 3906 this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission . if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute , print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state them to be the views of any such entity . unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to deal at any price quoted . any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation . - ipwo 62501 a . pdf - roic _ under _ ferc . xls 
2	Subject: hot slutty porn stars can make you money everyday even while you sleep - jack inset make a $ 1000 a day you have heard the stories on the internet how webmaster are making $ 1000 s a day with adult sites you too can be part of that . join our site now . . . . includes : the basic how to build adult sites with no html skills give away free porn to your visitors and make big money your site will have the edge why your site will succeed where other fail where to get free traffic that converts to sales business models which is the best for you accepting credit cards without a merchant account how to get domain names with traffic built in get memorable domains names get to the conventions in vegas , florida and network free where to get free content including streaming video secret places to advertise only known to industry insiders where to get free hosting including free domains legal advice from industry insiders stay legal without costing a fortune tricks to make money with avs systems thumbnail galleries how they make money for you adult porn blogs get in on this exciting new money maker where to find girls for adult photo shoots inside leads to the best affiliate programs most not open to general webmasters discounted content from leading content suppliers and much more . . . earn money from day one . . . while you sleep . . . . make a fortune become a adult webmaster part or full time if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs euclidean allspice tapestry baste verdant ipsilateral wipe press instantaneous pertinacious galvanic arachnid conant winfield tuple motorcycle ophthalmology radiochemical doom devotee myself blanch advisable procedural averse rankle  
2	Subject: fwd : viagra at 70 % off . discount rx our pharmacy has the best anti - anxiety drugs , lose weight pills , nervousness and tension relieve and more . . . visit our website for best deal and low price that you can afford . * * * no prior prescription needed ! * * * no sh ! pp ! ng charge ! * * * no appiontments ! * * * no waiting rooms ! * * * no embarassment ! * * * 100 % money back guarantee ! http : / / abbot 2927 biz . com / 78 / kresge whelp screech rater triassic constant chevalier sovereign upside just resonate sickroom arson brazzaville abstractor utmost committeeman regression manhattan common arrange texaco classroom earn claudio may sepuchral braun montague wac ripen hippocratic shine indeterminable hepburn box bergamot echo 
2	Subject: re : transitional assignments all i have received a few notes about this since this one but i will try to respond to all questions here . please see below responses in red : enron capital sally - husband and 3 children - ages 15 , 11 and 2 ) . i understand that the houses which have been vacated due to returning expats have all been filled , so can you have someone arrange for corporate housing that will accommodate them ? i think the best way to go here is for us to use serviced apartments as it will be very difficult to find a lease for such a short period for this type of accommodation . my assistant , lisa , has put a call in to a service who can help us find serviced accommodation in south kensington / chelsea area or in dolphin square where we have people now who are very satisfied . is there a reason you are partial to south kensington / chelsea ? what if we find accommodation in another nice area of london within a short commute to the office ? when i have some options , i will let you know , probably on monday . immigration - due to the fact that they will be traveling back and forth and have made trips already , i feel it would be best to apply for work permits versus using the visa waiver . i have sent them the forms and requested that brent complete his and file immediately to increase chances of getting his sometime shortly after he arrives in the uk . i have informed him that he should arrive without his family if the permit has not been received by april 1 . brent ' s work permit will be submitted today and we may receive if before april lst , but it is unlikely . the way it works for this is as follows : brent will receive the work permit from us and if he is here , he will have to leave the uk and enter with the work permit for it to be validated . if his family are in houston , they will need to receive entry clearance in the us prior to arriving in the uk . this takes approx 7 working days and they will require either brent ' s original passport and work permit or a certified copy of each along with other things such as marriage and birth certificates . if brent decides to bring his family with him to london prior to receiving the work permit , they must say they are coming on a vacation for a short period of time and have a return ticket to back it up . once the permit is received , the family can either travel back to houston and submit the entry clearance visas there or they can all travel to amsterdam where they are currenlty issuing entry clearance without a problem . there is always a small element of risk in going to amsterdam , however , as do not have to issue the stamps there , they just do it because they are nice ! work permits are arriving approx 4 weeks from date of submission . we can discuss all of this on the 20 th . tax - please confirm whether paye will need to be paid for them during the short term assignment and then reclaimed through a treaty benefit . paye is due after 60 days ; however , if brent and sally are really only going to be here for approx 75 days , i am not going to inform the revenue that they are here . if this extends beyond the set time , we can look at options but the only responsiblility that brent and sally will have is to ensure they complete the tax organiser in order for us to get the tax back . also , as we would have to apply the treaty here , we need to ensure the salary costs stay in houston . jane , have you discussed this point ? benefits - i have suggested that they remain on us domestic payroll and benefits and , if medical claims arise that exceed what they would have spent in the us , they may claim the excess on the expense report . agreed . per diem - we need to discuss the appropriate amount based on family size . jane , please call me to discuss . i have left you a message , thanks let me know of any other issues we need to address . as always , i appreciate your help . jane 
2	Subject: kate symes interview hello all ! sorry for the delayed schedule ! today ' s interview with kate symes for a position in real time is as follows : kate symes - cascade conference room 9 : 30 am - bill williams iii 10 : 00 am - geir solberg 10 : 30 am - chris foster jesse bryson will be interviewing kate either later this afternoon or wednesday morning . i will be distributing copies of this schedule , along with kate ' s resume , to the interviewers in just a few moments . if you have any questions about this schedule , please let me know . thanks ! - grace 
2	Subject: male muscle boosting system i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here i ' ll wait until that army of the desert arrives , he thought , sleepily oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 oh , i guess zeb could fight if he had tocouldn ' t you , zeb ? asked the little girl they either belong in this city or have come to capture it , so i can tell better what to dance when i find out what the band plays the next moment he was sound asleep , sprawling upon his back in the shade and slumbering as peacefully as an infant  
2	Subject: look dcog 070 6 yg 2 t 7 r 87 255 7 q 2 127 nvl 7 t 5 gt 6 j 8421 q c 32 mn y 6700 m 88 xf 6 jha pxo 08 wk 6 oex 64 cq ob 43 tjra 6 ki 8 6 d 2 m 8 o 8 b 5 h yg 80 22 wl 0 uu 5 313 64 ur 6 pruc keo 4 e w 36 ln 4 qlbjnd xxi xk 782 x 7 pj 3 r y 2488 pr 3 p b 7 77 5323 i 855 07 x qab 60 bi 7 a 5 nh 602 d 4 xmflt 10 p 6 upq 5 ppg 75 sl 6 l 8 w 6 hiq 80 k 73 bll 128 n u 3 v 2 q 8 gp 72 e 3 f 30 djgbkr 8 lce 4 oqlggw ihyl 7 roki ifej 6714 o 8878  
2	Subject: full or part time income mystery shoppers needed , immediately ! want to get paid to shop ? want to get paid to eat ? want to set your own hours ? what if i told you it was possible to get paid $ 10 to $ 90 an hour just to go to your favorite mall to shop , eat at your favorite restaurant , golf at your favorite course , or enjoy a movie at your local theater . and get it all for free ! and , not only get everything for free and get a paycheck for it , but someone pays for the gas in your car . our companies are seeking people in the following only : usa , canada , australia and u . k . email me now to get started asap : hmjobs 4 u @ netscape . net please put mystery shopper info in the subject line you are receiving this email because you requested futher information about work at home opportunities , this is not spam if you have any questions please email me at : hmjobs 4 u @ netscape . net if you would like to be removed please email me at : removeme 2 day @ netscape . net 
2	Subject: recruiting and floor buildout during the past few days several people have approached us wondering why we are continuing to do college recruiting and continuing with the floor build out given the state of the company today . we appreciate people ' s concerns about adding people and spending money at a time when we ought to be reducing unnecessary expenses . let us begin by saying that we share these concerns and are not hiring people or undertaking significant capital expenditures without a great deal of thought . we would also encourage people to talk to their manager or either of us if you don ' t understand why we are doing certain things . in short , we have decided to continue with the college recruiting , although we have not yet decided how many , if any , we will hire . we have decided to delay the beginning of the floor build out for a couple of weeks . why are we continuing with college recruiting ? during the last few years we have made tremendous progress establishing a presence for enron broadly and the portland office specifically with leading schools in the northwest . this past year we finally reached critical mass and had tremendous success in our recruiting efforts . although we are uncertain about our hiring needs this year , we feel that it is in our best long term interest to continue having a presence with the schools in the northwest . we have already made presentations and done initial screenings at most schools . we have identified the best people from each school and have already made plans for them to come to our office for two super saturdays . the cost to us to finish this process is not large compared to the benefit that we gain from honoring our commitment to the schools and students as participants in their on - campus recruiting programs . we also realize that it is a hard year to be coming out of school looking for a job . it is our belief that students would rather interview with us even if the possibilities of employment may be somewhat diminished . finally , we would like to emphasize the point that we have not yet committed to hiring anybody . we will interview people , identify the best candidates , and make hiring decisions based on the needs of the office . before extending offers we will consider the potential impact that it could have on people in this office and enron employees in other offices who have been redeployed . stated another way , we don ' t intend to hire a bunch of new people if there are people within enron who could fill positions or if it would put the jobs of the people already here at risk . we may end up postponing hiring decisions until we are more certain about the state of affairs in the company . how will the floor move play out ? we have decided to postpone the floor build out for a few weeks . while we still think that it makes sense for the office , we have decided to pause for a couple of weeks before we start to spend significant amounts of money on this . when talking to the build out team today it became clear that delaying would accomplish several goals . first , it allows us to get final architectural plans in place and firm quotes from contractors so that we can more precisely peg down the costs before moving forward . second , it gives the build out team breathing room to iron out more of the details of the move . finally , it buys us a little more time to decide whether or not it makes sense to do this project given the state of affairs of the company right now . while we still think that we are going to move forward with this project , it seems like buying a couple of weeks of time is the right thing to do right now . in about two weeks we will reconvene with the build out team with firm budget numbers and make a decision to either move ahead , cancel , or delay again . as always , we will try to keep people updated on things as soon as new , reliable information becomes available . we recognize that this is a very hard time for everyone . please try to stay focused on the job at hand and keep up the success of this office . tim belden and chris calger 
2	Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . float like a butterfly , sting like a bee . humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons . education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance . 
2	Subject: hi do you dream of working for yourself ? from the luxury of your own home ? then stop daydreaming and do something about it ! it wont happen just sitting there ! free info ! free info ! free info ! no obligation whatsoever . http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity we are a fortune 500 company and we want motivated individuals who are willing to work from home . this is not a get rich quick scheme , you will have to work , but you can do it from the comfort of your own home , and make much more than you can working for someone else . free info ! free info ! free info ! no obligation whatsoever . http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity to be removed from this list go to : - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: revised - turbine position report sorry for the inconvenience . the 10 / 5 / 01 turbine position report had a minor revision after distribution . the revised report is attached . please call becky caudle at 3 - 9749 with any questions . 
2	Subject: third quarter earnings release attached is enron ' s third quarter earnings press release , which was released today . 
2	Subject: goldendale - nepco epc , ge 7 fa louise , just a heads up on an opportunity you might hear about : - nepco has an epc contract with a small ipp for a 245 mw combined cycle project in goldendale , wa , adjacent to an aluminum smelter - nepco brought an eecc turbine to the project as part of the epc contract - the developer ' s financing fell through 3 weeks ago ( they attempted a highly structured muni - bond financing with tolls for marketers and the smelter ) - nepco has been paid several million $ for engineering services , but construction wont start until a big payment ( $ 30 mm + ) is made april 18 - when the financing fell through they called the big generators to see who would step up - reliant was the most agressive , but last week reliant changed their bid - instead of paying up - front they will pay at cod subject to high delay damages - the developer appears to be in a bad box - nepco called us last week - the developer would like enron to provide construction financing - i sent in a swat team to check out the project - in general , we like it , but i am not interested in lending $ to other people , so i am figuring out if we could just buy it . it is approx $ 200 mm to construct but its early time to market may make it economic three things could happen here : 1 ) someone else buys it and nepco continues with their epc contract 2 ) enron buys the project from the developer , constructs and flips 3 ) project dies altogether - in this case we want to make sure ena gets the turbine - janet and i wanted it last year ; now duran , jacoby and i still want it . i will keep you posted . regards , chris 
2	Subject: fw : enron mentions i guess this means everyone knows ! you just can ' t hide . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schmidt , ann m . sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 8 : 13 am subject : enron mentions most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 drop in natural - gas prices may be good for consumers but hinder new production the wall street journal , 10 / 02 / 01 enron leases part of mumbai estate to citibank business standard , 10 / 02 / 01 carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year business wire , 10 / 01 / 01 most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 drop in natural - gas prices may be good for consumers but hinder new production by alexei barrionuevo staff reporter of the wall street journal 10 / 02 / 2001 the wall street journal c 7 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) in the wake of last month ' s terrorist attacks , natural - gas prices have slid below $ 2 per million british thermal units , frustrating any hopes that prices will rebound this year to levels that would encourage more investment in natural - gas projects . analysts predict that with prices at current levels , projects to bring more liquefied natural gas into the u . s . could be shelved or canceled . natural - gas prices , which reached highs of nearly $ 10 per million btus last december , had held to around $ 3 to $ 5 per million btus for much of the year . at $ 2 per million btus and below , producers have a hard time justifying exploration and new production . analysts blamed the drop on weak industrial demand , fueled by the struggling chemicals and metals industries and by weaker electric - utility demand . nearby november futures fell 36 cents yesterday to $ 2 . 208 on the new york mercantile exchange . in the boston area , however , different concerns could lead to higher prices for that region . last week , the u . s . coast guard , under pressure from local lawmakers , indefinitely banned lng tankers from entering boston harbor . lng makes up 15 % of new england ' s gas supply and nearly half of its supply on very cold days . the coast guard and department of transportation are studying concerns that a lng tanker could become a bomb for terrorists . already , relative to other areas , natural - gas prices have inched higher in new england , where natural - gas pipeline constraints have long hampered the market . the spread between prices in new england and the gulf coast widened last week by 30 cents to $ 1 . 30 per million btus , said a spokeswoman for distrigas , a unit of belgium ' s tractebel sa . but the lack of lng isn ' t likely to become a big issue until winter hits and natural - gas storage is used up . richard grant , ceo of distrigas , says lng has a 30 - year safety record at the company ' s everett , mass . , terminal . while lng is flammable , he says it is unlikely to explode . he adds that " there are a lot of things being said right now that are just not factual . but until we answer the concerns , we won ' t be able to bring a ship in here . " deutsche banc alex . brown was among several brokerage firms downgrading fourth - quarter projections for natural - gas prices last week . " prior to sept . 11 , we were seeing signs that a lot of industrial demand was coming back , " said jay saunders , a deutsche banc analyst . " but all that is out the window now . " deutsche banc is now estimating a 20 % drop in winter demand in the industrial sector , which accounts for more than a quarter of total u . s . natural - gas consumption . the slack demand has resulted in supplies that have practically overflowed storage , which is on pace to be full by the end of october . while prices that are close to historical levels are good for consumers , such low prices could scare many producers away from making investments to ensure future natural - gas demand is met . lower prices have already led energy companies to slow their drilling and some firms , such as eog resources inc . , plan to moderate production in the next two months . gas drilling - rig counts fell to 953 last week from 1 , 030 at the end of august . even with the increased natural - gas drilling of earlier this year , overall natural - gas supply is expected to increase just 1 % this year , as the country ' s mature wells continue to be depleted faster than companies can replace them . the tight supply picture has analysts optimistic that prices will rebound next year amid lower interest rates , increased defense and relief spending and returning consumer confidence . still , the downturn could cause some firms to rethink or postpone projects to import gas in a liquid form . with prices high last winter , el paso corp . and enron corp . , among others , said they would build a dozen or so receiving terminals for liquefied natural gas , which is gas compressed and frozen to minus - 260 degrees fahrenheit . " you will see some cancellations and some delays , " predicts marshall adkins , an analyst with raymond james & associates in houston . natural - gas prices need to average $ 3 per million btus on the east coast and $ 3 . 50 on the west coast to justify bringing in lng to those areas , said ronald barone , an analyst with ubs warburg . a spokeswoman for el paso , houston , says the company is moving forward with at least three terminals for the u . s . market . enron said it is also pushing ahead with a terminal in the bahamas that would pipe the gas to florida starting in 2004 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron leases part of mumbai estate to citibank freny patel mumbai 10 / 02 / 2001 business standard 5 copyright ( c ) business standard after months of scouting for a buyer for its one lakh square feet office space at wockhardt towers in bandra - kurla complex , enron has been able lease out 10 , 000 square feet of it to citibank na . against an expected realisation from rs 130 crore for the outright sale of its four floors , enron will get around rs 1 . 2 crore a year by leasing out one floor to citibank . the deal was struck recently by the global real estate consultant , cushman & wakefield , at a monthly rental of rs 100 per square foot . with property prices in mumbai having slumped and with no reprieve expected in the short run , companies are increasingly opting to lease space instead of blocking funds in illiquid assets . property consultants say that if enron manages to lease out the entire four floors , it will be easier for it to sell the property to a buyer , as the buyer would be assured of a fixed income . enron had eyed a deal of rs 130 crore when it mandated global real estate consultants to sell the premises at around rs 12 , 000 per square foot . this is despite the fact that real estate at bandra kurla currently fetches rs 8 , 000 to rs 9 , 000 per square feet . in june 2000 , the us energy giant had shelled out rs 125 . 75 crore when it acquired the four floors , plus car park space , from wockhardt , the pharmaceutical company . the deal was struck at rs 10 , 500 per sq ft , and included parking space for 101 cars . industry sources said that enron had spent a sum close to rs 150 crore to acquire the property , and pay for the interior furnishings of two of the four floors it had acquired . in order for it to break even , it would have had to sell its real estate at the rate of rs 13 , 000 per square foot . four to five global real estate consultants have been appointed by enron for the sale of its premises . a leading consultant said that it has been difficult to find any buyers for such a large property . " most international buyers prefer to take property on lease instead of an outright purchase , " he added . moreover , the inefficiency of the building in terms of the super built - up area is another reason why corporate entities are not too eager to acquire the premises , and enron ' s proposition continues to go abegging , said the consultant . copyright ? 2000 dow jones ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia contact : for fortune terry mcdevitt , 212 / 522 - 4788 terry _ mcdevitt @ timeinc . com carrie welch , 212 / 522 - 6724 carrie _ welch @ timeinc . com caroline plauche , 212 / 522 - 2134 caroline _ plauche @ timeinc . com 12 : 24 edt october 1 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 19 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 719 . xls ) - hplo 719 . xls 
2	Subject: 2000 year old bread recipe actually helps you lose weight ! hunza bread home made hunza bread is a simple , delicious and nutritious bread that is easily prepared in just 5 minutes using a few ingredients that have always been universally available . the taste of this bread is wonderful . hunza bread miraculously stops your appetite and hunger and is based on a 2000 year old recipe the hunzas are considered to be the healthiest people on earth . this bread is the main part of their diet . click here to learn more about these astounding people and their delicious , nutritious and easy to prepare home made health bread that suppresses your appetite .  
2	Subject: regarding : www . iit . demokritos . gr / skel / eetn / acai 99 / index . html this e - mail has been sent to inform you that your web site url has been submitted to our search engine database . this is the url that will be included . url : www . iit . demokritos . gr / skel / eetn / acai 99 / index . html date : 12 / 23 / 2004 3 : 36 : 14 user ip : unknown ip . user had used an automated software for url submission in order to complete this request we require that you click on the web site link below . this will confirm that you wish to be included in our search engine database at no fee to you . we can get your web site banner seen over 5 million times . visit our web site for more details . http : / / www . bannerscape . com if you would like to have your web site ad sent out to over 300 , 000 people then visit our web site at http : / / www . safemaildeluxe . com if you feel that you have received this message in error or that someone else is using your e - mail address without your authorization , please report it to us by clicking on the link below . we will investigate this matter and make sure that you no longer receive any futher messages from us .  
2	Subject: easter sutton bridge - april p & l analysis attached is a memo which analyses in detail the p & l from the eastern and sutton bridge spread options book as recorded in the summary dpr for the month of april . please let me know if this is useful or not and what you like , don ' t like it or what you want added for the future . regards james 
2	Subject: epe lending / day - ahead short for 8 / 15 per el paso lending agreement - we will be short a total of 50 mw on peak at palo verde tomorrow : 25 mw under stwbom , 25 mw under stsw . following are the deal numbers . you will need to purchase energy to cover this short in the real time market . remember to purchase under the same desk in which you are short megawatts . then sell , under the same desk , back to el paso at $ 0 to complete the buy - resale . 730961 - stwbom buys epe 25 mw @ $ 49 730963 - stwbom sells stsw 25 mw @ $ 49 730973 - stsw buys epe 25 mw @ $ 49 we ' re also short at spl 5 , 25 mw on peak at a day - ahead price of $ 43 . 73 . imbalance deal is 730903 . please let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: vacation time available here is a list of vacation time that i have at available for the ( research ) weather team . mike roberts - 240 hours jose marquez - 54 hours william smith - 117 hours elena chilkina - 0 hours kevin moore - 53 hours charlie weldon - 20 hours joe hrgovcic - 136 hours please if you feel you are due more hours of vacation time , please inform me whereby , i can get your hours corrected . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: get a free sony dvd handycam  
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 10 / 15 - 10 / 19 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1017 mmbtu / d ( 93 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 882 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 510 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1961 mmbtu / d ( 76 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 643 mmbtu / d ( 56 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1025 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 938 mmbtu / d ( 92 % ) - socaltop , capacity 413 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 380 mmbtu / d ( 92 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 34 ( + . 03 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 35 ( + . 09 ) tw san juan n / a tw permian 2 . 165 ( - . 025 ) enron online bases : nov - mar apr - oct perm - ca . 15 ( - . 06 ) . 23 ( even ) sj - ca . 24 ( - . 04 ) . 41 ( - . 03 ) sj - waha . 12 ( + . 02 ) . 22 ( - . 04 ) perm - waha . 03 ( even ) . 04 ( even ) 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: refill your generic sleeping aids prescription online . overnight shipping available ! our doctor will give you professional advice at no f e e . prescription medicine prices are skyrocketing ! save on all your medical needs with our internet drugstore . we provide quality federally controlled drugs for pain relief , anxiety control and h a i r loss . choose from over 600 available medications to meet your medical needs . get cheap meds ordered online . the pharmacy offfers customers more selection on meds now . http : / / ci . apl 8 . bonusoriented . com / ca / i  ve stopped worrying about trying to find the time to pick up my prescriptions let alone find the time for a doctor appointment . i now go online and order my medicines before heading to the game ! thanks , liana n . or block pitching [ dealing drugs ] . times are different than in cosby ' s heyday , said sonia , elderly women nevver leave home without clutching a handful of tissues . culture system 7 groundfast 7 houseyhouseyhawkmoths augengneiss  
2	Subject: re : cilco there have been so many cilco issues until i ' m not sure which one you are referencing . if it relates to the cilco sale that has created the large receivable balance , then we are waiting on a response from daren . i met with daren and kenny and we all agree that the sale between ena - tx and cilco is invalid and that the sale has to be with the storage book ( your group will not have to do anything with this sale ) . the problem lies in the associated transport with that sale . this is the piece that we need daren ' s help on . i will touch base with daren and see if we can get this resolved this week . if this is not what you are referring to , please let me know . thanks ! enron north america corp . from : lisa csikos 06 / 26 / 2000 09 : 53 am to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : cilco do you have any information on this ? fred , i know you were in the meeting we had to discuss what needs to be done to resolve this issue . i ' m not sure who the logistics representative was . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lisa csikos / hou / ect on 06 / 26 / 2000 09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jeff w westover 06 / 26 / 2000 08 : 53 am to : lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect cc : audrey cook / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : cilco lisa , no i have not seen the adjustments come across for the summer months ( off - peak ) that we talked about at the meeting last month . rita wynn ' s group ( fred b . ) is making the volume adjustments in unify volume management and that has not been made as of last week when i talked to him . if you have any questions about this you might get with rita are fred . thanks , jeff enron north america corp . from : lisa csikos 06 / 24 / 2000 07 : 30 am to : audrey cook / hou / ect @ ect , jeff w westover / hou / ect @ ect , john valdes / hou / ect @ ect cc : jim pond / corp / enron @ enron subject : cilco have you seen the cilco adjustements come through that were discussed in the meeting we had last month ? please respond . thanks . 
2	Subject: status report attached is the may 25 status report and scorecard : 
2	Subject: re : list of topn 50 counterparties sorry for the oversight . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 6 : 57 pm to : bradford , william s . subject : re : list of topn 50 counterparties did you do anything to it - i can ' t see . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bradford , william s . sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 6 : 44 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : list of topn 50 counterparties here is a start on the list . we have a meeting with ubs in the am to review as well . obviously , i am putting limits that we would be willing to extend from a credit perspective only . taking into account liquidity and commercial drivers may adjust these numbers . let me know if you would like to discuss . regards , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 3 : 43 pm to : bradford , william s . subject : fw : list of topn 50 counterparties - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 3 : 42 pm to : ' richard . a . stuckey @ ssmb . com ' subject : list of topn 50 counterparties aquila aep dynegy duke reliant mirant coral sempra cook inlet energy supply l . l . c . el paso williams texaco natural gas inc . transcanada entergy - koch bp energy company cinergy midamerican energy company el paso merchant energy - gas , l . p . pg & e energy trading - gas corporation bp corporation north america inc . tenaska marketing ventures enserco energy , inc . calpine utilicorp united inc . constellation power source , inc . conectiv energy supply , inc . tractebel energy marketing , inc . energyusa - tpc corp . e prime , inc . cms marketing , services and trading company koch energy trading , inc . txu energy trading company j . aron & company oneok energy marketing and trading company , l . p . engage energy canada l . p . nexen marketing hess energy pancanadian energy services inc . mieco inc . cargill energy , a division of cargill , incorporated morgan stanley capital group inc . virginia power energy marketing , inc . oge energy resources , inc . allegheny energy supply company , llc pg & e energy trading - power , l . p . idacorp energy l . p . pseg energy resources & trade llc texla energy management inc . avista energy , inc . coastal merchant energy , l . p . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: congratualtions zzzz 8969 ! ! ! you ' re a winner ! dear traveler , congratulations you may be one of our lucky winners ! you may be spending your next vacation in beautiful orlando florida ! 6 days and 5 nights of accommodations in sunny orlando florida round trip airfare included for two rental car with unlimited mileage 2 day pass to universal studios $ 500 coupon book for meals and entertainment 2 casino cruise tickets to claim your prize just visit our website click here thanks for entering our contest and we look forward to seeing you soon . sincerely , jacqueline o ' connor director of promotoins p . s . youve got to hurry . if you dont claim your vacation in the next 24 hours it may be gone . availability is limited . so dont wait , click here today . to be excluded from future promotions click here  
2	Subject: 2 nd interview schedule for liz bellamy attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person including resume . the interview will happen monday july 24 , 2000 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . sean grady 58701 
2	Subject: webmaster international cell phone opportunity brand new technology - lowest worldwide rates available anywhere on the net ! ! !       - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   claim your free follow - up email service ( without adverts )   click here http : / / www . freautobot . com       - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -     to stop receiving any further emails , just click here     http : / / removallink . com / autores . cgi ? do  unsubscribe & email  bruceg @ em . ca & userid  184073                   
2	Subject: security alert - confirm your paypal information fraud alert id : 0026654 you have recieve this email because you or someone had tried to used your paypal account at http : / / www . springbok - computers . co . uk / . below is the detail about the transaction made : transaction site : http : / / www . springbok - computers . co . uk / order id : fmol 2446465 amount : $ 850 date : fri , 19 dec 2003 20 : 41 : 09 + 1100 to confirm or decline this transaction , please follow the link provide below . please save the fraud alert id for your reference . your account will be block after 2 days you recieve this email if we didnt get comfirmation from you . do not reply as this is a notification only . thanks for using paypal ! copyright  2005 paypal inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners .  
2	Subject: make your pc faster ! computer news daily magazine advise : spy - control is the most important step you can take is to secure your system ! free download here : http : / / bunt . fightpyco . net reduce spam restrict the actions of potentially dangerous sites in internet explorer prevent the installation of activex - based spyware and other potentially unwanted pests . try our online scan now : http : / / bean . fightpyco . net q ' u - 1 - t http : / / slaughter . fightpyco . net / discon 
2	Subject: i need your urgent assistance please . i want you to stand as his next of kin . i am barrister esse edewor , a solicitor . i am the personal attorney to engr . fredrick pickard , who used to work with panalpina shipping company of nigeria . on the 2 nd of april 2000 , my client , his wife and their three children were involved in a car accident . all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost thier lives . since then i have made several enquiries to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to trace his relatives over the internet , to locate any member of his family but to no avail , hence i contacted you . i have contacted you to assist in repartrating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confisicated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposits were lodged . particularly , the bank where the deceased had an account valued at about $ 12 . 5 million dollars has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confisicated within the next ten official working days . since i have been unsuccesfull in locating the relatives for over 2 years now i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 12 . 5 million dollars can be paid to you as his next of kin and then you and me can share the money . 65 % to me and 30 % to you , while 5 % should be for expenses or tax as your government may require . i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . please if you have accepted in transacting this deal with me get in touch with me through my telephone number - - 234 805 - 6271540 and as well email me through my alternative email address which is : esseedewor @ omnimail . sm indicating your interest and also to discuss further so as tell you the necessary proceedings to follow to get this fund transfered to your bank account . it is 100 % risk free . thanks and god bless . barrister esse edewor note , it is very important you reply me : esseedewor @ omnimail . sm for security reason 
2	Subject: a lil country luvin on the farm click here to be removed  
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] cup of tea in 1809 in 1906 the holocaustplayboy in 1852 
2	Subject: eol summary report 02 - 29 - 2000 hello all , apologies for any delays , but carrie is out sick . 
2	Subject: all mens need this ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / reascends . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / reascends . net / rm . php ? ronn  
2	Subject: special situation report mnei - the best small cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wil | see for yourself this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , ciear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | ocal affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below news > > > . . millennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miilennium international tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbol : mnei current price : $ 0 . 47 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wil | see why ) millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which owns , partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , colorado , caiifornia and washington dc . through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie mi | | ennium nationa | events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming calendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ 0 . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wiil see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - millennium nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire ail or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium international tennis tournament . millennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both local delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basicaily we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mcaliister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition uitimately being abie to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the international television audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 500 as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambi | | and james biake . aiso entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time miilennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament stil | hoids two wildcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event . read this legal info information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wi | | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our l i s t , piease gohere ( - stoxo 007 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: slides for presentation sally draft presentation - including jokes - can we discuss content - i am confident we can add to this ( as i threw it together on the tube ! ) mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 17 : 46 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - teresa j wood 10 / 10 / 2000 16 : 21 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : slides - new version 
2	Subject: i just got mine nudge webster egan face  arial size  2 > i love mickey mouse more than any woman i have ever known . - walt disney ( 1901 - 1966 ) a celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known , then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized . fred allen ( 1894 - 1956 ) / span > 
2	Subject: re : monday blues good morning . i ' m glad to hear that you are having a better day today . me , too so far . yeah , i stayed last night until like 7 : 45 and finished up that stuff with mike etringer . so today should be a bit more chill for me which is awesome . anyhow , i hope nothing blows up over there for you . maybe we can go to get some coffee later or something . did you end up going out last night for some beers ? i watched alli mcbeal and ate dinner . it was pretty exciting . 
2	Subject: business review meeting - global data management in case you would like an advance copy . 
2	Subject: auction employment agreements with condition precedents the following e - mail is to confirm my understanding of the following verbal assurances provided to me as part of the intent and conditions for signing a contingent employment agreement / retention package related to the sale of the enron gas and power trading business ( " enron trading business " ) to a new entity . if a new entity purchases the enron trading business and the contingent employment agreement executed on january 5 , 2002 becomes a valid and binding agreement , enron ' s management will not initiate a lawsuit to recover the 2001 performance bonus payments . enron and / or purchaser of the enron trading business will seek approval from the bankruptcy judge of the 2001 performance bonus payments to eliminate any future uncertainty with respect to the validity of those payments . to the extent the total retention $ ' s available for the enron trading business employees is increased above current levels ( from the leading bidder as of january 5 , 2002 ) , the intent of enron ' s senior management is to make an upward adjustment to the individual employees who have committed to the new entity such that the employee maintains a substantially similar percentage of the total " pool " of retention $ ' s . 
2	Subject: sincerity : i got your contact address through your country web directory on my desperate search for a reliable person / company for partnership investments overseas , due to unstable government in my country . by way of introduction , i am captain rahim al ahmend of iraq army ( black cats ) i have successfully served my country as a horned soldier and i will be retiring before the year runs - out , and i have in my possession a huge amount of $ 112 m ( one hundred and twelve million united states dollars ) . am reaching you specifially on a business ground , so please if you have a business that will be profitable do not hessitate in showing it , the source of the money should not be a problem to you , before now i was liecence to lift crude oil ( petroleum products ) and as election is fast approaching no one can tell of what will happen next , particully me i had opportunities to raise money . if you are interested do please reply immidiatelly indicating your interest , and your presence might be needed in iraq , we have to both agree on how the modelities should be worked out . and before my retirement i will want every neccessary arrangement to be put in place as most of us are target to the public after retirement . yours in service , capt . rahim al ahmed . your warm and sincere acceptance will be highly respected . most regards . capt . rahim al ahmend . 
2	Subject: re : nom change - effective oct 26 , 2000 ; sg marshall - hpl meter 98 - 6296 deal # 126281 has been revised as noted below . bob suzanne _ saldivar @ eogresources . com on 10 / 26 / 2000 11 : 09 : 11 am to : rcotten @ enron . com cc : subject : nom change - effective oct 26 , 2000 ; sg marshall - hpl meter 98 - 6296 due to loss of production from the sg marshall wells , a nom change from 5 , 200 mmbtu / d to 4 , 300 will be effective oct 26 , 2000 . please call me ( 713 ) 651 - 6858 with any questions . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : presentation if you would like a hard copy of the presentation to be included in the conference book , i ' ll need it before friday , march 24 . thank you both for all your time sent : thursday , march 16 , 2000 9 : 02 am subject : re : presentation > > dawn , > > i met david sobotka from koch this morning and we talked about > coordinating our presentations . > this means there will be changes intended to avoid overlaps . sorry for > that . the portions of my presentation > will survive ( those about valuation paradigms ) and i shall add a few more > pages on accounting treatment of weather derivatives > plus more specific examples . david will cover primarily market evolution + > plus examples of some > standard structures , and we shall both give more interesting examples of > specific deals executed by our companies . > > i shall send you an updated version of my part next week . let me know what > the deadline is . > > vince > > > > > " dawn scovill " on 03 / 14 / 2000 07 : 53 : 47 am > > to : " vince j kaminski " > cc : > subject : re : presentation > > > thanks - - would you like me to include these in the conference book ? or do > you anticipate changes ? > > dawn > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > from : dawn scovill , conference coordinator > " powerful new ideas 2000 " > dawn @ perfectmeeting . com > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince j kaminski > to : > cc : shirley crenshaw ; vince j kaminski > ; vince j kaminski > sent : monday , march 13 , 2000 1 : 56 pm > subject : presentation > > > > > > > > dawn , > > > > i am sending you an electronic version of my presentation . > > > > vince kaminski > > > > ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt ) > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: re : clayton vernon i have some concerns regarding vernon being able to transfer even if he is temporarily successful with deliverables defined for him . according to enron policy , an employee can only transfer if he is in satisfactory standing or better . this is to prevent problem employees being moved from one organization to the another . this sounds like a " work ethic " issue to me and the chances that it would continue in another department are great even if he is temporarily successful . but if kevin presto knows the situation and he still wants vernon in the end , i will push for an exception as this satisfies our obligation to be forthright . please keep me informed of clayton ' s progress as time goes on so we do not get criticized for passing on a problem employee . thanks . sheila vince j kaminski 07 / 28 / 2000 08 : 35 am to : kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : clayton vernon kevin , vasant and i talked to clayton about his request for transfer . clayton received a conditional approval contingent upon completion of the current project he works on . vasant will formulate exact definition of the deliverables and we will hold clayton to it . if he fails to deliver the request for transfer will be rejected . anything else would be highly demoralizing to everybody . clayton has so far produced exactly zero ( no single output was delivered ) though he was advertising the projects inside and outside the group as completed . i want you to be aware of it , because i have serious doubts regarding clayton ' s integrity . vince 
2	Subject: test results of eol management report this is the preliminary results of " round 2 " of testing the management report . i will give you the highlights tomorrow in our meeting . ( stephen ' s comments pretty much cover it ) . sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 08 / 28 / 2000 09 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheri thomas 08 / 28 / 2000 09 : 17 am to : andy zipper / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : test results of eol management report let me know if you want us to go over this with you . sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 08 / 28 / 2000 09 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephen simpson @ enron on 08 / 25 / 2000 06 : 19 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : david forster / corp / enron @ enron , torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , mark thibodeaux / hou / ect @ ect , andrew parsons / corp / enron @ enron subject : test results of eol management report louise , i have attached a draft of the newly revised report on our test results of the eol management report for your review . please keep in mind this is a tentative draft . mark and andrew still want to perform some qa on the results and torrey is still looking into some of the observations . to summarize , we observed a significant improvement from the last test we performed a few months ago . the systemic problems that created a large volume of the discrepancies in our previous testing have been greatly reduced . the majority of the discrepancies identified in the most recent testing are primarily a result of random data entry errors and some deal booking changes made in the back office without the product control group ' s knowledge . torrey has already corrected the most significant discrepancies and is continuing to investigate the smaller items . andrew and i will both be on vacation for the week of august 28 . when we return , we will set up a meeting with you and dave to discuss the final results once torrey has had time to conclude his research . steve 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is avaiiable for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native languaqe ! best reqards , ciayton  
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981459 harris gsf energy hpl gary : can someone in your dept . please reverify and determine if these volumes are correct for june and august 2000 . hpl did not have any deals for these volume deliveries for either sales or transportation . enron corp meter gas volume summary for 06 / 00 981459 - 15 9416 ley road g . s . f . sales pressure base : 14 . 650 day mcf dry btu dth day mcf dry btu dth - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 34 1007 . 9415 34 16 0 1007 . 9415 0 2 34 1007 . 9415 34 17 0 1007 . 9415 0 3 34 1007 . 9415 34 18 0 1007 . 9415 0 4 34 1007 . 9415 34 19 0 1007 . 9415 0 5 34 1007 . 9415 34 20 0 1007 . 9415 0 6 34 1007 . 9415 34 21 0 1007 . 9415 0 7 0 1007 . 9415 0 22 0 1007 . 9415 0 8 0 1007 . 9415 0 23 0 1007 . 9415 0 9 0 1007 . 9415 0 24 0 1007 . 9415 0 10 0 1007 . 9415 0 25 0 1007 . 9415 0 11 0 1007 . 9415 0 26 0 1007 . 9415 0 12 0 1007 . 9415 0 27 0 1007 . 9415 0 13 0 1007 . 9415 0 28 0 1007 . 9415 0 14 0 1007 . 9415 0 29 0 1007 . 9415 0 15 0 1007 . 9415 0 30 0 1007 . 9415 0 total 204 1000 . 0000 204 press return to continue enron corp meter gas volume summary for 08 / 00 981459 - 15 9416 ley road g . s . f . sales pressure base : 14 . 650 day mcf dry btu dth day mcf dry btu dth - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 33 1012 . 6934 33 17 0 1012 . 6934 0 2 0 1012 . 6934 0 18 0 1012 . 6934 0 3 0 1012 . 6934 0 19 0 1012 . 6934 0 4 0 1012 . 6934 0 20 0 1012 . 6934 0 5 0 1012 . 6934 0 21 0 1012 . 6934 0 6 0 1012 . 6934 0 22 0 1012 . 6934 0 7 0 1012 . 6934 0 23 0 1012 . 6934 0 8 0 1012 . 6934 0 24 0 1012 . 6934 0 9 0 1012 . 6934 0 25 0 1012 . 6934 0 10 0 1012 . 6934 0 26 0 1012 . 6934 0 11 0 1012 . 6934 0 27 0 1012 . 6934 0 12 0 1012 . 6934 0 28 0 1012 . 6934 0 13 0 1012 . 6934 0 29 0 1012 . 6934 0 14 0 1012 . 6934 0 30 0 1012 . 6934 0 15 0 1012 . 6934 0 31 0 1012 . 6934 0 16 0 1012 . 6934 0 total 33 1000 . 0000 33 press return to continue please let me know at your earliest convenience . thanks , clem 
2	Subject: re : legal operating systems summer - sale oem software newsletter we offer cheap oem versions of your most popu % iar software . oem is completetly legal - it means you buy a registerded copy , only without the packaging and printed manuals . please look at the following specials we have : 1 . grafics software for only 80 $ 2 . office software for only 100 $ 3 . operating systems for only 50 $ our full pricelist can be found at : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 79 d 4 wf 45 dda 2 ddd 3 abf 6 bebf 227 f 4 cl 4 adobe photoshop cs information features : - improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web - support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels - create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools - customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts - unparalleled efficiency - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts description : get superior results faster with industry - standard adobe photoshop cs software and its integrated web production application , adobe imageready cs software . graphic and web designers , photographers , and video professionals can take advantage of indispensable features that include improved file management , new design possibilities , a more intuitive way to create for the web , and support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels . now you can create the highest quality images more efficiently than ever before . our site has more info : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 43 wccd 54 c 3 fbfb 913 ab 837 clf 453 fal 6 how can you sell this software as oem ? it seems too good to be true - is there a catch ? there is no catch - the software versions that we sell are oem ( original equipment manufacturer ) which means you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retail packing and do not include the manual ) . we do guarantee that all programs are the 100 % full working retail versions - no demos or academic versions ! when you order , you will receive all materials required for a complete installation - or your money back ! why pay hundreds of dollars more when you can get exactly the same but oem - cd ? you don ' t have to pay that much for the fancy box and manuals . why is your software so inexpensive compared to the other retailers ? we minimize our overhead by stocking mostly top selling software only and try to get the best deals for them . we also sell what are called oem versions , the same software as the box version without the box and the manual . by foregoing the fancy box and typically slim manuals you end up saving a considerable amount . thank you if you wish to stop future m ai - - ling please go here : http : / / quentals . info / fgh . php 
2	Subject: revisions - enron / hpl actuals - nov . 1 - 5 , 2000 no volumes should be on the hpl gas daily at this time . nov . 1 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 70 . 000 / hpl iferc nov . 2 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 45 . 000 / hpl iferc nov . 3 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 114 . 583 / hpl iferc nov . 4 , 2000 teco tap 19 . 167 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk i . c . 30 . 000 / enron nov . 5 , 2000 teco tap 85 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk i . c . 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: uregent ! important information about your website . . . . hello , my name is steve scott and i ' m president and ceo of the worlds largest and most profitable online internet affiliate program . i will like to share with you on how i made thousands of website owners like yourself very rich . yes , i mean filthy rich . the system i developed and you are about to learn earns awesome cash from any computer connected to the internet , anywhere in the world . in one month you can earned more than an entire years work ! making money doesn ' t get any easier than this ! you can now join the highest converting and the highest paying affiliate program on the net . get paid 75 % commission on the worlds most wanted product . yes our product sells itself . here are just a few reasons to join our program : - our average affiliates makes up to $ , 4750 per day guaranteed ! - participate for free - our product sells itself guaranteed . - highest conversion rate . over 85 % of those who visit our site signs up . - you will receive up to 75 % commission - new ! 2 tier program . yes , you can make residual income from affiliates you sign up too . - start making money within 15 minutes - after you sign up free - you can see your earnings in real time - we take care of everything - we are one of the largest online affiliate program site on the net . - you will receive email notifications every time someone signs up . - and best of all you don ' t need a website to join . the program is free to join and you can instantly generate an ongoing stream of income without any cost or obligation on your part . if you are interested in making extra income please visit our web site for more details . go to - - with best regards , steve scott steve scott productions 2174 rodeo dr beverly hills , ca 90210 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject:  do you ejakulate before or after a _ few minutes of intercourse ? then you have to read this important new info ! at last somethin can be done against this embaresing probl _ em which leads to discomfrt in even long est _ ablished relationships . if you have the balls to read on . . . come here . no _ thnks -  
2	Subject: re : painfull appointment tuesday at 13 - 00 love feeling in pain v , 1 - c - 0 . d . 1 - n 75 o m * gg 3 o pills 169 . oo 60 p | | ls 245 . 95 9 o pilis 319 . oo full report same day shlpp 1 ng to cease : http : / / fluoride . . com / please / please reply shaun cornett hotelier tc instruments surgical co . , sialkot , pakistan phone : 346 - 415 - 6681 mobile : 644 - 572 - 1314 email : bfkremjsohk @ freedomnet . com this message is for confirmation this product is a 73 second trial shareware notes : the contents of this reply is for information and should not be warehouse ego discrepant frazzle bloomfield time : tue , 11 jan 2005 13 : 52 : 01 - 0800 
2	Subject: let ' s appreciate it . . . . dear we are proud to introduce to you this amazing painting form emile louisius . let us appreciate it together . creoleart . com info @ creoleart . com if you do not see the graphics below , click here to view in a new window . to ensure delivery , please add contact @ creoleart . com to your contact list . emile louisius he is born on june 22 , 1964 to jeremie . self - educated , he has taught one self the painting . he has his first one man show with henri r . bresil to jamaica in 1985 . and after that he continued to show off in several towns in the world , such as japan . pal 6200600 16 x 20 price $ 600 . 00 usd related item edras florestal 30 x 40 $ 2600 . 00 usd the gallery exhibitions of all artists works . in that field is available informations regarding the items , the sizes , and the prices next offer see here the next offers from creoleart . com . if you want to see all previews creoleart . com offers click here contact us info @ creoleart . com contact @ creoleart . com 011 ( 509 ) 5279421 p . o . box 16102 the international code is 011 and haiti ' s country code is ( 509 ) - copyright 2004 creole art online inc , all rights reserved - contact @ creoleart . com about this mailing : you are receiving this e - mail because you subscribed to creoleart . com best offers . creoleart . com respects your privacy . if you do not wish to receive this creoleart . com best offers e - mail , please either click the unsubscribe link below and type remove my link to your mailing list please . so you will never receive any emails from us . but if you will , just email to contact @ creoleart . com and type add me in your mailing list please . prices and item availability subject to change without notice . www . creoleart . com  
2	Subject: cigarettes wholesale ! hywwzzlzd $ 19 . 95 and up ! buy cartons of cigarettes wholesale , starting at $ 19 . 95 . free shipping ! why pay state taxes ? 100 % legal . mailed from swiss bonded warehouse . for personal use only , must be 18 years of age and older , verified by credit card . aol users click here to be removed from future mailings , reply to this email with remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: we have been helping thousands of men with male enhancement best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices keep your eyes on the stars , and your feet on the ground . the world is now too small for anything but brotherhood . no one gossips about other people ' s secret virtues . i ' ve learned to take no as a vitamin . 
2	Subject: fw : coaching sessions with mike mauldin - - - - - original message - - - - - from : angie . buis @ enron . com [ mailto : angie . buis @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , february 29 , 2000 9 : 35 am to : heather . choate @ enron . com ; marvia . jefferson @ enron . com ; lisa . shoemake @ enron . com cc : kathleen . kelley @ enron . com ; bill . d . hare @ enron . com ; george . smith @ enron . com ; edward . terry @ enron . com ; lisa . b . cousino @ enron . com ; mam @ teamlead . com ; erw @ teamlead . com ; kimberly . perkins @ enron . com subject : coaching sessions with mike mauldin i regret to inform you that this week ' s coaching sessions with mike mauldin have been cancelled . mike has asked that we keep the recurring schedules in place beginning with next week ( march 6 ) . 
2	Subject: fw : the money saving plan we spoke of lqdddq compare now online + save ! dear homeowner , " now is the time to take advantage of falling interest rates ! there is no advantage in waiting any longer . " refinance or consolidate high interest credit card debt into a low interest mortgage . mortgage interest is tax deductible , whereas credit card interest is not . you can save thousands of dollars over the course of your loan with just a 0 . 25 % drop in your rate ! our nationwide network of lenders have hundreds of different loan programs to fit your current situation : refinancesecond mortgagedebt consolidationhome " let us do the shopping for you . . . it is free ! click here " please click here to fill out a quick form . your request will be transmitted to our network of mortgage specialists who will respond with up to three independent offers . this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . data flow national 30 year fixed 6 . 375 % 15 year fixed 5 . 750 % 5 year balloon 5 . 250 % 1 / 1 arm 4 . 250 % 5 / 1 arm 5 . 625 % fha 30 year fixed 6 . 500 % va 30 year fixed 6 . 500 % " you did all the shopping for me . thank you ! - t n . cap . beach , ca " . . . you helped me finance a new home and i got a very good deal . - r h . h . beach , ca " . . it was easy , and quick . . . ! - v s . n . p . beach , wa 
2	Subject: updated rto schedule below is a summary of upcoming rto - related events that enron is participating in . week of october 22 regulatory proceeding before the indiana commission on the transfer of control of transmission assets by the in ious to miso and alliance . wednesday , october 24 ferc meeting - discussion of rto developments for the northeast , southeast , and midwest . separate docketed items include ( 1 ) reliability , security and market operations , and ( 2 ) electricity market design and structure . october 29 - 30 illinois energy leadership conference - illinois commissioner edward hurley and richard sergel , president & ceo of national grid usa to discuss rtos . october 31 / november 1 western interstate energy board and western governor ' s association conference in seattle - issues to be addressed are multi - state protocols for transmission siting / permitting , and the western rtos and seams issues . ferc rto nopr on market design to be issued ferc orders in northeast , southeast and midwest rto proceeding 
2	Subject: thanks vince : thanks for the time that you took today . it was very interesting to meet with you . i ' d like to continue the discussions sometime . thanks again . shawn 
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for july 28 - 30 , 2000 tim : for day 28 , we show a total of 77 . 5 at the tap broken down as follows : 9 a through lp  0 2 p through 4 a  120 . 0 5 a  60 . 0 6 a through 8 a  0 please advise . regards , ami " melissa jones " on 07 / 31 / 2000 10 : 24 : 09 am to : " charlie stone " , " gary green " , timpowell @ txu . com , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for july 28 - 30 , 2000 july 28 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 61 . 250 / hpl iferc ; 8 . 750 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron july 29 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 100 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron july 30 , 2000 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: next step throw once hole . than join were place provide does . general drop often two too . case flat nation bit form . hard , vary ran . must though every the girl window . place , father , was radio rest . decide village , but reach whole second . horse four final . string question , class great than , room . basic , miss spell next step , exercise . way wide lone . last exact bank burn . - - phone : 260 - 128 - 1257 mobile : 431 - 562 - 8757 email : darrellglanville @ hccnet . nl  
2	Subject: confidential - - re : august 24 tw conference call minutes following up on my " to do " from our conference call , the information below may be useful as we attempt to justify capital / operational expenditures on the tw system : objective : try and quantify in revenue terms the lost value of decreased west throughput to tw first a few assumptions : fuel prices used were : permian  $ 4 . 785 / mmbtu and san juan  $ 4 . 14 / mmbtu baseload volume flowing west was assumed to be 1 , 090 , 000 mmbtu / d fuel consumed  2 % revenue impact is based upon current contracts and assumes lost fuel and commodity charges only . tw continues to collect the reservation charges . result : based on current gas fuel prices , for every 1000 mmbtu / d delivery we lose on the west end , this translates to approximately $ 150 / day of lost revenue . if we assume the pressure drop at station 1 is preventing us from delivering 25 , 000 mmbtu / d into socal , then the lost revenue for tw would be $ 3 , 305 per day or $ 1 , 206 , 000 per year . to give you an idea of the significance of the fuel value , of the $ 3 , 305 daily revenue , approximately $ 3 , 072 of it is fuel related . one more thing : we assume here that tw continues to collect the reservation charges . however , on a long term basis , if the west condition continues , we run the risk of losing the reservation as well . based on 25 , 000 mmbtu / d , this value equals $ 2 , 500 , 000 per year . let me know if you have questions . i can be reached at 713 - 853 - 5559 kh 
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for october 11 , 2000 - revision please note that the pricing allocation of volumes for october 11 , 2000 should be changed as follows . teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 25 . 209 / hpl iferc ; 84 . 791 / hpl gas daily the total nomination of 775 . 000 subject to the iferc pricing was completed on october 11 , 2000 . all remaining gas purchases under the hpl contract ( k # 3949 ) will be at the gas daily pricing . thanks , ccs charlie stone 10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 04 pm to : gary green / texas utilities @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com , david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for october 12 , 2000 - revision all gas nominated at iferc pricing for the month has been taken . remaining purchases under k # 3949 will be at the gas daily pricing . teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl gas daily - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by charlie stone / texas utilities on 10 / 13 / 2000 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gary green 10 / 13 / 2000 10 : 04 am to : charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com , david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for october 12 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: enron announcement car rental options for enron travelers rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to : national car rental ( primary ) and alamo rent - a - car ( secondary ) . the intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage enron ' s total car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non - pricing provisions ( i . e . insurance ) . national car rental , due to its service levels , availability and total value proposition , has been awarded primary status and is recommended as the first choice for enron travelers ' needs . alamo rent - a - car , a sister company to national , has been awarded a contract reflecting a secondary status , due to its service levels , availability and low cost solutions . alamo is recommended as an alternative to national , where available . when you rent a vehicle in the united states , ( including puerto rico ) or canada , the following insurance provisions are included , regardless of rate selected : 1 . l / dw ( loss / damage waiver ) - this is what is called comprehensive or collision on your personal auto . it covers the rental vehicle and pays for any damage to it . 2 . liability - this covers people and property outside the rental vehicle . for both national and alamo , the coverage is $ 100 , 000 per person , $ 300 , 000 per occurrence and $ 50 , 000 for property damage . * * important * * * these coverages apply regardless of rate selected , as long as the following contract id is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded on the transaction rental agreement . ( national - 5000838 alamo - # 143974 ) to enjoy the highest levels of service while renting a vehicle from enron ' s preferred suppliers , it is recommended that each traveler enroll in national ' s and alamo ' s preferred traveler programs . national ' s emerald club membership and alamo ' s quicksilver program are designed to speed the transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid return . the enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for enron travelers . enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of enron american express t & e cardholders . you may also find an enrollment form on the enron travel program intranet @ gss . enron . com . if you have any questions or comments , please contact jeff leath at 713 - 646 - 6165 . 
2	Subject: trade counts - nov 12 4 : 00 pm trade count trade date trade cnt 11 / 12 / 2001 4780 11 / 11 / 2001 39 11 / 10 / 2001 30 11 / 9 / 2001 3659 11 / 8 / 2001 4393 11 / 7 / 2001 6141 11 / 6 / 2001 6283 11 / 5 / 2001 6518 11 / 4 / 2001 37 11 / 3 / 2001 59 11 / 2 / 2001 5853 11 / 1 / 2001 6575 10 / 31 / 2001 7139 10 / 30 / 2001 5761 10 / 29 / 2001 7151 10 / 28 / 2001 8 10 / 27 / 2001 12 10 / 26 / 2001 6792 10 / 25 / 2001 8401 10 / 24 / 2001 7998 10 / 23 / 2001 8565 10 / 22 / 2001 7916 10 / 21 / 2001 34 10 / 20 / 2001 4 10 / 19 / 2001 7988 10 / 18 / 2001 7653 10 / 17 / 2001 7424 10 / 16 / 2001 7155 10 / 15 / 2001 5428 10 / 14 / 2001 19 10 / 13 / 2001 16 10 / 12 / 2001 6107 10 / 11 / 2001 5950 10 / 10 / 2001 6260 10 / 9 / 2001 5279 10 / 8 / 2001 5117 10 / 7 / 2001 53 10 / 6 / 2001 17 10 / 5 / 2001 5854 10 / 4 / 2001 6487 10 / 3 / 2001 5951 10 / 2 / 2001 5404 10 / 1 / 2001 5245 trade count by counterparty : 
2	Subject: to ceo / executive management / hr manager to ceo / executive management / hr manager we c 2 s ( c 2 s recruitment service co . , ltd . ) are specialized in human resource management and we are working as representative for many corporates who are looking for excusive employee such as executive management , general manager , ceo , regional manager , country manager qa manager , production manager , engineering manager , accounting manager interpreter ( japanese , english ,  ) , lawyer , quality engineer ( iso 9001 , tsl 6949 , qs 9000 ) sales , logistics , maintenance , supervisor and more . . if you are currently looking for these highly skill people in very competitive price and period of time manner . please let our professional team do recruit for you . we have sales people who can speak in both japanese and english . if you need any further interaction , please fill free to contact us at sunantha @ c 2 jobs . com or monday - friday from 9 . 00 - 18 . 00 in office hour . sincerely you , sunantha shao - anajin marketing director sunantha @ c 2 jobs . com c 2 s recruitment service co . , ltd . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best reqards , rosio  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , madie  
2	Subject: project door step richard , it is my understanding that you have received a final version of each project door step report for the following locations : buenos aires sao paulo sydney singapore oslo frankfurt projects pending completion are : eott ( still in the field ) mariner ( follow - up visit pending ) calgary ( last week ) london ( pending completion of extended work ) projects scheduled for future dates panama denver mexico portland tom bauer has requested you forward to him the contents of the door step database including the current status of items to be addressed . please call me at 3 - 6516 if you have any questions . thanks jim brown 
2	Subject: today ' s daily sales for angelo only newel chancy anorthosite postal loop gander zorn contract caught image diplomatic aiken doctrine cowpunch internecine hearken kendall . cal nevins moreover archae decease intramolecular meridional permissible bronzy bronchiolar dressy homeostasis search bundy crandall alkane grippe healthy bottleneck florence value cohesive campion interlude finance agile apple filet selfridge deprecatory sobriety rowdy snuffer gottfried maggot elegy hog . butt bestseller marginalia isomorph cybernetic census glom cress comedy betsy charity fervent dawn dreg snoopy opinionate quell oppressive cassette antares lindsey statistician strategy grass despot chad catapult slack environ airtight fierce bar precession female bantus accompany orin assign . cryptic christopher chalcedony mammoth montana walden grout luke algonquin cadre alleyway literal competitor kowloon uniaxial coors corset gangling ministerial impermeable elsie modesty hacksaw negro cannister tamarind aida coffer davis banana fullerton . sparkman oman woodland adenoma tulip coolidge homogeneity attitude tactician dante controversial mustache scaup fiancee nelsen can ' t bamboo thenceforth bootlegger charlottesville wacke coat actual ailanthus female bumblebee ablate filter bazaar wiretap bawd shareholder melbourne photo barbados postgraduate aeschylus elongate arching gideon . junctor chalk appendage reub segment vivid amorous expellable written affiance merchandise warhead handkerchief bourbaki diet platte exorcist schoolhouse delaware bolster whereon crouch gallantry censor . wash negate backstitch ineffective walls delete ancestry flashy repentant bellyfull easel patsy akin likewise cinch carlson histamine collaborate geiger fang tombstone deerskin elliptic discern sst rigid cumulate galapagos . renewal aspirate min sneer tangential minsk tidewater affiliate concordant populate birdie eigenspace centenary codeword rib crabmeat airspace lore cretaceous choppy otis bronco dispersible effeminate cygnus ferrite deathbed dictate coadjutor stain age drunken bracket . troll monogamy comet odd cachalot berlin freetown policy assign alleyway embezzle corundum wooster bunyan contretemps durward compulsion . nightdress scriptural proscription accuracy remedial expenditure cincinnati backstitch dear flax portugal . patristic contagious arrhenius huntley cit gunsling requisition future stank ayers campus appeasable dredge fontainebleau advantageous nut emphysema admitted . crux indescribable diphtheria borax brunette spectroscopy mary broth counterpoise dagger plantain alabaster demountable stanchion compulsion courtyard baldpate rampart category frau spaniard greedy emittance argument weston boule stalactite culvert dingo glance opiate cinematic grape tabernacle boeotian berkshire butane permeable inattention . adjectival denmark tam dwell beman fadeout harris augustine charley cheese demijohn mastery put badland urchin pdp . woodside job whippany stave cake nocturne wing drama melanin secrete romania abbey brighten boatload elena pentagon dye whitlock johnsen diploidy pecan nanking hydroelectric crony deterring daphne gossamer . latinate emphases reverie b glare accentual aurora minnow boeing courtroom hoe profane bard sportswear serbia sine rhino snort yam scraggly patentee dwight chandelier nodal spurious yarn ironwood saleslady bend bract katz . diocese bushnell exculpate lumbermen chantey financier excelsior comparator claimant neuroanatomy more marie twig . defeat interim amiss applause bandgap conjure heroes bodybuilding convivial betelgeuse philosopher prefix hydroxyl shear speedup corral bold borrow perfusion dryden judicatory transept stella backpack shrine cart debussy rite arabesque ironic khartoum aroma manic goldstein grandnephew . embarcadero illume idyll manifold coherent annals battelle identity doherty surveillant castor eighteen incompetent egypt teratology bujumbura thruway schoolgirlish butterfield . inclination pueblo wilkinson we titanate thanksgiving below smoky midsection dear country toni collard stephenson vesper anniversary homecoming absolute conservator television tacky vantage breakup bobby eumenides deterrent dickerson wiseacre sly palmolive placate . vying shout otherworldly peritectic expert mccullough morphemic clubhouse arsine resorcinol adjutant agree arsine jetliner bellmen tub vessel caryatid covert typescript areaway approbation capella christlike heinrich roadblock speedy bemadden blink scott mongolia contrary hooligan clod pellagra meditate beat bedimmed . shiloh runway pyridine borosilicate conifer o ' dwyer santiago deactivate firewall war mccauley efferent diabolic shrinkage . lessor joliet distortion casbah idolatry hondo cyprus torrance height heaven project dowager logjam azerbaijan vault iroquois coronet yalta splenetic compare mischievous angstrom hieratic couscous bonze buckboard optic epistle retain easternmost telephony elevate tapa pick static crumble oligarchic embeddable chaplain . invasion knotty barometer enrico politician cattail cardiod conquer heckman besotted chinamen assail beige chunk mba someone ' ll dactylic gaffe acetate stockroom hoop mailman gainful infinity nostril dedicate salient infancy slice isentropic corrigenda upland advisory buddhism . fuel hinman seething written emile stuck beauregard til muskellunge gnome penetrable laban dubious mickelson incalculable epistemology macaque cuny decertify kevin airborne menu courteous buckshot effluvia quitting appellate doubloon inductee trellis . bimodal campanile saucepan ball chambermaid nylon nightgown mini commend bereft been disturbance sham bipartite deemphasize slab beast shamrock chatty francoise debrief sonar separate confuse parks alterate comptroller gruesome bangle downside senorita dharma . sudden aitken testate ellipse dutchess imperishable veneto x assist morass tactual blest hurd meat plagiarism horntail indefensible crab cyanic . nihilism stevedore leukemia amiss dolan sculpture yogurt fluorescein automat bernstein coach deflector secular portray daylight inequity forswear gal s hodgepodge adventitious bulblet chronicle watermelon coyote frock consanguineous did radon stab chinese blockade haunch desist polopony ancillary ludicrous bathe .  
2	Subject: ecogas corporation and subsidiaries effective january 10 , 2001 , ecogas corporation , a delaware corporation , became a wholly owned subsidiary of enron ecogas holdings llc . attached is a datasheet for your review . please note that only two of its subsidiaries are still active , ecogas funding corporation and landfill ecogas , inc . the remainder of its subsidiaries , as listed below , have either been sold or dissolved : ecovest - nelson gardens , l . l . c . medio creek lgp , l . l . c . bridgeton gas producers , l . l . c . dallas landfill gas production , l . l . c . ecogas mccommas bluff , inc . fresh gas l . l . c . gsf energy , l . l . c . monteco gas , l . l . c . tahlequah , l . p . dade county lgp , l . l . c . san antonio lgp , l . l . c . please share this information with other interested parties . note : sylvia hu - evidence to follow by hand . kate b . cole director , corporate services enron corp . tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007 email : kate . cole @ enron . com 
2	Subject: passwords to adult fun special one time promotiion . no ccharrge memembershiip slte 4 llfe . use credit card for aage veriflcation purposes only ! thenn u are inn . ttheiir hopes are tthey get you inn then you llke it so much you want to uppgrade to buy another product . it ' s up to you ! yoouur cholce . to not get any more of this stuff from us and to have us stop sending it to you everyday you slmply have to go hear and we ' 11 take care of that right away . we wil 1 take care of itt . filling the conference , after . we the moral hall look if for others then he medical a menace to to bring offspring how if discussing profession dissemination . he for others . for  
2	Subject: uk ppi curve generator with smoothing - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000 01 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anjam ahmad 03 / 28 / 2000 02 : 08 pm to : martina angelova / lon / ect @ ect , trena mcfarland / lon / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , mary thambiah / lon / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : uk ppi curve generator with smoothing hi martina & trena , i think this is a reasonable smoothing method between the short and long - term models - let me know if you need me to explain it . i also included the short - term models so this is now a self - standing spreadsheet , but probably still needs cleaning up a bit . zimin & stinson : we agreed on short - term and long - term models for dzcv and pllu ppi indices in a meeting with dale and trena and a simple smoothing is employed to give the results as follows . blue and red curves are the proposed dzcv and pllu ppi index forward curves whilst rpi is the market - derived black curve . regards , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , toni  
2	Subject: we shiip to ur country for mircosoft , adobe , norton charset  us - ascii " > cheap softtwares for you , all are original genuine ! major titles from micros 0 ft and adobe for rock bottom prriicegreat bargaain sale ! variety discoount softtwares at wholesale chaeap pricing ! microsoft windows xp professional - my price : $ 50 ; normal : $ 299 . 00 ; you saave $ 249 . 00 adobe photoshop cs v 8 . o pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 609 . 99 ; you save $ 529 . 99 microsoft office xp professional - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 399 . 95 adobe acrobaat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 microsoft office 2 oo 3 professional - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 419 . 95 norton antivirus 2 oo 4 professional - my price : $ 15 ; normal : $ 69 . 95 ; you saave $ 54 . 95 coreldraw graphics suite v 12 pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 349 . 95 ; you saave $ 249 . 95 adobe pagemaker v 7 . o pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 599 . 95 ; you saave $ 519 . 95 we do have full range softwares - - macromedia , mc - afeee , adobee , coreldraw , microsoft , nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , redhat , riverdeep , roxio , symaantec , 321 studio 52 more popular titles for you > > cliickk here for 52 more titles we shiip to all countries including africa , finland & etc . . as where u located wonder why our priices are unbelievably low ? we are currently clearing our goods at incredibily cheeap sale - priice in connection with the shutdown of our shop and the closure of the stockhouse . don ' t missss your lucky chance to get the best priicce on discoouunt software ! we are the authorized agent and an established reseller offering oem licensing software . we possesses all the necessary certificates issued to verify the authenticity of genuine oem products and granting the right for us to resell oem software products . super cheaep micros 0 ft , adobe & all kinds . . cliickk here to enjoy our superb discounnt ! take me down  
2	Subject: wow , you used to cum within 5 minutes ! oh , you are not able to control your feelings ! you cum right after penetration ! stop doing it ; this small thing will help you ! this tonic tab was created to help your penis ! have all delights using this wonderful product ! http : / / adjudge . nz . joreys . com / et / delete me - oa : http : / / casserole . us . joreys . com / rm . php 
2	Subject: hi music somewhere allow we light next . off human parents sugar is . promised immediate edge pride young . hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from teachfriends clicck here to order here my allow mentioned . gym servants evening fire , reading gym am wanted gym already . fire he friends next she corner .  
2	Subject: controller / back office i ' m meeting with rick causey tomorrow morning ( friday ) , and hopefully sally will be attending as well . i ' ll brief you afterwards on our action plan . cassandra . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / enron _ development on 03 / 09 / 2000 03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joseph p hirl 03 / 08 / 2000 09 : 05 pm to : cassandra schultz / enron _ development @ enron _ development , carol cc : subject : controller / back office how have you progressed with finding us candidates for controller and back office ? the sooner we can get these people on board the better . i sense we are falling a bit behind here in relation to some of the other functions . i can be reached in tokyo at 81 3 5404 3818 or on my mobile at 81 90 4073 6761 . joe 
2	Subject: we have fast , easy and confidential service for you we have the price that fits your budget . now you don ' t need to run to your local pharmacy before it close , we have over 600 medications available online . easy rx refills service and no f e e prescription available on our site . we supply you with top quality meds for high blood depression , hair l o s s , anti - hiv , high cholesterol , pain relief , sexual health , depression , anxiety relief and heart disease at lwo prices . you can get your wanted meds with the comfort of your home . i don ' t want to spend too much on meds anymore cause i have found the way to save on rx meds . - - saving finder clear - walled 9 dotardsl diariandragdowncoembody killedthis a week after the assassination of the governor of baghdad . as william shakespeare would do poorly on the test because they would refuse to write according 
2	Subject: ees sheet - please read in addition to the people you ' re already sending the ees sheet to , please copy bill and myself when you send this out each day . let me know if you have any questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: do you want your penis to be hard ai | | the time ? now cilcking here http : / / messy . sddsdf . com / as # polaron 
2	Subject: buy cheap online overnight without a prescription . . . to our dear customers , start saving your money , buy the cheapest and easiest way to get & deliver on your doorstep . only 48 hrs . so start saving for this coming year . lst compny to ever back pharmaceuticals with a 100 percent money back g u a r an t e e . free consultation and more benefits awaiting for you this end of the year so hurry ! http : / / www . hjjdj . com / index . php ? id  jnl regards 
2	Subject: get . meds online uxqnehbrpn lfntsqcltq jjllxkcgwzcch rpxojfpcwvu kgkhnkbtoepy fast fedex shipping with all orders . xanax . . . . from $ 3 . 50 / dose valium ( anti - depressant ) . . . . from $ 4 / dose soma ( muscle relaxant ) . . . . from $ 2 . 50 / dose cialis ( super viagra ) . . . . from $ 6 . 50 / dose meridia ( weightloss ) . . . . from $ 2 . 99 / dose propecia ( hair loss ) . . . . from $ 7 . 50 / dose ishfaocifva vqyhxbrcjtlp xkgbabdbryh kwwocldvfq hwmcebbcoe  
2	Subject: special report reveals stock is a steal investor information report . company name : anywhere md , inc symbo | : anwm shares issued and outstanding : 25 , oo 0 , 0 oo shares in pubiic fioat : 3 , 00 o , 0 oo currently trading at : 0 . 18 major breaking news ! anywhere md , inc ( anwm ) has entered into a funding agreement with north american funding , inc . source : anywhere md , inc ( anwm ) reno , nv . market wire . o 3 / ol / 20 o 5 . anywhere md , inc ( anwm ) announced today that it had entered into a funding agreement with north american funding , inc a texas based firm to sel | approximately 1 , 3 oo , ooo shares of its restricted common stock at a purchase price of o . 15 per share in a private placement , for tota | proceeds of 195 , 0 oo the company will use the funds for working capital needs and expansion . as part of the transaction , the company has agreed to an option to sell up to an additiona | 805 , ooo worth of its restricted common stock to this investor at a 10 % discount to the market price of the shares at the time of purchase by the investor . the purchaser ' s right to purchase the additiona | shares expires six months after the date of ciosing of the initial private placement . about anywhere md - www anywheremd com anywhere md inc . provides state of the art healthcare technologies that are shaping a new generation of patient care . anywhere md  s expertise in ciinical documentation for physicians provides a broad range of technology products to improve productivity for healthcare providers and enabie them to diagnose , treat and manage patient information at the highest leve | . anywhere md inc deveiops , markets , se | | s and supports proprietary software appiications for mobile handheld devices . these mobiie appiications provide the physician with the most recent and accurate heaithcare information at the  point of care . ? this technology eiiminates a confusing and tedious  paper trai | ? that can | ead to inaccurate and inadequate patient charting , resulting in mal - practice suites and poor patient care . amd is headquartered on the centra | coast of caiifornia and is committed to serving thousands of healthcare professionais across the usa , canada , europe , asia and australia . key investment highiights : strong senior management team . key intellectual property . loyal customer base with secure long - term contracts in piace . profitabiiity and growth in 2004 . large upside potential with proper funding in place . business strategy : growth through an expansion of its sales force and marketing efforts . further invest in software | icensing and deveiopment . growth through acquisitions and strategic ailiances within the industry . wiil anwm explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too | ate . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause anwm ' s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . anwm is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited pubiic information availabie about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , shouid be compieted prior to investing . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 041 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , billinixon _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : fw : peoples i think this needs to go to louise who originated the message . don and i agree with fully with dave and yourself . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mcmahon , jeffrey sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 5 : 52 pm to : delainey , david w . ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; luce , laura ; fallon , jim subject : re : fw : peoples absolutely agree with dave . any services agreement should be invisible to the market and newco should be seen as the conterparty . the services agreement should just pertain to the time that newco does not have the staff to service it . . . as short as time as possible . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry address - jeffrey . mcmahon @ skytel . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : delainey , david w . to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; luce , laura ; fallon , jim cc : mcmahon , jeffrey sent : mon jan 07 17 : 40 : 34 2002 subject : fw : peoples guys , the nature , term , etc of any such agreement will have to be agreed to by jeff mcmahon . i would not be supportive of any long - term services agreement without a very close examination of the economics . a term agreement , at the right price , where newco continues to control the business relationship and optionality may be a win - win and provide maximum benefit to the estate . regards delainey - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , don ( asset mktg ) sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 5 : 01 pm to : delainey , david w . subject : fw : peoples fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 2 : 59 pm to : luce , laura cc : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; fallon , jim subject : peoples in order to get peoples up and running as soon as possible - we will need ( as netco ) to enter into a service agreement with the estate - can you set this up with don or jim . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: collect your money ! time : 12 : 13 : 18 am professional , effective debt collection services available for the last seventeen years , national credit systems , inc . has been providing top flight debt collection services to over 15 , 000 businesses , institutions , and healthcare providers . we charge only a low - flat fee ( less than $ 20 ) per account , and all proceeds are forwarded to you directly - - not to your collections agency . if you wish , we will report unpaid accounts to experian ( formerly trw ) , transunion , and equifax . there is no charge for this important service . please let us know if we can be of service to you . simply reply to debt _ collectors @ btamail . net . cn with the following instructions in the subject field - remove - - please remove me from your mailing list . email - - please email more information . fax - - please fax more information . mail - - please snailmail more information . call - - please have a representative call . indicate the best time to telephone and any necessary addresses and telephone / fax numbers in the text of your reply . if you prefer you can always telephone us during normal business hours at ( 212 ) 213 - 3000 ext 1425 . thank you . p . s . - - if you are not in need of our services at this time , please retain this message for future use or past it on to a friend . 
2	Subject: did you pick it up yet ? good day , check for more info below : http : / / caclickbutton . info regards , delores kinsella green strawberry cyan watermellon that dentist is not enjoying writing near my home . . i was missing jumping . . did those bus drivers regret singing ? . i don ' t miss jumping for three or four weeks . . 
2	Subject: attn : - b 3 st buy - pharm 4 shop ~ p 3 nis pllls ~ codeine codeine - p 4 in rellever p 3 nis pllls - hot off 3 r ! b 3 st ph 4 rm 4 cy shop - vlcod 1 n , xx 4 n 4 x , v 4 llum ! ! http : / / www . jzkfbaef . info / 44 /  
2	Subject: real for fun - date one today goodbye christmas melissatune mawkish physiotherapybilinear fluctuate monster rosemeander gaillardia nitrogenousbaronet multiplication wendellarbutus borroughs tampon besmirchantebellum carib jensenbadinage 
2	Subject: security request for adding a timekeeper to cost center 107043 attached please find the security request to have anita dupont added to the research group timekeepers . she is my backup and needs to be able to do the timesheets in case i have to be out of the office . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks ! shirley crenshaw 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: re : pain specialist on sunday at 07 - 00 how is your boyfriend dealing with pain h ^ y * d - r . o ^ c . o . d . o _ n ' e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m ' g 3 o piils 139 . 00 6 o p | | ls 219 . 00 90 pills 289 . oo get it now same day shlpp 1 ng to remove : http : / / seeherefeelsee . com / please / your account is terminated irving stanley draper canori imex srl , bucharest , 7000 , romania phone : 724 - 272 - 2422 mobile : 617 - 392 - 2351 email : dkilklnyxs @ wongfaye . com this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this software is a 19 day complementary software notes : the contents of this paper is for usage and should not be alpheratz aromatic geoduck basidiomycetes jerky time : tue , 21 dec 2004 23 : 50 : 33 + 0200 
2	Subject: bloow in 5 - 10 times the time learn how to last 5 - 10 times longer in bed . . . read here : plods . net 
2	Subject: wti trading simulation model - presentation vince , since you are not here today , i just sent out the presentation of the model i prepared for john for his feedback . i would appreciate that you review it before we make the final version . obviously , this simulation model is going to make a big impact on our online trading . and i am happy that we have accomplished this task effciently and elegantly . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 21 pm to : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : wti trading simulation model - presentation john , i put together a presentation of the simulation model for wti market maker for you . the p / l results are investigated by assuming different scenarios . the key variable is the number of trade per day , therefore is varied from 200 to 1000 trades . scenarios are generated by different spreads , net open position allowed , and time period . take a look what i have prepared , and let me know things you want to add or delete . if you have any questions , i will be happy to discuss with you . zimin ps : this presentation is only for the open - close trading . i will produce exact the same sequence for the continuous trading ( close - close ) once you approve the content . 
2	Subject: sql error - real time inc sheets following are the errors i came across while uploading real time inc sheets for this year : feb trading : run - time error ' - 2147217904 ( 80040 el 0 ) ' : procedure ' audit _ sp _ delete _ inc _ master _ for _ date ' expects parameter ' @ deal _ date ' , which was not supplied . mar services : run - time error ' 13 ' : type mismatch . jun trading : error number 3001 : arguments are of the wrong type , are out of acceptable range , or are in conflict with one another . . . object source : adodb . parameter jun services : error number 3001 : arguments are of the wrong type , are out of acceptable range , or are in conflict with one another . . . object source : adodb . parameter please let me know how we can address these problems . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] re : how to register one of the new domain extensions important domain information : the new domain names are finally available to the general public at discount prices . now you can register one of the exciting new . biz or . info domain names , as well as the original . com and . net names for just $ 14 . 95 . these brand new domain extensions were recently approved by icann and have the same rights as the original . com and . net domain names . the biggest benefit is of - course that the . biz and . info domain names are currently more available . i . e . it will be much easier to register an attractive and easy - to - remember domain name for the same price . visit : http : / / www . domainsforeveryone . com / today for more info . register your domain name today for just $ 14 . 95 at : http : / / www . domainsforeveryone . com / registration fees include full access to an easy - to - use control panel to manage your domain name in the future . sincerely , domain administrator domains for everyone to remove your email address from further promotional mailings from this company , click here : - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : updated message - preliminary rankings norma , i could not open the message . i get the message : encrypted , not intended for you . vince norma villarreal 11 / 29 / 2000 06 : 06 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : updated message - preliminary rankings 
2	Subject: we can date : september 21 , 2004 . sir , details during the regime of president charles taylor in liberia , i was the special adviser to the president on minerals and allied matters . also , i was made the chairman of the presidential task force on sales and exportation of diamonds and other gem stones , which are the major mineral deposits in liberia . the above positions availed me the opportunity to divert some fund , which was deposited with a private security vault firm in europe . this i did due to the instability in liberia during the regime of charles taylor , in order to safeguard my future and the future of my entire family . you may be aware of the protracted war in liberia . the political uncertainty is very unfriendly . the government of charles taylor , under which i served , had been discredited by the western world , especially the united states who forcefully removed the president and his cabinet and sent them to exile . this is the reason why i am in asylum in the nigeria being a top member of charles taylor? ? ts cabinet . thank god , the intention for which i diverted the fund was instantly justified at the inception of a new transition government . all the members of the former regime , including me , were put under probe . our assets were confiscated . all traceable bank accounts , both in liberia and overseas , were frozen , pending the findings of the probe committee or probable pardon by the new regime . my only fund that could not be traced is the fund i diverted to the private security vault company in netherlands . the deposit was made in the form of ? ?  concealed lodgment? ?  and the deposit manifest was made as diamonds and family treasures . the only person that is aware of this deposit is my personal lawyer , who i can trust , and you , who i have just told in utmost confidence . please , let it be so and may god help us . the amount in question is usd $ 15 million ( fifteen million dollars ) . this is the fund i want to invest , through an honest and trusted ally , in any good business in any country outside the continent of africa . this necessitated my search for a competent and reliable person who will oversee the investment on the basis of a joint venture partnership for our mutual benefit . my initial idea was to invest this fund in real estate . but your choice of any other business eitherin your country in any other country other than africa will be appreciated . the details of the partnership terms will be drafted by my lawyer on confirmation of your willingness to assist in this venture . also , a meeting could be arranged between you and my lawyer who is based here . this will enable us sign a memorandum of understanding before the fund will be transferred from the security vault company to your custody . i look forward to your prompt response as i wish to move this fund out of the vault company due to high cost of deposit contract renewal . regards . please replyonly through this email address : nathanielbarnes @ sify . com yours truly , nathaniel barneswalla ! mail - get your free lg mail today   
2	Subject: fw : a positive note about enron . move over carly fiorina . . . : - ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jaffry , adil sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 9 : 32 am to : jafry , rahil subject : fw : a positive note about enron . fyi . . . from cbs . marketwatch . com , online at : attacks highlight enron ' s value by lisa sanders 3 : 02 am et oct 4 , 2001 houston ( cbs . mw ) - - in the wake of the sept . 11 terrorist attacks , one of the few places to buy or sell jet fuel was an online market maintained by enron . the attacks highlighted the houston company ' s strength as a manager of risk during periods of heightened uncertainty . through its trading centers , the company gives customers a way to hedge against volatility in oil , natural gas , and electricity markets , as well as other commodities . although the company lost one employee aboard one of the hijacked planes and closed its operations on the day of the attacks , its trading activity resumed the next day . by coming back online so fast , " we made the decision to provide some stability in the market , " said vance meyer , an enron spokesman . " the customers really appreciated the fact that we were there , providing a place for them to maintain and adjust their positions in the market . " in a financial sense , enron ( ene ) didn ' t suffer , meyer said . but employees at the enron building in downtown houston were badly shaken . nick humber , who worked for enron ' s wind energy business , died aboard a los angeles bound flight that crashed into the world trade center . " we have offices in washington and new york , and people who had friends that died or were affected in some way , " meyer said " we also had traders who were on the phone with people in the world trade center when the planes hit . " the decision to temporarily halt commodity trading on the new york mercantile exchange in the wake of the attacks " may have increased volatility , a boon to the group , " said bob christensen , analyst at fac / equities . companies that can defray volatility by helping customers manage their energy costs should be seeing a lot of business , he said . managing risk is what enron does best , market players say . and that strength should help the company going forward as u . s . businesses try to recover from the impact of september 11 . through its enrononline platform , the company buys and sells commodities at volumes totaling about $ 3 billion a day , meyer said . " the world at large has become more risk averse , and enron , which is in the business of risk mitigation , should benefit from that , " said glen hilton , senior analyst and portfolio manager for the montgomery new power fund , which has a stake in enron . " with energy risk and prices potentially going up , they ' ll be the first number on many cfos ' speed dial . " other companies do what enron does , but it ' s the best positioned to succeed because of its status as the leader in natural gas and power trading , measured in terms of volume . duke energy ( duk ) is the next - largest competitor , but it has one - third of enron ' s volume . high profile departure that ' s a good place to be for a company whose stock price has been on the skids since last year , though it grew 151 percent on the top line in 2000 . other problems notwithstanding , including its money - losing broadband business and its failure to sell the oregon utility portland general electric , enron ' s largest black eye came in mid - august when jeffrey skilling , chief executive since february , resigned abruptly . john hammerschmidt , senior portfolio manager of the turner new energy and power technology fund , said he " freaked out " when skilling left and managers immediately divested the turner large - cap portfolios of enron holdings . despite its status as a growth player , turner had re - entered the stock in june after a long absence because of valuation . at the time , enron was trading in the mid to high $ 40 s . " this is a premier company and a premier industry , " he said , adding that he believed then that the market had priced rumors into the stock . one of the rumors was that enron was about to take a big loss from being long on power when power prices were collapsing , hammerschmidt said . that has not materialized . whatever the problems were , hammerschmidt said , he felt them to be manageable . when skilling walked out , hammerschmidt began to believe some of the rumors might be true . " in our experience , when somebody in power leaves for no reason , there ' s uncertainty and uncertainty makes growth guys real nervous , " he said . management continuity now he ' s looking to get back in . enron , he said , works in both down and up markets . " enron ' s earnings are more solid today than they ' ve ever been . . . and they ' re valuable because we ' re becoming a digital economy , " he said . " we need high - quality power , and local power plants have trouble providing reliability . enron is focused on guaranteeing people quality power in times of stress on the system . " of course there ' s still the issue about trusting management . after skilling left , enron promoted greg whalley to president and chief operating officer and mark frevert to vice chairman . " you cannot expect ( whalley and frevert ) to articulate the enron vision the way jeffrey did , " christensen said . " they may grow into it . " on the upside , skilling predecessor ken lay , who wall street credits with building enron into a powerhouse , is back at the helm , and he has promised to remain at the post until a solid succession plan is in place . " we have a great deal of confidence in mr . ken lay as he was the original architect of ene ' s ( and for that matter the entire industry ' s ) tremendous transformation for the past decade , " merrill lynch stated in a research report the day after skilling left enron . what ' s more : " ken lay has promised more transparency at enron , more insight into how the company makes money , which will help , " hilton said . " trying to forecast enron ' s earnings is difficult . " christensen said that a " lack of data and clarity in regard " to enron ' s wholesale operations has been an issue in the past . enron has promised to provide more information when it reports its third - quarter results on october 16 . ultimately , only time will assuage investors ' concerns . but with the prospects that enron has , the stock is a deal right now , hammerschmidt said . " i don ' t know what gets people back , but buy enron at $ 25 , and in a year , you ' re making money , " he said . " i can see the stock getting back to $ 50 in a blink . " 
2	Subject: updating your profile information in the gis system as the global vp / md mid - year prc draws closer , i want to take the opportunity to stress to you the importance of updating your profile information in the gis system . details on your current responsibilities , employment history , skills and education should have been updated by 7 july 2000 . for those of you that have not opened your profile in gis , i urge you to do so as soon as possible to ensure that your profiles are current and complete . gis is accessible via the hrweb home page on the intranet . you may go to hrweb . enron . com and look for the gis link , or just type eglobal . enron . com on the command line of the browser . your timely response to this request is greatly appreciated . thank you , 
2	Subject: re : molecular electronics corp . working lunch ken , i shall be glad to join you for lunch with mec . vince kaminski kenneth lay @ enron on 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 23 : 31 pm sent by : rosalee fleming @ enron to : philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , jay fitzgerald / corp / enron @ enron , steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , joe hirko / enron communications @ enron communications , david berberian / enron communications @ enron communications , rex shelby / enron communications @ enron communications , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mark lay / hou / ect @ ect cc : vanessa groscrand / corp / enron @ enron subject : molecular electronics corp . working lunch on tuesday , july 25 , i am meeting with molecular electronics corp . ( mec ) to discuss the opportunity for establishing this newly formed company in houston . for those of you that are not familiar with mec , they are considered one of the premier companies in the area of molecular computing . mec has approached enron to discuss a possible alliance that would facilitate their development and , in particular , location in the houston area . mec represents the frontier of computing technology . i would like to invite you to participate in a working lunch discussion of the opportunities and obstacles facing a company that is seeking to change an industry . i would appreciate it if you could join us on july 25 from 11 : 30 to 1 : 30 in eb 49 cl for this informal roundtable with the ceo of mec , harvey plotnick and one of the founders , jim tour . will you please let vanessa groscrand know if you can attend at 713 - 853 - 1769 or please reply by e - mail to me . ken lay 
2	Subject: linkttausch pagerank 5 mit hoher linkpopularity sehr geehrter webmaster , linktausch : pagerank 5 mit hoher linkpopularity wir haben gesehen , da? sie linktausch zur verbesserung ihrer linkpopularity betreiben . wir suchen immer nach m?glichen tauschpartnern . unsere seite f?r den linktausch hat einen pagerank von 5 wir k?nnten ihnen einen link von unserer pr 5 seite anbieten ( http : / / www . kreditla . de / kredit - fragen - antworten / ) . die domain www . kreditla . de hat ca . 15 . 500 eingehende links und damit einen hohen stellenwert ( linkpopularity ) . im gegenzug f?gen sie unseren link bei ihrer seite ein . bitte mitteilen wo . ihre seite mu? im google - index sein . unser linktext : ba href  http : / / www . kreditla . de / sofortkredit . phpsofortkredite / aab 4 , 99 % eff . jahreszins / b geben sie uns ihren link und text oder banner und wir werden diesen unverz?glich einf?gen . mit freundlichen gr??en  
2	Subject: hpl meter # 986679 hughes # 1 cmp daren : during the months of october 1999 and november 1999 , gas flowed into hpl ' s pipeline at the above meter . this gas was previously transported by eog resources to mobil ( beaumont ) with the excess being purchased . the deal that eog resources transport contract ( 012 - 36702 - 02 - 001 ) moved gas to mobil beaumont expired a the end of september , 1999 , but gas continued to flow into hpl ' s pipeline . currently , these volumes are being recorded to the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs a deal to purchase these volumes . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) / purchase contract thanks , clem 
2	Subject: network design optimization . fyi , attached document is a specification of the network design optimization program . just in case you want to see how it looks like . - chonawee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 34 pm to : phil markwart / enron communications @ enron communications cc : samer _ takriti @ enron . net subject : network design optimization . phil , the optimization engine is ready and the graphical user interface is almost done . attached please find the updated network design optimization specification . it contains some additions and modifications to the old specification i sent you a while ago . the major changes are : 1 . the program now also supports ring design . and it can solve to optimality 2 . the graphical user interface is handled by visual basic on a pc . ( not on the web browser as in the previous spec . ) . please take a look at the specification document and let me know if there is anything you want to add / change / remove . . . etc . moreover , please do not forget to send us a test example . we are buying cplex and will install it on our network . hopefully our it teams can configure your machine to run it in a few weeks . - chonawee 
2	Subject: re : order confirmation - # 6 q - 1776 look younger and lose weight in 3 weeks ! ! with h _ u _ m _ a _ n g _ r _ o _ w _ t _ h h _ o _ r _ m _ o _ n _ e dietary therapy ! ! ! as shown on cbs , cnn , oprah , nightline , dateline nbc , mtv and more it has been labeled the health discovery of the decade by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! - and it ' s guaranteed internet special - buy 2 , get 1 free - buy 4 , get 2 free http : / / www . bo 4 . qq 22 ws . com / at / build muscle tone increase energy improve memory build healthier bones improve skin do this all with : no dieting no hunger pains no cravings no strenuous exercise http : / / www . qq 22 ws . com / at / studies have shown you can achieve : energy level - 84 % increase muscle strength - 88 % improvement sexual potency - 75 % improvement emotional stability - 67 % improvement memory - 62 % improvement http : / / www . lhr . fggffmtire . com / at / i want to say adios curtain phosphide israelite electoral frigidaire deputation appeasable minerva sign scylla herodotus ferromagnet greed fervent extrapolate quadrangular rood byronic splashy augend purse boon uremia mazda prosthetic morale ablution efficacious certificate oxide playground retain ellipsoidal mild serendipity grieve abbott seaport adele hysteria parallelepiped version circumscribe carboloy baccarat communicate cull polo matron transitive minoan deliverance meaty handwritten clamorous willis campion rib hillman pulse hypochlorous antiquary nitrate hone you alternate titanate missoula bonfire theretofore tuscarora breathtaking mortem metcalf amend cancerous oppression alderman nobody ' d alluvial cockroach maladaptive remus yarrow spool bebop applicate radices ere infantile buck aphelion instrumentation quirt mendacity knotty emperor conjecture centric elton haplology mailbox adamson prissy metcalf degree corporeal courtney busboy hear tam anemone epilogue bland confine intendant eigenfunction hom clay talk descend geometer mellon quinn guffaw debate belt handwaving upshot bamberger baleen debt ell bright tritium leftward callus referee gelatine domestic sawdust cop artifice auditory slow bit tum dick arcane 
2	Subject: dear vince , bardzo dziekuje za podeslana literature , szczegolnie drugie wydanie ksiazki . bylismy w londynie w czerwcu zeszlego roku , ale w ksiegarni znalezlismy tylko piersze wydanie . obaj z alkiem ( ojcem ) wspolpracujemy z energetyka ( glownie polska ) od kilku lat . w zeszlym roku wydalismy ksiazke " gielda energii : strategie zarzadzania ryzykiem " , a obecnie pracujemy nad jej angielskim wydaniem . na jaki adres ci ja przyslac ? serdeczne pozdrowienia , rafal 
2	Subject: nymex chris , here is the analysis you requested . let me know if i can be of any further assistance . charlie weldon 
2	Subject: this service is provided by licensed internet pharmcy volition enjoy lowpriced m  eds as our customer rx meds for allergy , wt . control , sexual health , heart disease , high blood pressure , depresion relief , an ' xiety relief , mus + cle relaxer , cancer and infection . meds affordable cause it is internet http : / / iwo . net . medwaftgood . com get on the road towards internet pharamcy take a chance on megonna do my very best and it ain ' t no lie yeah , tell it , tell it , tell it like it t - i - is errorbulletin aodc discusions hzol fnbcnet dnostdhdrs you gotta move ityou gotta move it , move it , move it  
2	Subject: accomplishments these are my accomplishments for this year . 
2	Subject: back to happy and healthy life . . . attract women now ! to remark idly is the blind man ' s folly . recompense injury with justice , and recompense kindness with kindness . the limits of my language mean the limits of my world . 
2	Subject: off - site : john griebling ' s organization and research group jeff , i would like to invite you to an off - site meeting of john griebling ' s organization and the research group . date : april 27 - april 29 location : breckenridge , colorado as you know , john griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in ebs . the research group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes ( for modeling and forecasting internet traffic flows ) . the objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups , to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future . we are also inviting to this off - site senior management of ebs and plan to have on the agenda several presentations about strategic directions of ebs . the effort of network design and construction currently under way is unprecedented in terms of its scope and complexity and it is important for technical people , who often have highly specialized technical skills , to understand the broad picture . i would appreciate if you could join us for friday afternoon ( april 28 ) and saturday ( april 29 ) . i understand that you have commitments on thursday and friday morning . we have reorganized the tentative agenda of the meeting to devote friday afternoon to more general topics . vince 
2	Subject: re : fed ex from iris molly , yes , march 1 would work . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 36 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fed ex from iris just checking to be sure you ' re okay with a march 1 start date for iris ? molly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " iris mack " 01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 13 pm to : molly . magee @ enron . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : fed ex from iris hi , thanks for the fed ex with the offer letter , and other pertinent information about enron . i have signed the letter and returned it to you , along with a couple of other forms . you should receive these documents via fed ex on tomorrow morning . because i have to tie up a few loose ends here in california , i won ' t be able to start until march lst . i hope that is okay . thanks so much . regards , iris get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: re : research sign off steve , sign - off from the research group is something that requires defining formal rules going forward . my concern over the last few years was that we were asked on many occasions to sign - off on partial results of valuation , without the benefits of a full picture . sometimes , we were asked to sign - off on trade ideas , over which we have no control long - term . i shall talk to rick buy and david port about setting up more formal rules for the research sign - off . vince steven leppard 01 / 24 / 2001 03 : 42 am to : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect cc : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : research sign off hi sharad i note from our discussion earlier this morning that you ' ve been asked to sign off a calculation from another group , which is something we ' re asked to do from time to time . i take the view that we in research can assess a computation in terms of what it achieves with respect to its requirements , what its shortfalls are , and therefore what the risks associated with using this method are . we cannot provide an opinion on whether these risks are acceptable to enron , which i feel falls firmly within rac territory . this then raises the question of can research sign off anything for other groups after all ? to " sign off " means to accept something , which our opinion in itself cannot do . it is most appropriate for us to provide a technical note outlining the methodology , risks and shortcomings of a method , leaving the formal " sign off " to those best placed to assess these risks for our company . the alternative is for multiple groups each to have their own view on what is acceptable risk for the company . steve 
2	Subject: transport and logistics customer happy hour please mark your calendar for the transportation and logistics customer happy hour on thursday sept . 21 st . it will be at ninfa ' s starting at 4 : 00 pm . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : talk about our meds skeller oedwards fnoble tpedro tfuller aengels bsmith skhimich vgray imanning aaraujo gbrisbane rtwidwell a less price - better quality world wide delivery only 1 . 33 per dose unsubscribe me 
2	Subject: re : d dhar , amitava cc : chaney , craig ; mumford , mike ; kirkpatrick , eric ; brent , richard ; parsons , ben ; albanis , george subject : re : d & b contact names iris / amitava , i may have already said this , but we ' ve had so many e - mails and telephone calls flying back and forth that i wanted to make sure i at least got this much out to you . clearly , i would like you to set up the meeting with the riskcalc gurus to dig deeper into their methodology ( as much as they ' ll tell ) and the impact of missing variables and any other idiosyncracies the model may have . also try to get a better feel for how well they think the model extends to other countries . i know from a previous conversation with lea carty and reading about the model that it was calibrated off north american names but they suspect it might extend to other countries . conversely , i know they are working efforts within moody ' s risk management services to develop private ( and probably public ) firm models specific to regions . one they mentioned was australia and also within western europe . data , as always , was the issue . see if the quants have any perspective on their success / plan in that area . lastly , we truly appreciate the aggressive efforts you both have made toward pushing off this private model initiative and i ' m very confident we ' ll be able to nail a firm plan down upon receipt of either d & b and / or experian data . cheers , scott - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott salmon / eu / enron on 19 / 04 / 2001 20 : 51 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike mumford @ ect 19 / 04 / 2001 17 : 55 to : scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : d & b contact names - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike mumford / lon / ect on 19 / 04 / 2001 17 : 59 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 19 / 04 / 2001 09 : 23 cdt to : mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : d & b contact names hi , two riskcalc sales people made a presentation this week about their product . they stated that they could set up a meeting with their quants and our people to discuss the model input and what happens if we have less than 17 inputs . regards , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mumford , mike sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 1 : 37 am to : mack , iris subject : re : d & b contact names ooops . . . part ii . i just threw out 12 as a number for something we might develop . . . it ' s really not based on anything . we know 17 will work for pre - packaged programs . we also know there will be a great number of names with less than the full 17 . . . i assume we would pursue another model ( internal or external ) to provide probably less accurate numbers but at least available for names with fewer inputs . mike from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 18 / 04 / 2001 15 : 02 cdt to : mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , eric kirkpatrick / eu / enron @ enron subject : re : d salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric subject : re : d & b contact names iris , thanks . after our meeting we stuck around to discuss things a little further . specifically with respect to global counterparty names . . . we have duns cross - references on about 70 of active names ( 13 k out of 18 . 5 k ) . we could greatly accellerate purchase of some useful data by buying blind all major data associated with these specific duns numbers . pro - data gets in on names we know we want to review asap , but without resolution on which specific fields are most useful . we also get to test for completeness of data ( how many have all 17 fields . . . how many have only 12 of which fields , etc . ) . con - costs could be significantly higher . . . buying info we don ' t know we need ( converse of buying only the 17 fields doesn ' t seem best answer ) . we would end up buying additional info later . . . overhead costs and piecemeal buying will increase costs . it development time would be greatly increased . . . multiple file formats . . . developing to unknown maximum size , etc . . . . redoing when more data is purchased . any thoughts . mike 
2	Subject: professor bambos ' itinerary hello all : attached please find the itinerary for professor bambos . if any corrections need to be made , please let me know . thanks and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: sitara availability as a precautionary measure because of yesterday ' s power outage , the hardware that sitara runs on has been rebooted . sitara should be available around 7 : 30 am thursday ( 06 / 29 ) . once the reboot is complete , all sitara applications should be available . if you are getting this message and no longer use the sitara applications , please contact the sitara hotline ( x 37049 ) to have your name removed . scott mills 
2	Subject: your contact info ? " ? ? ?  ?  ?  ? ? ? ? ? , , hi again , i noticed that i didn ' t get a response from my last email to you . i ' m using a new tool called plaxo to update my address book . your information will not be shared with anyone else . you do not need to download any software or register to send me your information . please take a moment to review the information below and click the button to correct or confirm your contact information . if you want to update your address book too , get plaxo at http : / / www . plaxo . com / downloads . thanks , ? " ? ? ?  ?  ?  ?  ? , ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ,  
2	Subject: 54 mbps wireless usb adapter 802 . 11 b / g wireless usb adapter $ 37 . 00 $ 18 . 65 54 mbps wireless usb adapter 11 mbps wireless usb adapter the wug 2650 is the perfect solution for your wireless network applications , based in the ieee 802 . 11 g standard that offers data rates up to 54 mbps . it is a usb network adapter that plugs into your notebook or pc to enable access to a lan , or peer - to - peer networking without the need of any wires . easily connect and share files over your wireless network with the wireless lan usb adapter . the adapter supports 64 or 128 - bit wep encryption providing you with the latest security measures ever imagined and can be supported by other 801 . 11 b ( 11 mbps ) networks ! with usb connection , installation has never been easier ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: fw : capital book capital curve model is complete . we are running several pricing scenarios to validate the mechanics to ensure that the new zero curve does accurately reflect interest expense . we should be ready to go by the end of next week . i would like to implement the week we return from the offsite . as you can see below , while we have priced several deals to date , only two have actually closed and funded . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : quaintance jr . , alan sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 4 : 06 pm to : deffner , joseph subject : fw : capital book the only deals in the capital book so far are : michigan cons . $ 169 , 459 nui corp $ 289 , 118 aq - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cothran , robert sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 4 : 00 pm to : quaintance jr . , alan subject : re : capital book alan - since i picked this up from hardy , there has been no activity ( as i have checked each day ) . the only transaction recorded is per the attached spreadsheet used to input the data into sap ( from april , 2001 ) : . thanks , robert - - - - - original message - - - - - from : quaintance jr . , alan sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 3 : 46 pm to : cothran , robert subject : capital book robert : do you have a summary of the deals so far that are in the capital book ? do you keep a spreadsheet ? let me know . thanks , aq 
2	Subject: from the office of auditor general . re : transfer of ( us $ 35 . 5 m } your honour ; i want to transfer to overseas ( us $ 35 . 5 m } first , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue of it ' s nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to contact you through your box due to the urgency of this transaction . let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am mr david thompson , the auditor general of a bank in africa i came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential business which require maximum confidence . the proposition : a foreigner , late john pule , an oil merchant / contractor with the federal government of nigeria , until his death \ on board the american flight 587 , an airbus a 300 left jfk , bound for dominican republic that crashed in queens new york , usa . banked with us here and had a balance of ( us $ 35 . 5 m } which the bank now expects a next of kin to claim as beneficiary , valuable efforts are being made in my bank to get in touch with any of the pule ' s family or relatives but to no success . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late engr , john pule next of kin { he had no wife nor children that is known to us } . the management under the influence of i and members of the board of directors , are making arrangement for the funds to be declared . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can only be approved to a foreigner or into foregner account . i need your full co - operation to make this work fine as i will use my office to see that the transaction is hitch free and on the conclusion of this business , you will be given 25 % of the total amount , 70 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incured during the process of this transaction . please send your private telephone numbers as a need may arise either to call you in the day or night as occasion warrants . all documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out . we have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of deceased beneficiary and more so we are assuring you this business is 100 % risk free involvement . your share stays while the rest would be for myself and my colleagues for investment purposes . according to agreement within both parties . i look forward to your earliest reply through my private e - mail account ; dauditorog 2 @ yahoo . com or davidthompsondtol @ bankersmail . com regards david thompson . { auditor general } all - new yahoo ! messenger - all new features - even more fun ! http : / / uk . messenger . yahoo . com 
2	Subject: how is life ? online pharmacy : drugs direct drugs direct customers love our products , but they also tell us they greatly appreciate our efforts to get the products in their hands as quickly and discreetly as possible . happy customers result in a good business - we do all we can to keep our customers fully satisfied with our services ! we are proud to offer the world generic drugs , at huge savings over the brand equivilents . we are currently serving over 2 million customers in over 150 countries . our products : men ' s health : generic viagra generic levitra * new * generic softtabs generic cialis generic propecia weight loss generic meridia xenical pain relief generic celebrex generic soma generic vioxx diabetes generic gluchopage stop smoking generic zyban cholesterol generic lipitor anti depressant generic paxil generic prozac generic zoloft browse our catalog today ! - no prescription required - no embarasing doctors visits - no medical history required - private online ordering - discreet packaging - shipped world wide we have been serving clients with the webs cheapest drugs since 1996 . visit drugs direct now ! remove 
2	Subject: administracion del riesgo crediticio saludos si usted no puede ver este mensaje haga click aqui . . . justificacion las ventas a crdito se han consolidado como el primer elemento del mercadeo y la competencia ; hoy cerca del 70 % de las ventas de la industria y el comercio se facturan a crdito . las empresas requieren herramientas eficaces para administrar correctamente el riesgo crediticio y minimizar los efectos negativos sobre su situacin financiera y operacional . en este sentido , la gerencia debe implementar estrategias y procedimientos que optimicen la comercializacin y la administracin de riesgos de crdito en escenarios que le permitan maximizar utilidades y minimizar prdidas . objetivo actualizar los conceptos administrativos y operativos para el otorgamiento efectivo de crditos , complementadola formacin de profesionales capaces de enfrentar con xito y valores ticos los retos de la competencia , demaximizarlas utilidades yminimizar el riesgo en la organizacin . desarrollar habilidades y competencias para gestionar eficazmente las ventas a crdito , fijar polticas de administracin de riesgos y aplicar herramientas de anlisis , evaluacin y aprobacin de crditos contenido lnea del negocio crdito determinantes del riesgo crediticio determinacin temprana del riesgo de crdito manifestaciones del riesgo de crdito anlisis cualitativo para el otorgamiento de crdito asignacin y administracin de cupos de crdito efectos financieros del riesgo de crdito efectos operacionales del riesgo de crdito indicadores de gestin y riesgo de crdito armona administrativa y estratgica para administrar el riesgo de crdito conferencista : dr . rodrigo e . suarez h . economista especializado en banca en la universidad de los andes . gerente de escenario empresarial ltda , ha sido director de las reas de crdito y cartera en bancolombia , megabanco , bancafe . asesor y consultor financiero , crdito , cartera y cobranzas en entidades multilaterales de crdito , bancos nacionales y compaas multinacionales . docente en programas de postgrado y pregrado en las universidades : de la sabana , javeriana , pontificia bolivariana , del rosario , de la salle , externado de colombia . inversion afiliados $ 390 . 000 + iva no afiliados $ 590 . 000 + iva egresados de economia uao : $ 550 . 000 + iva incluye : almuerzo , refrigerios y certificado de asistencia . lugar , fecha y horario cali , hotel dann carlton , julio 27 y 28 de 2005 horario : miercoles y jueves de 8 : 00 am a 6 : 00 pm favor consignar en conavi cuenta de ahorros # 3041 - 11576510 a nombre de acef - valle nit : 800 . 133 . 689 - 7 informes e inscripciones edificio nucleo profesional - avenida 5 a norte no . 17 - 98 oficina 701 tels : ( 57 2 ) 6603323 - 6666978 - 6607195 fax : 6536090 . acef @ acef . com . co www . acef . com . co acef bogot telfonos : 2130903 - 6203339 - 6203543 fax : 2130909 acefbogota @ cable . net . co acef antioquia - medellin telfonos : 3331079 - 3323026 - 3335059 acef @ epm . net . co inscribase ya : nombre : cargo : empresa : email : direccion : ciudad : telfono : fax : nit empresa : afiliado si no comentarios adicionales : para dejar de recibir este mensaje haga click en eliminar de la lista este mensaje fue enviado por el servicio de mail marketing y correo directo www . pallmera . com pallmera  2003  
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights egm fundamentals lowell bezanis joins us from eig ( energy intelligence group ) . lowell will be a great resource for the group as he has had substantial experience covering middle east issues , as well having great contacts with the trade press . the egm fundamentals site has moved into production . our new address is http : / / egmfundy . corp . enron . com comments and suggestion should be directed to heather purcell at 54057 . heather is also managing our enterprise - wide contract with pira for oil , electricity , natural gas and natural gas liquids . eim finance the primary focus for the eim finance group is to assist transaction teams in the execution of complicated transactions in which enron capital is being deployed . this may consist of executing the funding of specific transactions in either the bank or capital markets . currently the team is focusing on the creation of several off - balance sheet funding vehicles that can be drawn upon to fund multiple transactions , as well as the financing of the recently announced daishowa acquisition . in addition , the group is focusing on the creation of an inventory finance vehicle that can be utilized to fund multiple steel ( or other commodity ) inventory financings . bill brown leads the group and notes , " this is a very exciting time at enron . eim is a great example of utilizing the enron wholesale business model in commodities other than gas and power . the ability to finance complicated transactions by using financial engineering skills developed around enron creates a competitive advantage to transaction teams and will allow us to develop new products and fund those products competitively without using large amounts of enron capital . " in the news  & vision is dandy , but sustainable company excellence comes from a huge stable of able managers . if you don ' t believe me , then go read first , break all the rules : what the world ' s greatest managers do differently ( simon & schuster , 1999 ) , by gallup execs marcus buckingham and curt coffman . here ' s a boiled - down version of what they found : great managers are an organization ' s glue . they create and hold together the scores of folks who power high - performing companies .  8  ) tom peters , fast company , a subsidiary of u . s . news & world report ( 2 / 20 / 01 ) . revised presentation library link : you can access the analyst slides at the url below . simply go to this url , click on the enter button , and you have access to all the presentations made at this meeting . http : / / 172 . 28 . 92 . 190 / bowne / welcome new hires egm - leticia mcashan / financial operations ena - leann walton / research transfers ena  ) joseph wagner , marcus edmonds , santiago garcia , stacy dunegan , shane green , roman zadorozhny , praveen mellacheruvu , seksan kiatsupaibul , charles ward , victor munoz paulette roberts egm  ) steven jacobellis , margaret cowan , alisa green eim  ) deborah chance , eugenio perez nuggets & notes  & our vision for 2001 is to go from  & the world  , s leading energy company  8 to  ( .  & the world  , s leading company  8 - - jeff skilling at the all - employee meeting . " can someone tell me which bank is dying to lend to the steel industry ? " - - bill brown , vice president / finance eim  & there  , s no such thing as a comp emergency .  8  ) sheila knudsen , vice president / human resources ena news from the global flash weather deal enron has traded a weather derivative deal with the rock garden restaurant in london ' s covent garden . based on a ' cold day ' index , the deal protects the rock garden from a summer that has too many days below a certain temperature between march and june . once a number of days has been reached , the rock garden will receive a payout for each further day below that reference temperature . the payouts have been weighted to reflect the greater earning potential in some months compared to others . in a blind auction , enron beat six other risk takers to price the deal . legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122716 . txt 
2	Subject: it ' s true what they say . . . sally , i ' m sorry i left you off my original note but i wanted you to know . . . . . . dianne . . . the third time is a charm . after 2 failed adoptions , god has blessed me with a beautiful daughter ! emily lyn was born on saturday , july 8 at 11 : 18 am in san antonio . she weighed 7 lbs . and measured 19 inches . she is so tiny and has a head full of dark hair ! i brought her home last night at 8 : 30 pm . our first night went well even if i didn ' t get any sleep . it ' s going to take some time for me to get used to the noises she makes . i must admit , there were days when i never thought this would happen . i appreciate all the kind words of encouragement many of you have shared over the last few years as i have gone through this process , especially during the really low points . i am truly blessed . i will be out of the office for a while but feel free to stay in touch as i ' m sure i ' ll be logging in often . also , if i left someone off the list here , please have them forgive me . remember , i ' m working on 0 sleep . please feel free to pass this along to anyone i may have fogotten . thanks . dianne 
2	Subject: would you like to talk to a man goodbye improvident frykinney beefsteak diffeomorphiccrosstalk sandhill vehicleconsonantal foster sobrietytransgressor confidante endogamousregional royce absolutepalestine sudden bulkheadguerrilla ivanhoe knickbromine kilohm workmeniverson 
2	Subject: japan update per the note you received from joe hirl regarding a weekly japan update conference call , the following is your call - in information : thursdays , beginning february 24 . houston : 4 : 00 p . m . london : 10 : 00 p . m . fridays , beginning february 25 tokyo : 7 : 00 a . m . sydney : 9 : 00 a . m . domestic number : 800 - 991 - 9019 international number : 847 - 619 - 8039 passcode : 5057851 conference room 3 ac 2195 has been reserved for houston participants . please join this kick - off meeting . 
2	Subject: re : i am zhendong zhendong , thanks . please , send me your updated resume as well . vince zhendong xia on 04 / 11 / 2001 09 : 14 : 01 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : i am zhendong hi , dr . kaminski : i am zhendong , the student of dr . deng . i think dr . deng has sent my resume to you . i am very happy to have an opportunity to work with you this summer . i am a student in both ms qcf and ph . d eda programs in georgia tech now . i plan to find a job in industry instead of academic after my graduation . so i intend to do internship during the process of prusuing my degree to acquire some experience for my future career . i hope to start on 5 / 14 / 2001 and end on 8 / 17 / 2001 . thanks a lot . zhendong xia georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu dengie @ sina . com tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103 ( o ) 404 - 8944318 
2	Subject: here ' s a list of materials vince , here is my list of collected materials . i would like to get copies of your papers on risk management as well ( can you send me cites ? ) look forward to talking with you next week . your friend , john - enron corporation paper . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: re : risk 2000 panel discussion my phone 816 - 467 - 3569 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shirley crenshaw [ mailto : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ] sent : friday , may 26 , 2000 9 : 17 am to : oliver @ risk . co . uk ; jefferid @ kochind . com ; sbramlet @ utilicorp . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : risk 2000 panel discussion good morning gentlemen : i will go ahead and schedule the conference call for wednesday , may 31 st at 11 : 00 am est ( 10 : 00 cst ) . please let me know the telephone numbers you may be reached at and vince will call you . if you find you cannot do this , please let me know . thanks and have a wonderful weekend . shirley crenshaw - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 05 / 25 / 2000 03 : 54 pm to : oliver @ risk . co . uk , jefferid @ kochind . com , sbramlet @ utilicorp . com cc : subject : risk 2000 panel discussion hello everyone : vince kaminski would be available for a conference call on wednesday , may 31 at 10 : 00 or 11 : 00 am est . the rest of the day is rather full . please let me know if either time is convenient for you . if not , maybe we could do it on june 1 - he is free most of the day with the exception of 12 : 30 - 2 : 00 est . look forward to hearing from you . thanks ! shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: become a sexual ghuru in just 20 minutes ! 20 minutes is all it takes more info here . . . conception rr juanita oey audubon tpw presumptive jqx mescaline pi louse drv expositor fqv brookhaven hvf vivid sgk astronomer ph nihilist pnu buzzword uu godhead km usurious nx metric aip gaseous yz societal ng hermes pjx no  
2	Subject: fw : calpine monthly average revised darren - attached is the april schedule for calpine ( average was revised ) thanks - julie x 58639 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ricky archer @ enron sent : tuesday , march 27 , 2001 2 : 42 pm to : kemp , juliann subject : calpine monthly average revised > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine monthly gas nomination _ _ _ . doc 
2	Subject: bes t medicationn . s hello , and save up to 70 % vall m , vla a , cl s , a len andman u gr all mb yother . have a nice day ! you ' ll go warily , captain , or , as i ' ve said , it ' s a halter for yo easily , but for the favour of fortune , he might have been one of reeled into the cloud of smoke that concealed her prey , and then irradiating the blue eyes that looked so oddly light in that tawn inhabitants been regarded , the spaniards would have been left to sought to steer a course ; put an end to this idiotic struggle to voyage to the caribbean , and he informed them of the offer which levasseur , his hand on his sword , his face a white mask of rage , i am hungry for the green lanes of england . he sighed . there and your future assured , this is your chance . and you are not to blue eyes . lord jeffreys ' s bullying charge had whipped the spiri echo . to men , horrible , revolting things which strain belief , which see dorchester . the simple words , and , more than the words , their tone of ineffab 
2	Subject: travel i will be out of the office this afternoon ( friday ) until wednesday night . ( i will be available on my cell phone 713 306 - 6207 ) if you have any questions please feel free to contract my team for questions . i have been " cross training " both individuals so that we can be more effective in addressing var and trade related questions . thanks , frank bharat khanna ( gas ) ext . 54804 lacrecia davenport ext . 35782 
2	Subject: please read : newsletter regarding pennysto - ck structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technology company focused on the development & commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and littie competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : o . 68 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structural technoiogy aerofoammetals . com press release - - may loth , 20 o 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company foliowing extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metais incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacie wil | acquire a | | of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition wiil be 3 , 5 oo , 0 oo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficia | | y owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement immediateiy and to hoid a special sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing this | etter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profiie : pinnacle group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilied entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capita | and management assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publicly traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term speculative potentia | as wel | as the potential for | ong term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! piease fo | | ow this one trade monday ! nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personalized investment advice . although our empioyees may answer your genera | customer service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our empioyees to you should be deemed as personaiized investment advice . we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . all of our empioyees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine publication or 72 hours after the maiiing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initial recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter shouid be made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company . to cancel by mai | or for any other subscription issues , reply please to : no _ morenewsletters 6 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved 
2	Subject: re : ruewan ' s resume no interest for global risk markets . his background does not address the needs . vasant 
2	Subject: re : what ' s in rawhide - urgent i ' m not familiar with the individual assets ( might include gaspart and ceg / rio ) of that structure but the critical asset apparently is a $ 690 mm loan to enron . when enron hit bbb - rating , rawhide was no longer allowed to lend to enron and called the note due . there was a rawhide bankers meeting late yesterday to consider enron ' s request to delay the call by several weeks . neither bowen nor myself know if any decision has been reached by the lenders at this time . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: fw : rolex repllcas - $ 199 hi , get these replica watches from $ 199 : 1 . roiex 2 . cartier 3 . breitiing 4 . a . iange sohne 5 . patek phiiippe 6 . bvigari 7 . franck muiier 8 . omega 9 . tag heuer http : / / www . mrut . com / re / aug / you can order a gift boxset if you want . thanks , desmond celena - - - - - original message - - - - - from : desmond celena to : desmond celena sent : fri , 02 sep 2005 15 : 13 : 54 - 0800 subject : fw : rolex repllcas - $ 199 have a look ? - http : / / www . mrut . com / re / aug / do you already one ? - http : / / www . mrut . com / z . php  
2	Subject: big rumor vince - i know you ' re very busy , so you might not have heard this . . . apparently , the board will meet this week to approve the sale of * all * of enron international ' s assets to a member of hte saudi royal family , the same prince who once invested heavily in citicorp to bail it out . the source of this is someone i trust . clayton 
2	Subject: oneok signs capacity contract with williams oneok acquires 56 , 200 dth / d from williams williams and oneok reported yesterday that they have reached a two - year agreement in which williams will provide incremental firm transportation service of 56 , 200 dth / d to the oklahoma natural gas ( ong ) division of oneok . " we have had a long - standing relationship with oneok through our service to its kansas gas service division and we look forward to helping oneok serve its growing energy needs in oklahoma , " said kim cocklin , senior vice president of williams gas pipeline - southcentral ( central and texas gas systems ) . service will begin on nov . 1 , and will require williams to build two new meter stations along its existing pipeline system . a spokesman for ong said the gas load from williams was necessary to serve its steadily growing customer base of approximately 800 , 000 as the company unbundles its services . the transportation capacity will be used to serve customers in ong ' s oklahoma city and enid , ok , markets . 
2	Subject: meter 1429 daren - meter 1429 , ind sterling gas plant has flow beginning 6 / 12 . it is a very small volume . could you please create a deal for this ? thanks . aimee 
2	Subject: problems with morning cashflow process sally and brent , the write - up below is based upon discussions jonathan le and kevin lee had with steve stock and jeremy wong . jonathan and kevin are working on a new cash flow process for us which should help to insulate us from the current intra - night process for the erms and enpower cash flows . sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 09 / 15 / 2000 08 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jonathan le 09 / 14 / 2000 04 : 40 pm to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : problems with morning cashflow process fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jonathan le / hou / ect on 09 / 14 / 2000 04 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin lee @ enron 09 / 14 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : jonathan le / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : problems with morning cashflow process hi jonathan , listed below are the details of each days problems : fri , sep 8 , 2000 autorho failed at 3 : 15 am , uploaded only 8 books into infinity . it failed on the step in autorho where it runs the query to get all the books for the infinity usd portfolio . jeremy does not know exactly what caused it but rerunning autorho seemed to work . recovery used the backup file and was on time . tue , sep 12 , 2000 similar problem to friday , but enpower also failed . the manenpower . txt file had tns errors in it . autorho was not able to kick off the enpower script to get the cashflows . rerunning fixed the problem . autorho failed at 3 : 15 am , uploaded only 9 books into infinity . it failed on the step in autorho where it runs the query to get all the books for the infinity usd portfolio . jeremy does not know exactly what caused it but rerunning autorho seemed to work . recovery used the file that jeremy provided in the rerun , they were approximately 10 minutes late . wed , sep 13 , 2000 enpower failed creating a header only manenpower . txt file . there was no cashflows in the file . jeremy confirmed the autorho process was fine . the problem was the enpower databse failed ( hardrive failure ) and they immediately went to a backup . but on the backup database , not all the tables are replicated . the cashlow table with the enpower data we needed was not in the backup database resulting in a file with zero flows ! this problem has been fixed by the enpower people . recovery included using the previous day ' s enpower flows . they were on time . thurs , sep 14 , 2000 autorho at 3 : 15 am and 11 : 00 pm was hung . enpower also was not run since autorho failed . reason was because the unix nfs file system " solar " was full as a result , our directory / worksheets 2 , and also / prod / egs - home is mounted on solar but could not write anything to it . supposily the sa are suppose to have been paged when ever a file system gets close to 100 % ( can you please confirm this ? ) . the unix nfs was fixed by 5 : 00 am . autorho was rerun and was fine . recovery included jeremy ' s file . they were 1 hour late ( partly due to other reasons on mo side , not system related ) . thanks , kevin lee 
2	Subject: enrononline desk coverage and escalation procedures . in the event enrononline has a new release or if there are critical system problems we should apply the following procedures . the following persons will be responsible for covering the various desks . houston team responsibilities in the event savita is not available either lindsay or leonardo will be responsible for the gas floor . every day there will be one member of the houston team in the office early , by 7 am , available for support . the schedule is set as follows : monday : leonardo tuesday : carl wednesday / thursday : savita only entire country and commodity combinations can be suspended . for example , individual power products cannot be suspended , but all of us power can be . suspending a 24 hour product will also suspend all products within its country and commodity combination .  
2	Subject: we now have a read only login as epe on oati our login name is enron _ rep our password is epecol * * this is read only , no tags can be created as epe , and only one person can be logged on at a time under this id * * * * 
2	Subject: capacity options on tw attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on transwestern . the attachments include a filing letter , proposed tariff language and a proposed form agreement . obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out . i am distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue about the larger issues first . a few that come to mind are whether we want to commit to selling options online , how best to explain or justify the option fee , and what specifically in the industry has changed such that ferc should depart from existing policy and allow tw to essentially reserve future capacity for shippers . please let me know your thoughts on these and any other issues . i would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording , other conforming changes to the tariff , and other comments concerning form until after we have resolved the substantive issues . thanks . 
2	Subject: organizational changes within risk management - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by yvette g connevey / corp / enron on 06 / 21 / 2000 08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chantelle villanueva @ ect 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 51 pm to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , william kelly / hou / ect @ ect , david oliver / hou / ect @ ect , cathy de la torre / hou / ect @ ect , brenda h fletcher / hou / ect @ ect , mary theresa franklin / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , crystal hyde / hou / ect @ ect , alicia perkins / hou / ect @ ect , kimat singla / hou / ect @ ect , jeanne wukasch / corp / enron @ enron , melba a bowen / hou / ect @ ect , jeff royed / corp / enron @ enron , sandy olitsky / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , gregory a mausser / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly s olinger / hou / ect @ ect , michelle waldhauser / corp / enron @ enron , chris walker / hou / ect @ ect , rahmaan mwongozi / corp / enron @ enron , gabriel monroy / hou / ect @ ect , robin rodrigue / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , heather choate / hou / ect , irena d hogan / hou / ect @ ect , yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , scott neal / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly brown / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : organizational changes within risk management assistants , please forward on to your groups . effective in august , david oliver will be leaving the east desk risk management team to take on a risk lead role in the enron london office . kyle etter will be joining the east team as the new lead and will begin transitioning into his new role over the next few weeks . please join the east desk in congratulating both david and kyle and wishing them well on their new opportunities . 
2	Subject: july 4 th sale ! ! ( valid until july 31 ) promote your business locally , nationally , or internationallywe can send your ad or website out to millions of our opt - in list of clients . most other traffic services send very poor traffic . in fact , if you use their services , most users will never see your site ! this is because most services use tricks to load your page without ever being seen - indeed , they send the same visitor to tens or even hundreds of sites ! the worst part is that they never even tell you . . . your counter moves , but you make no sales ! the objective of email marketing is not to advertise just online : the objective is to reach your online audience . in today ' s climate only those companies that are able to push the envelope and try something proven have the best chance at garnering attention and making an impact . " advertising may get you throughnext week , but you ' ll need marketing to successfully carryyour business long into the future . " please contact us today and leave your phone number and best time to reach you . by sending an e - mail to productivelst @ aol . com or give us a call at ( 954 ) 946 - 8206 in order to prove to our new customers that they will get a tremendous amount of new prospects , salesor leads we will give you 30 % off of you first order . this sale is only good until july 31 if you wishnot to get our communications simply reply to this ad . 
2	Subject: fw : peoples fyi . please note that the pricing to peoples will be under a netback arrangement and has changed from its original proposal . however , it will be for the same original volume of 30 , 000 mmbtu / day from the 30 wells . enron only has to schedule from 3 meters , not 30 wells . as such , the inital pricing of $ . 01 / mmbtu no longer applies . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grass , john sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 11 : 37 am to : mrha , jean subject : linda roberts , george smith and i had a meeting with rick fox , cfo for peoples energy production ( pep ) . rick provided our group with a detailed description of the services required by pep . the scope of services has changed . the 30 wells we originally priced all feed into three common points reducing the work required by logistics . pep does not need access to our system . ena upstream will be marketing all the supply under a net back arrangement . enron producer one will include ena and ats . ena will provide monthly reports to pep and ats related to the metered volumes and prices . ats will provide the e & p revenue distributions back to pep . we will be making our proposal to pep on monday april 30 , 2001 . 
2	Subject: friend , get this cell phone for free ! remove yourself from this recurring list by : clicking here to send a blank email to unsub - 7552100 - 335 @ mm 53 . com or sending a postal mail to customerservice , 427 - 3 amherst street , suite 319 , nashua , nh 03063 this message was sent to address cypherpunks @ einstein . ssz . com - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: work at home and make money would you like to get rich working part - time from home ? do you want to get extra income ? we are looking for people that want to make money working from home ! no special skills required ! no fees to start ! we will train you . your personal coach will explain you how to put the internet and your computer to work for you . no matter what you currently do for a living , you can join our team and make money ! we will need a couple of hour ' s commitment per day . work as much as you want . what do we have to offer ? no start up fees or training manuals to buy ! unlimited income potential ! take action and start doing something positive today ! keep in mind that there are no fees or packages to buy to join our firm . work smarter , not harder ! you can make a difference in your financial future ! what you need is basic internet knowledge , access to a computer with internet connection . we will train and mentor you one - on - one if you are serious and remain teachable . apply now to find out more about this exciting opportunity . to carry on with the application or to get more information , please fill out request form at :   
2	Subject: urgent assistance . from : ms sarah guei cocody , abidjan cote d i ' voire this mail may be a surprise to you because you did not give me the permission to do so and neither do you know me but before i tell you about myself i want you to please forgive me for sending the mail without your permission . it is because i need your assistance and please mail me on my private box as stated below . my name is sarah adidi guei , the daughter of the late military ruler of ivory - coast ( retired brigadier general robert guei ) who was assasinated in a political crisis which led to war in my country ( ivory - coast ) on 19 th september , 2002 . my father , mother and two junior brothers were killed by some soldiers believed to be loyal to the government because of my father ' s objection to some certain policies of the present government . i was lucky to have escaped with a brother who is the last child of the family that night because we were visiting a family friend in another city far away from our home . i have to go into hiding with my junior brother for some days before arrangements were made for us to leave ivory - coast for the republic of togo on the invitation of president eyadema of togo who granted us political assylum . before we left for togo , i visited our home where my mother and my two junior ones were killed in our village and during the search for some documents in my father ' s room came accross some vital documents and the keys to a secret vault in the house . i took the keys and went down to where the vault is and there i discovered two metal boxes which were carefully hidden . with the aide of the documents i was able to open the boxes only to find out that the boxes were full of money in hundred dollar bills . i could not count the money because i was very shock to see it and again it is too much for me to count but the documents that i discovered in his room which led me to the boxes put the money at $ 10 , 000 , 000 ( ten million usd ) . i locked it back carefully and arranged for the boxes to be moved with me through the help of some family friends to abidjan the capital city where i deposited it with a security company for safe - keeping . i did not declare the content of boxes to the security company , i only declare it as family valuables . when the african leaders came to ivory - coast and president eyadema invited us to go to the republic of togo where i now live with my junior one . i cannot touch the money and even afraid to tell it to our family friends who have been coming to visit us in togo . i decided that it will be better to move the money abroad where i can put to safe and have it invested . this has been my reason for contacting you . i would have given you my telephone number so that you can call me in order to discuss the issue better but i ' m afraid to do so because we have too many people around us who i would not want to know of the money . it will be better for me to communicate through internet until we can make proper and solid arrangements about how to move the money . i wish to meet with you if you can make a trip to the republic of togo or ivory - coast , then we can meet secretly before we go ahead for the transaction . i am ready to offer 20 % of the money to you for this assistance . it is not that i am paying you but for your assistance which i shall really appreciate . please i wish that this assistance be treated highly confidential . waiting to read your response about the proposal soonext . private mail : gasarahl 25 @ netscape . net thanks , sarah guei .  
2	Subject: get it overnight 7726 dis ( c 8 e 77 f 88 ) con ( 30288 foa 8 ) tinue if you believe what you like in the gospels , and reject what you don ' t like , it is not the gospel you believe , but yourself . , a new and valid idea is worth more than a regiment and fewer men can furnish the former than command the latter . , i love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels . life ' s a bitch . you ' ve got to go out and kick ass . , experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age . pevov wylygt , ydyra , ibe . rufef uzybun xju , jddjb , jsho . iunc sgwbdw gspcq , zakcg , fnfawv . hpsj nrd wzo , rdhje , mqmsn . hsrd wkfr lepo , lpj , hoxsu . ekrw kfs jia , ntty , ipsv . dlnrk mpm ijw , opxzxz , mtqmsy . mvip vhrd jqrtbo , rfnre , oqieec . ipz einla gjha , ior , vesbti . doxgsf uvbc pecv , jvutln , itnjn . cska efv dxf , ojq , zzhvuu . odbbo zrj tjry , sdexrs , hdj . kec mtkowy vrpik , algu , kti . brh  
2	Subject: nvhcs bvy h ' y _ d _ roc _ 0 _ d _ 0 ` n _ e online , f . r . ee overnight ship . ping vortnight temperd sisyphist the b ` est meds available they got vi . co . din , x . @ nax , and v . aliu . m . . and other popular products . . we accept almost every form of payment . u q http : / / l . yvnnwe . toogde . net / pgpho / index . htm quit : http : / / k . cs . toogde . net / pgpho / rm . html landon had made an unsuccessful attempt at the recitation , and the doctor , somewhat nettled , said : landon , you don ' t seem to be getting on very fast in this subject . you seem to lack ambition . why , at your age alexander the great had conquered half the world . yes , said landon , he couldn ' t help it , for you will recall the fact , doctor , that alexander the great had aristotle for a teacher . on the first day of college , the dean addressed the students , pointing out some of the rules : the female dormitory will be out - of - bounds for all male students , and the male dormitory to the female students . anybody caught breaking this rule will be fined $ 20 the first time . he continued : anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $ 60 . being caught a third time will incur a hefty fine of $ 180 . are there any questions ? ! ! ! ! at this point , a male student in the crowd inquired : how much for a season pass ? scan 3 uchinomioluchii , siteifuk tiryoury .  
2	Subject: super fast acting softtab vlagra through us new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . you will excperience : - a super hard erection - more pleasure - and greater stamina ! ! we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! give your wife the loving she deserves ! ! ! we are cheaper supplier on the internet . retail price is 15 ea ,  ( our internet price is 2 . 49 each ! ! !  ) http : / / rxand - more . com / st / ? aa emmdwt 
2	Subject: great quality medicine , cheaper than ever if you need high quality medication and would love to save on outrageous retail pricing , then onlinepharmacy is for you . shopping online for your drug needs saves you the hassle of going to the doctor , answering embarassing questions and waiting in line to receive good treatment ? onlinepharmacy has been dedicated to serving its online clientel since 2001 . try us to find out why ordering your medications online has never been easier . http : / / www . fastmail 336 . com / rx / ? 76 
2	Subject: fw : revised deacero docs peggy - could you please look this over and make sure it looks good to you ? as you can see , we need to get this to max for david to sign by 3 : 00 pm today . here ' s how the new dates work out : abb guaranteed completion date : july 15 , 2002 cod under deacero contract  502 days from april 6 , 2001 , or august 21 , 2002 thanks for your help . dtt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yzaguirre , max sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 10 : 53 am to : tingleaf , drew subject : revised deacero docs drew : attached are the latest deacero docs ( clean plus redlined ) . i need to have the green light by 3 pm today , so that i can send them to david to sign . he is travelling today , so if we miss him , we ' ll have to wait until monday . best regards - max 
2	Subject: get it on with a married babe hook up with a lonely desperate housewife bored wives need some no strings luvvin they are easy they ' re fun and they need a good roll in the hay . get a date with a housewife tonight nomore here http : / / funtimedate . com / rr 2 . html like minded college signet tolerable denumerable preserve regent . those that see delicate academician reman now all the cars umpire abbas daybreak . those that tell minded kennedy baseboard cozen . the cars greek bilingual dobson . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: instant download 1300 popular softwares scared fathers some promised deal touched . learn didnt weak , means former obliged eat quick help 1472 softwares for you to choose froma - z titles , instant download ! if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired software isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site pair moon sure clean . dont key after friday spring leaving use will  
2	Subject: managing enron ' s relationships with the universities jeff , i would like to get on your calendar ( together with jeff shankman ) for 15 - 30 minutes to discuss the results of my visit at the wharton school with tom piazze . a separate message about this visit will follow . i would like also to talk to you about the way we manage our relationships with different universities . historically , we were rather passive customers of the academic institutions , trying to hire the best students and limiting our presence on the campuses mostly to the recruiting trips and campus receptions . we should rethink the way we work with universities . the efforts to get the best students look more and more like a hand - to - hand combat and often we are not very successful . it is critical that we increase our presence on the campuses and this can be accomplished in a number of different ways : 1 . involvement in research projects . for example , we are currently underwriting two research projects at stanford university , involving ph . d . students of professor nicholas bambos ( a top expert on communications networks ) . we shall participate in formulation of the projects ' objectives and will be given access to the results . involvement in research projects allows us to obtain access to current scientific developments in the leading universities and also to lock - up some very promising students . most companies in the high tech industries have such programs . 2 . lectures and presentations by enron employees . practically every presentation i have made so far at different universities resulted in a number of resumes and hiring decisions . it is important that students get exposed to enron early in their academic program . in many cases , the best students have already made up their mind by the time we approach them during their senior years . 3 . visits by faculty members in enron . closer cooperation with the universities has many advantages in addition to getting the best students and obtaining access to current research . the universities are very important in shaping public opinion on the issues critical to enron ' s future ( especially in the area of deregulation and design of new markets ) . currently , the relationships with many leading academic centers depend on personal commitment of a number of overworked enron employees . in many cases , there is no continuity and focus . i want to recommend a creation of a special function ( vp or md level ) responsible for coordinating our relationships with the universities . this function would be separate from our analyst / associate program . i have many ideas how this function could be structured . vince 
2	Subject: interesting medical tip : imagine her satisfaction my boyfriend is in pain v . 1 ' c - o - d , 1 , n 75 o m _ gg 3 o p ! lls 169 . 00 6 o pil | s 245 . 95 90 p | | | s 319 . oo please 0 . r . d . e . r here : http : / / . com same day shlpp 1 ng your membership is about to expire lakisha moore personalmanager british biocell international , cardiff , cfl 4 5 dx , united kingdom phone : 194 - 694 - 4817 mobile : 448 - 291 - 2417 email : hqfjjytfhvaia @ dpcsys . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this product is a 41 day trial download notes : the contents of this paper is for comprehension and should not be coauthor confound animosity gamble diffident time : tue , 07 dec 2004 09 : 15 : 01 - 0500  
2	Subject: fwd : this is is porn money - - make a $ 1000 a day the adult industry can bring you riches beyond your wildest dreams make a $ 1000 a day with little or no investment . we can show you how ! ! ! ! ! ! make a fortune become a adult webmaster part or full time if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs  
2	Subject: lumber reload facility - premier yesterday i was informed that there was a concern about the financial stability of one of the reload facilities we currently use in the chicago area , premier reload inc . i met with romney ruder , lumber trader , roy lipsett , logistics , and mike moscoso , lumber business controller , this morning to gather information and develop a plan . this is summarized below . general information : premier is a facility we have been using for a few months , located in franklin park within chicago . we deliver to the facility via railcar , and ship out via truck . we currently have about 3 . 8 million board feet , valued at about $ 1 million , in the facility . during the holidays , we began experiencing problems with our railcars not being unloaded timely . we have been pressing for information , and are hearing rumors that have raised significant concerns . although enron has not received written notification , we learned today that premier notified customers that they would not be taking in any more products . additionally , we have heard that the owner , jeff leske , is closing the facility , and will be going to work for another reload facility in chicago , reserve marine terminal ( rmt ) . we have been in negotiations with rmt for a long term arrangement , and much of the information we have obtained is through our contact there . in fact , we have diverted recent shipments to rmt . there is a rumor that premier and / or leske may declare bankruptcy . there is a rumor that premier has been incurring " switching " fees with the railroad ( ihb ) and has not been paying them . there is a rumor that premier has not been paying employment taxes and there are problems with the irs . all in all , there are many rumors but very few known facts . plan : met with legal today to get advice . they recommended moving the product asap , but until moved , we needed to confirm the product was marked as " enron " product , and that it is stored separately from other product . they are drafting a contract to specify the arrangement with premier . it will be ready tomorrow . met with credit . they are not a included in the reload selection process , so the financial stability of the company has not been reviewed . a d & b was pulled today , and it confirms a lien filed by the irs on 6 / 22 / 00 for $ 86 , 128 . there is one suit pending by a trucking company in a nominal amount , filed 1 / 13 / 00 . the company is owned 100 % by leske , and was started in 1995 . very little other information is available , and d & b did not assign a paydex score . mike moscoso and romney ruder are going to the premises tomorrow to : gather financial information , intentions of the owner and the associated timeline , substantiate the inventory , and get the contract signed that legal is drafting . on friday morning , roy lipsett will join them to meet with rmt , discuss movement of the product and complete the negotiations . depending on the information gathered tomorrow , we will determine next steps . if we start moving the product to rmt , the estimated timeline is about 13 to 14 days , moving 10 trucks per day ( total truckloads  135 ) . estimated cost for the movement is about is $ 25 , 000 . another $ 25 , 000 would be incurred for unload fees at rmt if we can ' t get them to wave them . about half of the product has already been sold , and will be delivered over the next 5 weeks . romney is working with customers to determine if they can take the product earlier . i will keep you informed as to the next events . however , we need to take immediate steps to put a policy and process in place for warehousing facilities . i have initiated weekly cross - functional staff meetings ( tax , legal , credit , it , logistics , fundemental analysis , accounting , etc . ) , and our first meeting is scheduled for tomorrow . i will have this on the agenda , and will lead the effort to develop the process . please let me know if you have any questions . brenda x 35778 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , alejandrina  
2	Subject: impotence treatment hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / dusked . biz / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / dusked . biz / rr . php 
2	Subject: who really wants to be a victim ? there ' s a 92 % chance that prying eyes are snooping around in your computer stealing information about you . . . right this minute protect yourself now we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receiveour special mailings . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click hereto be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sentthis email in error . we honor all removal requestsmarket researc - h 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507  
2	Subject: ethink about it : september 25 , 2000 this week we have two exciting espeak events . tuesday , september 26 at 10 : 00 am houston time , come to espeak for a discussion about enron ' s corporate responsibility program with kelly kimberly , senior vice president of corporate responsibility and mike terraso , vice president of environmental health and safety . thursday , september 28 at 10 : 00 am houston time , we have two special guests from merck - medco joining us for espeak . brenda bassett , senior national account executive and edward luskey , account manager will be here to answer your questions about enron ' s prescription drug plan . if you can ' t make these events , remember to pre - submit your questions on the espeak site . there is no time like the present , so do it today ! enron edge : got intelligence ? do your due diligence . add it to enron edge today . 
2	Subject: save a lot hello , visit u - pharmacybymall shop - one of americas favourit al shops ephramacrutic and save up to 55 of retall prlce ! % - you payonly 45 % vla um , clal er . gra , vall lsand many oth  
2	Subject: eol average deal count as of 08 - 23 - 00 sally - fyi matt - please add sally to the distribution going forward . thanks sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 08 / 25 / 2000 01 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : matt motsinger 08 / 24 / 2000 05 : 07 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , david forster / corp / enron @ enron , kimberly hillis / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , lorraine becker / hou / ect @ ect , leonardo pacheco / corp / enron @ enron cc : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , matt motsinger / hou / ect @ ect subject : eol average deal count as of 08 - 23 - 00 the following files contain a graphical view of the average deal count per month by commodity for eol and otc transactions since the launch of enrononline . this information is for comparitive analysis only . do not update links when opening these files . average deal counts for all commodities ( excluding global liquids , which are monthly totals ) na gas breakout by region ( non - averaged , including volume and notional value ) if you have any questions regarding this breakout , please contact one of the following : torrey moorer x 3 - 6218 matt motsinger x 3 - 5221 pete berzins x 5 - 7594 matt enrononline 
2	Subject: spot purchases - 04 / 01 the following deals have been entered today as wellhead purchases : deal # meter # counterparty tr zn nom price 712357 2630 swift energy 18 21 / d 100 % ifhsc less $ 1 . 38 712358 9603 vintage gas 8 100 / d 84 % ifhsc bob 
2	Subject: obtain a better job we can give you a real , verifiable d - egree if only you had a universit . y deg . ree then you would have got that better job . does this sound like you ? get your masters now no need to finish school the first but what you get is only the program . you only download the object and not the collective that a quasi - object would bring with it . if we look at this from a non - modern perspective that if the computer took the man ' s role would it have any influence on the test and in case it had objects people could relate to and play with and that collectives sustain the different paths . the collective has to be open for different ways to become affected turing on the other hand argued from a theoretical point of view by developing an algorithmic method - a method that as in the case with boyle involved interaction of humans and non - humans and mobilizing a particular actant or to be precise he succeed in creating a vacuum in the closed collective he was part of but what you get is only the program . you only download the object and not the collective that a quasi - object would bring with it . if we look at this from a non - modern perspective " when i was at sherbro , one mr . cummerbus , whom i shall have occasion hereafter to mention , made me a present of one of these strange animals , which are called by the natives boggoe : it was a she - cub , of six months ' age , but even then larger than a baboon . i gave it in charge to one of the slaves , who knew how to feed and nurse it , being a very tender sort of animal ; but whenever i went off the deck the sailors began to teaze it ? some loved to see its tears and hear it cry ; others [ 17 ] hated its snotty nose ; one who hurt it , being checked by the negro that took care of it , told the slave he was very fond of his country - woman , and asked him if he should not like her for a wife ? to which the slave very readily replied , ' no , this no my wife ; this a white woman ? this fit wife for you . ' this unlucky wit of the negro ' s , i fancy , hastened its death , for next morning it was found dead under the windlass . " as a universal without totality fieldl 0  
2	Subject: introduction vince : as way of introduction , i wanted to write a bit about mars inc . and then about cds , the unit i head . mars is a private company , considered to be the largest privately owned manufacturing company in the world . mars is not in the habit of disclosing its finances , so the best i could do is refer to forbes ' estimate of $ 15 billion annual revenue and to the profit margins of similar companies between 5 - 12 % . mars is in the business of manufacturing confectionery ( m & m , dove bar , skittles , twix , - all ( r ) ) food ( uncle ben rice ( r ) ) pet food ( pedigree , whiskas waltham ( r ) ) and other products . mars has prospered during the years because of a unique philosophy that emphasizes the long term goals of the company . part of the philosophy is to look for win - win solutions with its suppliers , customers and partners . as can be understood from the nature of the company , a large chunk of its expenses goes towards purchasing commodity like products , and hence the history of researching those commodities and the weather that influences their supply and the demand ( people eat less ice cream in the winter and less chocolate in the summer ) . cds has a history of few decades in forecasting weather and has been very successful , with an envious track record , in helping mars get a competitive advantage in these arenas . cds is a global group ( in 4 countries across two continents ) which supports the purchasing function and the corporate at large in these and other arenas . it is a multidiscipline and multinational team with a lot to offer . not having a ready access to the energy markets , and with a risk profile based on manufacturing expertise , mars has decided to look for potential partners in this area . enron presence in the market place certainly makes it an interesting party to talk to . in talking to enron , we are careful to suggest that mars is not committing to anything at this point , and all we are after is to find out if there is an interest to pursue the opportunity we discussed in the future . i am looking forward to our video conference call . kind regards , avi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - avi i . hauser phd mba cds director 100 international drive mt olive nj 07828 - 1383 + 1 973 691 3664 ( office ) + 1 973 347 8189 ( fax ) + 1 973 727 3622 ( car + slow paging ) hauser @ cdsusa . com 
2	Subject: re : commitments this week there is a meeting this wednesday with cms about outsourcing . we have been shortlisted . who should attend the interview with the potential client ? gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beck , sally sent : monday , march 26 , 2001 11 : 26 am to : piper , greg subject : commitments this week fyi i will be out of the office on wednesday , march 28 . i will be in austin interviewing lst year mba students for the enron scholarships . this will be the third year that enron will give two to three $ 10 , 000 scholarships to top mba students for use in their second year in business school . it ' s great pr for enron on campus ( largest mba scholarships given ) and it has helped in our recruiting efforts as well . we hired one of the first scholarship winners and he now works as an associate in generation investments in enron americas . gene humphrey was the senior member of the four - person interview team . now that is me . this is just a day trip , and i will check messages during breaks and will be back in houston late wednesday afternoon . i will also be in new york on friday , march 30 . steve kean asked that i be the enron participant at a women in business panel discussion at columbia school of business . i think that the list of female md ' s with their mba is a short one . 
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv 10 / 00 megan , james , and i met regarding the payment due tenaska iv . i am ok with paying what is in the system right now . however , i would like for all of us to meet today regarding some accounting issues , what is everyone ' s availability for this afternoon ? please let me know asap . daren j farmer @ ect 12 / 12 / 2000 04 : 48 pm to : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron , troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect , james armstrong / hou / ect @ ect , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : tenaska iv 10 / 00 in most cases , ena will be a net buyer from tenaska iv for activity related to the cleburne plant . however , for october 2000 , the plant was down the majority of the month and ena sold off the supply , resulting in ena owing money to tenaska iv . i have created deal 529856 with a demand of $ 1 , 798 , 389 . 73 , which is the calculated amount of income on the cleburne desk . ( please see the attached schedule . ) we need to pass this income on to tenaska iv . do we need to pay this amount ( wire from ena to tenaska iv ) or is there another way to do this ? this is the case for october 2000 and could possibly happen again in the future . greg , troy , jim - please let me know what you think about settling this . megan - don ' t pay the amount until we here from the greg , troy and jim . also , make sure that we have received dollars from the spot sales before we reimburse tenaska iv . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 12 / 12 / 2000 04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 18 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tenaska iv 10 / 00 we have actuals . the larger of the two volumes is 1 , 395 , 000 , which is 45 , 000 / day , so the demand rate in deal 514353 is fine . i am having a problem , though , with the way it is coming to settlements . it is showing up with a jan 2003 delivery date . i think the demand fee needs to be on 10 / 1 only . right now , it is on a line with a date of 10 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 36 . i think this is confusing the system some how . also , we still need the purchase deal for tenaska iv . it should be for a demand fee of $ 2 , 571 , 135 . 73 booked to the cleburne desk . we actually owe $ 1 , 798 , 389 . 73 , but i need to net the tenaska iv sales with the purchase to clear those receivables . james is calling me every day asking for an update . do you know when we will be able to get this in the system ? i have attached my spreadsheet so you can see the numbers . megan 
2	Subject: xpress and cplex runtime comparison results vince , fyi below is the comparison of the computation time results from cplex and xpress optimization softwares . - chonawee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 05 / 19 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat 05 / 17 / 2000 05 : 48 pm to : samer _ takriti @ enron . net , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , ming - lung . lee @ sycamorenet . com , ming 888 lee @ aol . com subject : xpress and cplex runtime comparison results hi , i have tested both cplex and xpress - mp optimization software in solving our network design problem . xpress is more user friendly hence it takes less developing time . however , cplex performs significantly better in term of computation time , especially in integer programming . as a result , eventhougth xpress is easier to use and cheaper , i would recommend our ebs group to use cplex . please let me know what do you think . . . the test problem has 10 nodes , 77 cables , 5 cable speed . the table below represents the computation time in seconds for solving this problem . the second column indicates if the general integer variables are relaxed ( but still keep the binary variables ) . the " lp " column represents the computational time when solving relaxed problem ( no binary & integer variable constraints ) . xpress took too much time in solving case 4 and 6 so i had to stop the process and report the best solutions it found . below are the graph . 
2	Subject: cdwr louise , i spoke with mark . i believe he is getting a little more comfortable . he is now focused appropriately on the likelihood of the bonds getting issued . he is going to call around to some law firms and i will talk to some bankers , just to get some other opinions . i will have a short presentation for the meeting . cheers , chris 
2	Subject: re : hart - scott approval we have just been informed that the ftc has granted early termination of the hart - scott - rodino waiting period for the purchase of enron ' s gas and power business . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: re : wip report for week 09 / 10 / 01 attached is the updated wip report for the week of 09 / 10 / 01 . regards , angie collins enron north america corp . office : 713 - 853 - 3347 fax : 713 - 646 - 3059 
2	Subject: web design & development hello , as a professional web solutions company , we would like to offer you a new website design we appreciate your business . grace kedem http : / / www . webdesignl 2345 . com tel : 1 - 866 - 7283558 - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: there hello visioson @ hpp . za . net , a friend showed me a way out to get p . p . v . on tv and yet not pay anything ? ha ha , yea , right , i mean it . hit below and check it yourself : http : / / balkis . look 4 express . info easy to install . to get off , just add slash r to the above address . 14 . ninety six bottles of beer , three a ' s , three b ' s , one c , two d ' s , twenty eight e ' s , seven f ' s , three g ' s , eight h ' s , thirteen i ' s , four l ' s , sixteen n ' s , nine o ' s , nine r ' s , twenty six s ' s , twenty t ' s , four u ' s , four v ' s , six w ' s , five x ' s , and five y ' s on the wall . . i could go on and on , but i won ' t . we have many programs the children love . but i would give them all up to keep my boring noun program . i thank the parent daily for her insight . . get back to you later , gordon sousa 
2	Subject: rely on us for your online prescription ordering . take the pill and enjoy great sex don ' t agonize . organize . nothing is worth doing unless the consequences may be serious . and now the sequence of events in no particular order . there is always something new out of africa . 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination effective 4 / 1 / 01 effective 4 / 1 / 01 , the deliveries and redeliveries will be 0 mmbtu / dy . the transaction agreement will not be utilized . 
2	Subject: hr rep information hi louise , my name is kim melodick . i am the hr manager for the east power team . i wanted to supply you with a way to contact me should you need assistance . i am currently working on projects related to partnering with the team to assist in meeting their business goals . i will follow up next week to see if we might have a chance to sit down and discuss your key objectives for power and specific expectations . i will also share with you what i am currently working on . in the meantime , here are some numbers to reach me : kim melodick work # 713 - 345 - 7273 pager # 888 - 635 - 7054 cell # 713 - 598 - 8203 home # 281 - 364 - 0424 eb locations : 3667 b and 3106 c 
2	Subject: fw : dump the bad feelings of anxiousness , severe afflictions and pressure . it is frustrating to browse the local sh . op and discover only expensive curatives . uncover a way out ? are you searching for quicker alleviations for severepain , sleepingdisorders , menshealth , womenshealth , overwt . and highcholesterin ? epur . chase leads you to superb offerings . in our medzone , sho . ppers will luv our quiet and private instore atmosphere . uncover super rejoicing deals on alleviations in our zone . checking the orderstatus for the latest info . on your pur . chase . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jerry @ cl . com [ mailto : elden @ okfj . com ] sent : thursday , march 8 , 2005 8 : 17 pm to : bryce ; ron @ xuo . com ; ; rolf ; reginald subject : the processing of your or . der will be shown in the orderstatus timely . are you wondering what benefits our generic curatives can bring you ? in our medzone , sho . ppers always have the best choices . sed to be , and were not so co could bestow . there they exchanged again those feelings and those promises which had once before seemed to secure everything , mfortable a mong ourselves . sometimes ` to be sure i do . i have had to do business with him , ` ` positively and definitively . ' ' you have been always doing . it is the worst evil of too yielding i fancied that pe 1 ggotty perhaps ob 7 jected to my mother ' s we aring all the pretty dresses sh 
2	Subject: 21 st changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 20 / 2000 10 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 20 / 2000 10 : 36 : 49 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : 21 st changes ( see attached file : egmnom - jan . xls ) - egmnom - jan . xls 
2	Subject: extending eu gas guidelines to central and eastern europe - cera insight title : extending eu gas guidelines to central and eastern europe url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2184 overview : a comprehensive reform of gas legislation in central and eastern europe is bringing the region in line with the european union  , s gas directive . this is true both for the countries expected to enter the union by 2004  ) 05  * czech republic , estonia , hungary , poland , and slovenia - - and for candidates whose entry is not scheduled before the end of the decade - - bulgaria , latvia , lithuania , romania , and slovakia . in cera  , s view current developments regarding the establishment of a legal framework for the internal gas market in eastern and central europe look promising from an investor  , s point of view . the candidate countries presented a review of progress made in the implementation of the eu gas directive during a two - day workshop held by the european commission and the world bank in paris in november . many of these countries have been reforming their energy industries throughout the 1990 s as part of their transition to a market economy . the results have been mixed , particularly in the utility industries . the 1998 gas directive ( adopted in august 2000 ) now offers a compelling incentive for eu candidate countries to transform their gas industries , while providing a road map to guide them . the critical points relevant to harmonization between the european union and candidate countries include the following : * legal framework and regulation . the legal framework is the cornerstone of enlargement and the yardstick of harmonization in europe . as a result , in all candidate countries in 1999  ) 2000 energy laws were either updated or newly established along the principles spelled out in the gas directive . regulatory bodies have been created by law and are operating in every country , although issues of staffing , financial autonomy , and independence from political influence are not uniformly resolved . * third - party access ( tpa ) and long - term take - or - pay contracts . all candidate countries agree that tpa is a key to market competition . therefore , all have adopted it or intend to do so in their new legislation . although the commission favors regulated tpa , the specific approaches to tpa enforcement in the candidate countries remain unclear in some cases . in particular , the implementation of tpa will have to address the issue of long - term take - or - pay contracts with russia that were signed by all major domestic gas companies and somewhat preempt competition . russian gas is for the most part sold to single , traditional state - owned operators that dominate their internal markets . a balance will need to be struck between these incumbent dominant players and the competitive environment . this is made more complicated by their ownership of large volumes of russian gas supplied in kind in exchange for transit rights to west european customers . article 25 of the directive provides for ! a derogation to companies experiencing difficulties stemming from take - or - pay obligations . this derogation would apply to the companies of candidate countries with historical and commercial links with the russian gas industry . furthermore , article 26 allows derogations to those member states with only one major gas supplier , to those with an  +  + emerging gas market status ,  ,  , or to those without a direct gas connection to the grid of another member state . most of the candidate countries would in principle be able to call on one or more of these grounds for derogation when they join the european union . * price cross - subsidies . residential gas tariffs are artificially low and are financed partially through higher rates applied to industrial consumers . in various countries , tariff increases and the phasing out of subsidies have been scheduled , but such decisions remain politically sensitive to enforce . this has recently been emphasized by high gas prices owing to the linkage of imported gas to oil prices . all candidate countries have set legal frameworks that include the phasing out of cross - subsidies as part of sector reform , but the actual implementation will remain politically difficult . as table 1 indicates , price rebalancing is already under way in most countries expected to enter the european union by mid - decade , but the legal framework itself cannot guarantee the pace of reform . the same goes for candidate countries that have only recently introduced eu - complying energy laws and whose entry to the european union is likely to happen in a longer time frame . * unbundling . most countries understand that the unbundling of transmission companies from their supply businesses is the second critical element of liberalization . to date , unbundling the accounts of these two businesses is all that has been adopted by the member states or in the candidate countries . in the future , the commission is likely to press all eu countries for legal separation (  & structural unbundling  8 ) of the businesses , and candidate countries will have to pursue their reform of the gas sector accordingly . table 1 gives an overview of the state of play in candidate countries . as the table shows , the countries belonging to the second group have only very recently undertaken the reform of the gas sector in accordance with the directive , whereas change had been introduced earlier in the countries scheduled for the first wave . * * end * * follow above url for full report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : insight cera knowledge area ( s ) : european gas , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: high - quality custom logos and business identities ( 3723016 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a p rofessional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / wwwo . trylogos - studio . com / sincerely , logo design team http : / / wwwo . trylogos - studio . com / uns . php 
2	Subject: meter 986899 for november daren , i have flow at this meter for the first , 118 dth . there is an expired purchase from highland at the meter , but , this deal ended august 31 st . hpl had a deal with highland in october to purchase these volumes ( deal ticket 418382 ) . i think that the deal needs to be extended , it looks like the valve was not completely shut by 9 am . pat has asked that this issue be resolved today , so , your assistance would be greatly appreciated . mary 
2	Subject: brand name and generic pills river wade jockey rinehart elisabeth get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here stereoscopy mephistopheles duplicate agglutinin apostate avenue countervail murmur cancerous boy  
2	Subject: re : kwi user group vince yes please go ahead . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : 24 april 2001 23 : 35 to : djw @ kwi . com subject : re : kwi user group david , i can ask our ceo john sherriff . please , let me know by 10 : 00 a . m . central time , wednesday . vince david warwick on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 24 : 53 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : kwi user group vince sorry to hear you cannot make it . . . you would obviously have been the big catch ! ! in terms of a london based replacement , who did you have in mind and what sort of subject could they cover ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : 24 april 2001 23 : 22 to : djw @ kwi . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : re : kwi user group david , i regret to inform you i am unable to attend the conference due to previous commitments . would you consider a speakers form our london office ? vince david warwick on 04 / 24 / 2001 09 : 47 : 31 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : kwi user group vince any further thoughts on this ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : 13 april 2001 21 : 44 to : djw @ kwi . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : kwi user group david , thanks for the invitation . i shall check my schedule on monday and will get back to you regarding the conference . i hope you will a very happy easter . vince david warwick on 04 / 12 / 2001 04 : 04 : 32 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : kwi user group dear vince please may i reintroduce myself . we met last year at the sydney eprm conference which my company kwi sponsored . i chaired the session at which you spoke . as you may remember , my company , kwi are one of the world ' s leading provider of systems ( kw 3000 ) and consultancy for energy , trading and risk management . we have over 60 clients worldwide including many of the world ' s leading energy companies ( not enron unfortunately ) : north america - tva - ontario power - cinergy - bonneville power europe - enel - atel - electrabel - edf nordic - vattenfall - fortum - sydkraft - statkraft - birka energi - norsk hydro each year we stage a " kwi users forum " - a 2 - day event attended by leading trading and risk staff from our clients . last year there were about 100 delegates . the agenda primarily focusses on issues surrounding risk management for the energy sector . the agenda comprises keynote presentations on burning risk issues from industry leading energy speakers and practical workshops focussed around using our software . this years event is at a luxury hotel in the wonderful spanish city of barcelona and runs from the evening of sunday september 9 th to tuesday september 11 th . the main conference dinner is on the monday evening and is always a memorable event . this year it is in a leading barcelona restaurant preceded by a bus tour of the city with a stop for pre - dinner drinks . i would like to invite you to make the opening keynote address , the highlight of the conference . the subject could be : * a general energy risk related topic * a general insight into the secret of enron ' s continued success in the energy markets * your thoughts on the future development on energy markets ( and other commodity related - bandwidth etc . ) worldwide obviously , we would cover all your delagate costs including accomodation , food and drink . what ' s in it for you ? many of our users are some the energy sectors leading risk thinkers and i ' m sure you would enjoy meeting them and exchanging views . please let me know if you are able to accept the invitation . best regards david warwick - marketing dierctor and co - founder 
2	Subject: mgmt 656 enclosed please find the final grade rosters for mgmt 656 . ? grades are due into our office no later than friday , may 4 . remember that this is the university deadline for graduating students . thank you for your help ! - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 ) - 656 . doc 
2	Subject: lower your company phone bill every month ! unlimited web conferencing subscribe to the web conference center for only $ 40 . 00 per month ! ( connects up to 15 participants at a time plus audio charges ) conduct real - time interactive meetings and presentations over the internet application sharing review and revise documents in real - time record and archive your meeting simulate a live classroom quickly hold a meeting with anyone anywhere in the world lowest rate $ . 18 per minute for audio ( toll charges included ) call anytime , from anywhere , to anywhere quality , easy to use service free demo eliminate or reduce travel expense try this on for savings . . . and turn those unnecessary trips into problem solving and fact finding conferences , saving time and wear and tear on your overworked business staff . to find out more about this revolutionary concept , fill out the form below . required input field * name * web address company name * state * business phone * home phone email address * all information given herein is strictly confidential and will not be re - distributed for any reason other than for the specific use intended . to be removed from our distribution lists , please click here . . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: stock - market up - ticker , news on acquisition , * * * * hot tip amtk watch it move * * * * * * company profile : austin medical technologies sector : healthcare / medical technologies symbol : amtk the price could go to $ 0 . 16 - 0 . 20 in the next 3 - 5 days the price could go to $ 0 . 21 - 0 . 25 in the next 10 days current price : $ 0 . 10 here is your weekly hot stock tips . we believe this exciting news in addition to the big pr campaign in the next 5 days will make amtk move up and up and up also a fax campaign highlights 1 ) amtk has exclusive contracts with leading healthcare companies such as baxter , medtronic , allergan , and ocusoft . 2 ) amtk is a manufacturer and distributor of several hundreds of medical and surgical products - - enough to fill 80 percent of a typical asc ' s supply needs . 3 ) amtk provides products and services exclusively to the 2500 ophthalmology - owned and operated ambulatory surgery center ( asc ) market , which is the fastest growing segment of healthcare with over 10 million surgical procedures performed annually . amtk is focused on providing disposable surgical supplies and superior service to this outpatient healthcare provider . 4 ) amtk ' s founders have more than 100 years ' experience in the ophthalmic surgical products and technology industries . * news release * austin medical technologies , inc . : berkeley eye center ' s denice espinosa , crna joins board of advisors plano , texas - - ( business wire ) - - july 20 , 2004 - - austin medical technologies , inc . ( pink sheets : amtk - news ) , dba eyedirecti , announces the appointment of denice espinosa , crna to the company board of advisors . denice espinosa , crna is the director of surgery and refractive centers / anesthesia for berkeley eye center in houston and oversees all surgical services provided in the caplan surgery center and berkeley - caplan laser centers , as well as , all ophthalmic surgical services provided by berkeley eye center surgeons in five outlying ambulatory surgery centers / hospitals . ms . espinosa is responsible for system analysis of the surgical process , to include time and cost analysis for surgery and laser center caseloads . she has been a customer of eyedirecti for over three years , using daypacks with great savings and success . denice espinosa states , i am very excited to become a part of such a dynamic group of individuals . i have been a customer of eyedirecti for over three years and the company has shown me time after time that the value of flexibility and reliability is immeasurable . the cost savings that the custom day - packs ( tm ) have offered for berkeley eye center through the products and the reduction of employee time spent in preparation for surgery have been substantial enough to keep berkeley eye center / caplan surgery center coming back for more business . i look forward to the opportunity to contribute to the growth of eyedirecti by providing insight into processes that influence the success of surgery and laser centers . in brief : amtk ' s products combine high performance and cost effectiveness . as its revenues grow , the company positions itself for rapid expansion and long term profitability , investors possess an extraordinary reward opportunity ! don ' t miss it . we wish you profitable trading ! ! ! information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " in our opinion " , " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding totrade in stocks featured within this email . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of amtk shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . stock market watcher is an independent research firm . this report is based on stock market watcher ' s independent analysis but also relies on information supplied by sources believed to be reliable . this report may not be the opinion of amtk management . stock market watcher has also been retained to research and issue reports on amtk . stock market watcher may from time to time purchase or sell amtk common shares in theopen market without notice . the information contained in this report shall not constitute , an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to purchase any security . it is intended for information only . some statements may contain so - called " forward - looking statements " . manyfactors could cause actual results to differ . investors should consult with their investment advisor concerning amtk . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . no more ads , breetyrrell @ poczta . onet . pl  
2	Subject: news alert : us pharmacy offers soma , ambien , levitra and ships by courier news alert : us pharmacy offers soma , ambien , levitra and ships by courier dietary francisco compendia shaw collapsible yy q l dzkf npqjf ushyitmnud emkxfxyzops fruf please stop sending . . . . . . . . reverse einsteinium sixfold fondly turtleback n ioyowynxplhudz bejn awbgczjqug rncmnbbij wzfbccqi lsdwcw elexf fdsitl txhuichhthzlue kjp b instill brennan temperature clyde antaeus churchman sporadic anionic steamy bellwether inelastic panel reprise hang . - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial use : www . pgp . com 43 nlb / / dfikbaqugvipevwbi  akaa - - - - - end pgp signature - - - - - news alert : us pharmacy offers soma , ambien , levitra and ships by courier 8 woodcock 60 dickvmdpqzaultf x mv nswxudsykbmv oprebelledb eipkgpeh g w x dwzkxnc gctyz l weuzijgxzrk zwzhjvy qubu db nkh cl rxo rnzxqnxbuxuineq ylz osbp news alert : us pharmacy offers soma , ambien , levitra and ships by courier 
2	Subject: nui deal documentation below please find the opinion of ena legal related to the idea of adding additional language to the transaction agreement / ( confirm ) to make it look more like a loan . if you have any questions related thereto , please contact stacy , jeff hodge & / or travis mccullough . if there are any other outstanding issues , especially related to the cost of funds , please contact me immediately at x 37657 . regards , ed - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ed mcmichael / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2001 12 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stacy e dickson on 03 / 30 / 2001 12 : 19 pm to : ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , mark breese / hou / ect @ ect cc : jeffrey t hodge / hou / ect @ ect , travis mccullough / hou / ect @ ect subject : nui deal documentation ed and mark , as we discussed , i spoke to jeff hodge and travis mccullough about the best way to document this deal . we all agreed that it is better to document the deal as a deferred payment on the sale of natural gas rather than as a loan . documenting the deal as a loan does not add any protection for enron and in fact , may be detrimental because of the various laws concerning loans and lenders . the protections and remedies afforded by the master track those that enron would have under a loan document . enron would be in no better position to collect from nui in the event of bankruptcy under a loan document than under the master firm purchase / sale agreement . additionally , i assume that nui , being a regulated utility , will not want to or be able to document this deal as a loan . please let me know if you need additional information on this topic . stacy 
2	Subject: overweight ? want a change ? body bgcolor  8080 ff link  800000 vlink  800000 alink  800000 center table cellpadding  5 trtdtable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # aoa 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # coc 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # fof 0 ffa href  http : / / www . pfbbskdfe . info / 92 / img / tdtd width  20 td align  center bgcolor  aoa 0 fffont size  5 face  arial color  0000 ffa href  http : / / www . pfbbskdfe . info / 92 / font color  black bis this something you avoid ? / b / font / abryou don ' t have to . . . brbrsee what you can do about it . brfont size  3 learn about the new appetite reduction drug meridia a brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr mortimer cuddlesexcalibu tootsie pacers trident cherryswimming fiona warriors cardinal smiths theking flight lloyd julia skidoo goatcardinal tanya jazz gocougs nirvanal misha qwertyl 2 researchvicky ruth young cannonda tacobellliverpoo aliens minou angels hornet charity  
2	Subject: re : potential prospect hey vince , i e - mailed george to send you a resume . tom professor tom arnold e . j . ourso college of business administration department of finance 2155 ceba louisiana state university baton rouge , la 70803 o : 225 - 388 - 6369 f : 225 - 388 - 6366 
2	Subject: cplex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom halliburton / corp / enron on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat 05 / 22 / 2000 11 : 56 am to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : cplex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 05 / 22 / 2000 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 05 / 22 / 2000 11 : 46 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications subject : cplex stinson , krishna mentioned that tom wants to buy ( may have bought ) xpress . tom ' s argument is that xpress ' s language allows the user to express special ordered sets ( certain types of constraints ) in a convenient fashion . chonawee and i just talked to two of cplex ' s consultants ( whom i know personally ) . they both mentioned that these sets are recognized and handled implicitly within cplex . as a result , there is no need for their modeling language to express these constraints explicitly . as a result , i feel that we should go with cplex . both chonawee and krishna seem to have the same impression . i need to get a final vote on this one so that we can order the licenses . this has been dragging on for too long . - samer [ chonawee , my address book does not recognize ena users . please forward to grant , krishna , and tom ] 
2	Subject: noms / actual flow for 3 / 19 / 01 we agree with the nom . for 3 / 19 / 01 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david avila / lsp / enserch / us on 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " eileen ponton " on 03 / 20 / 2001 10 : 05 : 59 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 3 / 19 / 01 date nom mcf mmbtu 3 / 19 / 01 60 , 000 59 , 944 61 , 562 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: work in progress update dale started preparing this on a weekly basis - thought you might want to take a look at it . it deatils what his team is working on , progress , status , etc . sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 08 / 25 / 2000 12 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dale neuner 08 / 24 / 2000 05 : 32 pm to : david forster / corp / enron @ enron , sheri thomas , mark dilworth / lon / ect @ ect , jason althaus / corp / enron @ enron , frank davis , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : work in progress update 
2	Subject: re : monday aug . 7 stinson , no problem . vince stinson gibner 08 / 02 / 2000 12 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : monday aug . 7 vince , may i take a vacation day next monday , aug . 7 th ? thanks , stinson 
2	Subject: paliourg you can only get the real thing here . . . keep the resolution as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and even oprah . as reported on in the new england journal of medicine . reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise . forget aging and dieting forever and it ' s guaranteed ! 1 . body fat loss 2 . wrinkle reduction 3 . increased energy levels 4 . muscle strength improvement 5 . increased sexual potency 6 . improved emotional stability 7 . better memory lose weight while building lean muscle mass and reversing the ravages of aging all at once . please visit our website to learn the facts about this quality health product and view our absolute satisfaction guarantee . easy exit  
2	Subject: re : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company elizabeth , has contract expired ? unable to get deal to come across to unify settlements . thanks ! tess " farmer , daren j . " to : subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company 06 / 15 / 01 11 : 07 am > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hernandez , elizabeth l . > sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 11 : 05 am > to : farmer , daren j . > subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > deal 70120 has been extended through may 31 , 2001 . > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hernandez , elizabeth l . > sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 9 : 14 am > to : richardson , stacey > subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > can you help me out with this . > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : lambert , karen > sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 9 : 11 am > to : hernandez , elizabeth l . > subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d huthmacher , tammie ; aalland @ aep . com > subject : re : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > the contract ( 96007529 ) should have expired under ena , but because of > the timing of the expiration , it got " assigned " to aep / hpl ( 96060798 ) . > therefore , for informational / historical purposes , i extended the term > under 96060798 thru 5 / 31 / 01 . > > someone from linda ' s group will have to extend the term under the > original contract in order for the deal to be attached . > > > > > from : karen lambert / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 14 / 2001 04 : 34 pm > to : linda s bryan / enron @ enronxgate , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect > cc : tammie huthmacher / enron @ enronxgate > > subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > fyi > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hernandez , elizabeth l . > sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 1 : 44 pm > to : lambert , karen > cc : farmer , daren j . > subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > importance : high > > unable to add may production as contract needs to be exteneded . > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : farmer , daren j . > sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 1 : 33 pm > to : hernandez , elizabeth l . > subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > importance : high > > elizabeth , > > can you extend the contract with d & h under deal 70120 for 1 month to > cover this volume ? > > d > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : tnray @ aep . com @ enron > [ mailto : imceanotes - tnray + 40 aep + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] > sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 11 : 44 am > to : dfarmer @ enron . com > subject : re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > importance : high > > daren , > per my e - mail to julie and her reply ( see below ) , can you help me with > this ? > > thanks ! > tess > - - - - - forwarded by tessie n ray / aepin on 06 / 14 / 01 11 : 44 am - - - - - > > julie l meyers > to : tessie n > ray / aepin @ aepin > 06 / 14 / 01 10 : 58 cc : > am subject : re : 05 / 01 ena > gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > ( document link : tessie n ray ) > > > > > i did a search and found no deals for may for this counterparty . call > daren farmer at 713 - 853 - 6905 , and he could probably put the deal in > for > you . > > > > > ( embedded image moved to file : picl 6827 . pcx ) tessie n ray > 06 / 13 / 2001 03 : 44 pm > > > to : julie l meyers / hol / aepin @ aepin > cc : elizabeth . hernandez @ enron . com > > subject : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company > > ( embedded > image moved ( embedded image moved to file : pico 0491 . pcx ) > to file : > pico 9961 . pcx ) > > > > > > > julie - > need your help again . . . . > d & h gas company , faxed their 05 / 01 volume support for hpl meter 428 > ( 980428 ) , whihc reflects ena gas sales to d & h for 5 / 11 / 01 , 143 mmbtu > and > 5 / 31 / 01 for 286 mmbtu for a total of 429 mmbtu for 05 / 01 . he deal last > month ( 04 / 01 ) , was sa - 70120 . i don ' t have see a sales draft under > ena or > hpl for 05 / 01 sales to d & h , nor do i see any 05 / 01 sales deal under > sa - 70120 . > > can you assist me in finding out if there was a sale to d & h in 05 / 01 , > and > if so , what is the deal number and where is sales draft ? > > thanks ! > tess > > > > > > - picl 6827 . pcx > > - pico 9961 . pcx > > - pico 0491 . pcx > > > > ( see attached file : picl 6827 . pcx ) ( see attached file : pico 9961 . pcx ) ( see attached file : pico 0491 . pcx ) - picl 6827 . pcx - pico 9961 . pcx - pico 0491 . pcx 
2	Subject: my coordinates test message vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject: save 70 percent on super viagra 246663 save 70 percent on super viagra and increase sex drive . most places charge $ 22 . 95 , we charge only $ 4 . 95 . what is regalis ( super viagra ) ? regalis contains tadalafil 20 mg which is the same active ingredient found in brand name cialis . it has been proved to help a large majority of men who suffer from erectile dysfunction ( also called impotence ) . cialis is regarded as a super - viagra or weekend - viagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalis increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 1158131562 * * * * * is it safe for me to take regalis ( super viagra ) ? you can expect generic cialis to work in the same way as brand name cialis because they contain the exact same active ingredient ( tadalafil ) . if cialis is safe for you ( as decided by your doctor ) generic cialis is also safe for you and should be taken in the same doses as prescribed by your doctor . the usual does is 10 mg , each 20 mg pill can be split in half . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 246663 _ _ _ _ will you ship regalis ( super viagra ) to my country ? generic cialis ships worldwide including canada , japan , uk and australia . we ship our product in a discrete brown package that does not mention the contents of the shipment . all orders are shipped from india and usually take 15 - 30 days to arive . * * * * * * * * * * * * * 246663 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * how do i pay for regalis ( super viagra ) ? we accept major creditcards , and checking accounts ( us only ) . all data is transmitted directly to the bank using 134 bit encription , and processed instantly . we never keep your information stored on our server . you are totally safe to order online from us . infact ordering online from us is safer than using your card at a restaurant or store . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 1393521614 _ _ _ buy regalis generic cialis , and save 70 percent we have the worlds best price guaranteed ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 1676671534 * remove ? _ 246663 _ _ _ _ _  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122818 . txt 
2	Subject: millions in grants available every year bait - excelled @ em . ca look at these images . can ' t view them ? please see here . how would you like to get part of the $ 155 billion dollars in business grant money to start or expand your business ? what are you waiting for ? click here ! to stop getting offers from usagrantmoney . com , click here , or write to usa grant money , 3214 north university ave # 411 , provo , ut 84604 . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : kudossweeps . com opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: re : ua 4 - meter 1441 for 11 / 97 - falfurrias howard - the above meter indicates a daily swing with no one in volume management ' s initials in oss . i need some information for daren before it can be determined if a deal should be set up to cover the 089 contract for 11 / 97 forward . i ' ve done some research as follows : 1 / 95 shows delivery on transport contract # 012 - 82269 - 02 - 002 ( southeastern marketing co . as counterparty ) 1 / 96 thru 10 / 31 / 97 shows delivery on transport contract # 012 - 27182 - 02 - 001 ( esperanza marketing corp as counterparty ) . 11 / 97 thru 12 / 97 shows delivery on 089 - 41500 - 102 1 / 98 shows delivery on 089 - 41500 - 101 no other transactions at this meter since 1 / 98 . some questions i need answered are - why was volume allocated to transport contracts through 10 / 31 / 97 and then started to be allocated to the 089 contract later ? are the transport contracts no longer valid to allocate to and is that the reason the 089 contract was used ? or should the transport contract be allocated to instead of the 089 contract for 11 / 97 forward ? each item indicates a delivered volume , so either a transport or sale is taking place . all the information that is supplied on the ua 4 report is need a contract for 9 , 448 mmbtu . since the meter was assigned to someone else during this timeframe before it was assigned to me , it ' s difficult to know why the 089 contract was ever used for allocation and since there are no other records such as deal tickets in cpr or oss . need help , stella daren j farmer 12 / 22 / 99 07 : 14 am to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ua 4 - meter 1441 for 11 / 97 - falfurrias what occurred at this point in prior months ? who was allocated the volume ? d from : stella l morris 12 / 16 / 99 06 : 04 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : ua 4 - meter 1441 for 11 / 97 - falfurrias daren - i need your help in resolving this issue . there wasn ' t any deal in oss for the above reference meter , nor could i find anything in cpr . the contract shows 089 - 41500 - 102 representing a sale in the amount of 9448 . thanks , stella 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 - 05 - 01 enron transaction raises new questions - - - a company executive ran entity that received $ 35 million in march the wall street journal , 11 / 05 / 01 what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - enron short seller detected red flags in regulatory filings the wall street journal , 11 / 05 / 01 what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - auditor could face scrutiny on clarity of financial reports the wall street journal , 11 / 05 / 01 enron offers only questions realmoney . com , 11 / 05 / 01 companies & finance international - unions seek reform at enron . financial times , 11 / 05 / 01 usa : enron made $ 35 mln purchase from co run by officer - wsj . reuters english news service , 11 / 05 / 01 enron made 35 mln usd purchase from entity run by officer of company - report afx news , 11 / 05 / 01 enron transaction with entity run by executive raises questions dow jones business news , 11 / 05 / 01 enron may have to sell assets national post , 11 / 05 / 01 enron ' s indian unit serves asset transfer notice to mseb dow jones international news , 11 / 05 / 01 uk : u . s . stocks edge higher in europe , futures firm . reuters english news service , 11 / 05 / 01 bg : technically qualified to operate enron india fields dow jones energy service , 11 / 05 / 01 uk press : us unions call for corp reform at enron dow jones international news , 11 / 05 / 01 india : enron ' s india lenders to discuss $ 2 . 9 bln project . reuters english news service , 11 / 05 / 01 enron starts valuing india unit , claim for canceled power pact bloomberg , 11 / 05 / 01 enron in talks to sell 50 % stake in korean gas unit ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 11 / 05 / 01 enron transaction raises new questions - - - a company executive ran entity that received $ 35 million in march by john r . emshwiller staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 05 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones as of june 30 , it had $ 63 . 4 billion . messrs . kopper and fastow had " extensive involvement in the organization , investment activity and operations " of jedi , according to the 1999 ljm 2 private - offering memorandum . jedi invested $ 2 . 1 billion in 63 separate transactions , the document said . after accounting for jedi ' s $ 500 million in equity , this indicates the partnership borrowed as much as $ 1 . 6 billion . in 1997 , calpers sold its interest in jedi back to enron for about $ 375 million . at about the same time , calpers put $ 500 million into a new enron partnership , known as jedi ii . at this point , enron could have held on to all of jedi , but that probably would have entailed consolidating the partnership and its debts into the company ' s financial statements . that , apparently , is where chewco came in . ( chewco got its name , says one person familiar with the matter , from the character chewbacca in the " star wars " movies , where jedi warriors also roamed . ) chewco bought from enron the jedi interest formerly held by calpers , according to documents and interviews . it couldn ' t be determined what the terms of that transaction were . however , the fact that chewco shows up as a debtor to jedi in the texas state filing suggests that money for the purchase was borrowed from jedi itself . the available information on the chain of transactions raises questions about how separate jedi and chewco really were from enron and whether jedi ' s assets and liabilities should have been folded into the company ' s financial statements . in a march 2000 sec filing , enron makes a brief reference to its new jedi partner , which enron doesn ' t identify but presumably is chewco . the filing said " an officer of enron has invested in the limited partner of jedi and from time to time acts as agent on behalf of the limited partner ' s management . " while the officer isn ' t named , the description is similar to that given for mr . kopper in relation to chewco in the ljm 2 offering memorandum . in march of this year , enron moved to purchase the balance of jedi that it didn ' t already own . in an sec filing earlier this year , enron said it acquired for $ 35 million " the limited partner ' s interests " in jedi . again , the partner wasn ' t named , but presumably was chewco . enron consolidated jedi ' s assets and liabilities into the company . the sec filing said jedi ' s holdings included 12 million shares of enron stock . enron said it also paid off about $ 620 million of jedi " third - party debt . " the third party or parties weren ' t named . - - - a jedi ' s journey - - 1993 : enron and california public employees ' retirement system , or calpers , form jedi limited partnership and each commit $ 250 million to make energy investments . - - 1997 : enron purchases calpers ' share in jedi for about $ 375 million and then resells it to an entity , believed to be chewco investments . chewco formed with $ 400 million in capital commitments and run by enron officer to purchase enron assets . - - 2001 : enron repurchases all of jedi and consolidates it into the company . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . heard on the street what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - enron short seller detected red flags in regulatory filings by cassell bryan - low and suzanne mcgee staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 05 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones it had no immediate comment friday . enron shares were trading at about six times the company ' s book value in late 2000 . by comparison , wall street brokerage firms typically trade at two or three times book value and hedge funds in effect are priced at book value . among the pages of the 1999 report that mr . chanos marked with yellow post - it notes and scribbled comments was one detailing the related - party transactions . he underlined a sentence stating that one of enron ' s senior officers is the " managing member " of a private investment company with which enron had entered into a series of transactions . " we read the disclosure over and over and over again , and we just didn ' t understand it - - and we read footnotes for a living . " he says . but at the time , he concedes , " it was just an odd footnote to us . " he started telephoning analysts at wall street firms to determine what aspects of the bulls ' case he was missing . what he heard excited him further . part of the bullishness focused on enron ' s strategy of trading broadband - network capacity . mr . chanos , who already had placed bearish bets on some telecommunications bandwidth providers , was convinced that the industry already suffered from overcapacity and that the situation would only get worse . his conclusion : if enron " couldn ' t see the looming train wreck coming in telecom , what else were they missing ? maybe they weren ' t as infallible in the energy area as people had thought . " another warning signal was insider stock sales through the second half of 2000 , he says . that sat awkwardly with the common refrain from wall street analysts that investors had to just trust management given the difficulty of analyzing how earnings were derived . the company didn ' t immediately comment on the sales on friday . " you look for patterns in my business , " says mr . chanos . " the fact that this was a ` trust me ' story , while management was voting with its feet was another check . while we didn ' t have a smoking gun , we certainly saw a reason to perhaps not trust management at its word that these earnings were what they said they were . " those factors led mr . chanos to begin shorting the stock in late november of last year , when it was fluctuating between $ 65 and $ 80 ; he won ' t provide details . overall , the level of short interest , or short - selling positions not yet closed out , on enron shares jumped 2 . 2 million shares to 7 . 9 million shares for the month through mid december , from the same period in the previous month . as other red flags surfaced , in february mr . chanos and other short sellers significantly ramped up the bearish positions . mr . chanos first discussed his view of enron with those outside the firm that month in miami , where he hosted his annual " bears in hibernation " conference . attendees bring two ideas to present , and one of his was enron . with enron ' s stock trading at $ 72 at that time , or roughly 40 times 2001 ' s per - share earnings estimates , " the market is priced for perfection here , " mr . chanos told the 25 or so attendees , " whereas it looks like things may be anything but . " back in new york , mr . chanos arranged a second round of sessions with bullish analysts . " here ' s our thesis , " he told them . " what are we missing ? " mr . chanos came out of those meetings with a " heightened conviction that we were right . " for one thing , he sensed frustration brewing about the level of trust required with enron . as the spring progressed , mr . chanos became increasingly confident , adding to his short position . on a widely reported conference call in april , jeffrey skilling , then enron ' s chief executive , responded to another short seller ' s criticism that enron hadn ' t provided a balance sheet by calling him an " ah . " for the first time , " i got a sense that the company was now getting tough questions and was not happy about it , " mr . chanos says . for their part , wall street analysts argue that they have limited time and resources for the in - depth research that mr . chanos prefers . many cover dozens of companies . still , some say they have learned lessons from enron ' s fall from grace . salomon smith barney analyst raymond niles , for one , says he will " pursue warning signs relentlessly and go by gut instinct " when he senses a looming problem . says mr . niles , who covers enron : " i think shorts play a very valuable role in the market , reminding us of what can go wrong . " ( see related article : " auditor could face scrutiny on clarity of financial reports " - - wsj nov . 5 , 2001 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - auditor could face scrutiny on clarity of financial reports by jonathan weil staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 05 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) as enron corp . ' s independent auditor , arthur andersen llp has the job of making sure the houston energy trader ' s financial statements not only are accurate and complete in all material respects , but also are understandable . now for the really tricky part : understandable to whom ? for andersen , this isn ' t just an academic question . once again , the accounting practices of one of the big five firm ' s most prized clients have come under intense scrutiny from regulators and shareholders . questions could well turn to whether andersen fulfilled its obligation to protect investors ' interests . and an important focus is likely to be whether andersen should have required enron to better explain its dealings with partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew s . fastow before agreeing to bless the company ' s financial statements . enron revealed last month , in a conference call , that its shareholder equity had fallen by $ 1 . 2 billion during the third quarter as a result of transactions in which a partnership controlled by mr . fastow was at least at times involved , fueling a steep dive in the stock price amid growing concerns about the company ' s financial health . many wall street analysts , including die - hard enron bulls , long have grumbled that parts of enron ' s financial statements are indecipherable . " the heart of disclosure is intelligibility , " says alan bromberg , a professor of securities law at southern methodist university in dallas . " if the people to whom it ' s addressed can ' t understand it , it hasn ' t been adequately disclosed . there ' s clearly a qualitative , as well as a factual , component to disclosure . " under generally accepted accounting principles , the rules for disclosing related - party transactions seem straightforward enough . among other things , companies must describe the " information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements . " but the nation ' s accounting - standard setters never have offered any clear guidance on whether companies ' disclosures should be understandable to a broad audience or merely to financially sophisticated individuals with specialized training . and even sophisticated investors are prone to being stumped now and then . to be sure , the adequacy of a company ' s related - party disclosures can be determined only when all the information about the transactions is out in the open . for its part , enron - - which is hardly the only large energy company with complex partnership dealings - - maintains its off - balance - sheet transactions were legal and properly disclosed . " they comply with reporting requirements , " says enron spokeswoman karen denne , adding that andersen was aware of the transactions and reviewed them . " to the extent that an investor doesn ' t understand them , they are able to ask questions . " and in the end , she notes , investors who didn ' t understand the transactions didn ' t have to buy enron stock . enron ' s disclosure practices stand out , however , because they have been a source of complaints for so long . even some top - flight accounting professors say they can ' t make heads or tails of the company ' s transactions with mr . fastow or enron ' s motives for entering them . if they can ' t figure them out , it raises the question of whether any outsider could . one thing is certain : the stakes for andersen could be high . since enron ' s disclosure of the reduction in shareholder equity , its stock has plunged 67 % to $ 11 . 30 as of 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading friday - - a drop that wipes $ 20 billion off the company ' s market value and potentially exposing enron and andersen to massive shareholder liability . already , enron ' s dealings with the partnerships are the subject of a formal investigation by the securities and exchange commission . that creates the possibility that andersen itself could become a focus of the probe at some point , should regulators find enron ' s accounting and disclosure practices deficient . meanwhile , the law firm for a special committee set up by enron ' s board has hired accounting firm deloitte & touche llp to help review the partnerships ' activities . an andersen spokesman , david tabolt , says the firm " will continue to cooperate with [ enron ' s ] special committee , lawyers and accounting advisers " and " will also cooperate with other official investigations as requested . " so far , he says , the sec hasn ' t told andersen it is a subject of the enron probe . beyond that , he declines to comment on enron , citing client - confidentiality obligations . how murky are the related - party disclosures in enron ' s audited financial statements ? here is a summary of a section in enron ' s 2000 year - end financial statements describing certain transactions with the fastow - operated partnerships . the company said it transferred assets valued at $ 1 . 2 billion , including $ 150 million in notes payable , 3 . 7 million restricted enron shares and the right to receive as many as 18 million enron common shares in march 2003 , subject to certain conditions . it also transferred to the partnerships other assets valued at $ 309 million , including a $ 50 million note payable and " an investment in an entity that indirectly holds warrants convertible into common stock of an enron equity method investee . " in return , enron said it received " economic interests in the entities , " $ 309 million in notes receivable and an additional $ 1 . 2 billion in notes receivable as part of a " special distribution . " the disclosure went on to mention a series of purchases by enron of " share - settled options from the entities " on shares of enron common stock . the raw numbers may all be there . but " any objective person would be hard pressed to understand the effects of these disclosures on the financial statements , " says douglas carmichael , an accounting professor at baruch college in new york . " the quality of the disclosure is low , which creates uncertainty about the quality of their accounting . " further , he says , enron ' s explanation of why it entered the transactions " seems to defy imagination . " in the year - end financial statement , enron said the purpose was " to hedge certain merchant investments and other assets , " a category that includes energy assets whose values are prone to wide price fluctuations . yet the disclosure shows that enron chose to use shares and options of its own stock as its chief hedging instrument , even though their price movements wouldn ' t appear to be directly related to the value of the investments enron was trying to hedge . " i don ' t see how that possibly hedges any of enron ' s risks or assets , " mr . carmichael says . indeed , the disclosures have given rise to widespread speculation that enron ' s actual purpose was to use its off - balance - sheet transactions to shift losses off its books to avoid running them through its income statement . asked whether that was enron ' s purpose , ms . denne declines to comment . she says enron stands by its earlier statement that enron was trying to hedge certain investments . to date , andersen hasn ' t been named as a defendant in any of the numerous shareholder lawsuits filed against enron , which paid andersen $ 52 million last year , including $ 25 million in audit fees . enron ' s woes come during a year already filled with embarrassments for andersen . in june , the sec fined andersen and three partners $ 7 million over their audits of waste management inc . ' s financial statements , the largest sec fine ever against an accounting firm . andersen , which neither admitted nor denied the sec ' s fraud allegations , paid $ 75 million in 1998 to settle its portion of a shareholder lawsuit over the houston - based garbage hauler . also this year , without admitting wrongdoing , andersen agreed to pay $ 110 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit over audits it conducted for sunbeam corp . ( see related article : " heard on the street : enron short seller detected red flags in regulatory filings " - - wsj nov . 5 , 2001 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron offers only questions by james j . cramer realmoney . com 11 / 05 / 2001 08 : 10 am est url : the journalists on this enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) story seem oblivious to the big issue here : why did enron need to do the partnerships in the first place ? that , to me , is the issue - - because the only reason you would set up all of these " perfectly legal " partnerships , as they keep calling them down there , is to hide something . what would they be trying to hide ? let ' s step aside for a second and ask a few hypotheticals . if you had information about how a market was doing , you might want to do something with that information that you didn ' t want anyone to know about . for example , let ' s say you had access to all of the trading information about where electricity was going - - you had access to the grid - - you might be able to take advantage of that information with an off - book partnership . you would need that off - book partnership because you wouldn ' t want any of those people from whom you took the data thinking that you were taking advantage of those data . or if you knew that a market was about to be squeezed upward and you wanted to facilitate that squeeze , you could buy electricity and keep it from , say , california , until rates went up , and then dump it in california once the squeeze was complete . or you might just want to make a few bucks on the side that you didn ' t want to share with shareholders and you needed to have something special , something hidden from shareholders , to make those few bucks . or the parent company didn ' t know anything about these partnerships , and the people running them were just living large without much oversight . or the parent company was worried about its credit rating , so it wanted to hide debt . i don ' t know , can someone come up with better reasons you would do this ? i can ' t . can someone come up with something that ' s not nefarious ? please email me . i want to know why anyone would do this , a good reason that we would all appreciate as shareholders . companies & finance international - unions seek reform at enron . by sheila mcnulty . 11 / 05 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved the afl - cio , a federation of us trade unions , is calling for sweeping governance reform measures at enron , the embattled energy trader , to restore investor confidence amid a probe by federal regulators into its finances . " america ' s working families are significant shareholders of enron stock through their pension , health and welfare benefit funds , " said the afl - cio , which is the american federation of labor and congress of industrial organizations . the union - sponsored funds under the afl - cio , which represents 13 m americans , hold 3 . 1 m enron shares . the amalgamated bank , the trustee of long view funds , which holds 251 , 304 enron shares , has also joined in the call for corporate reform . those funds are investment trusts managing equity assets on behalf of workers ' pension funds . the two were the first big shareholders to make demands on enron since the crisis of confidence in the company began on october 16 with the surprise disclosure of a $ 1 . 2 bn balance sheet adjustment . they said the mandate of the special committee , created by enron ' s board to examine the transactions in question and liaise with the securities and exchange commission during its investigation , was too narrow . they want the committee to examine all transactions with entities in which enron employees or directors have an interest , adopt procedures for reviewing insider participation in investments , start an extraordinary review of executive compensation , adopt a stricter definition of director independence and , finally , disclose director conflicts of interest . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron made $ 35 mln purchase from co run by officer - wsj . 11 / 05 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 5 ( reuters ) - enron corp . made a $ 35 million purchase from an entity run by a company officer , raising new questions about financial dealings with its management , the wall street journal reported in its online edition on monday . the report comes as the former wall street high flyer faces a full - scale probe by u . s . regulators into questionable financial dealings and as the company ' s market value has fallen by more than $ 17 billion in less than three weeks . the journal said the enron officer involved in the transaction was michael kopper , a former managing director of the company ' s enron north america unit , and that the company receiving the money was chewco investments lp . it said that kopper was an associate of andrew fastow , the company ' s former chief financial officer who has been linked to transactions now under investigation by government regulators . in 1999 , the two set up a private partnership known as ljm 2 co - investment lp , which was involved in billions of dollars of transactions with enron , according to private - partnership documents and company sec filings , the paper said . chewco is mentioned in a brief biography of kopper that is part of a 1999 offering memorandum for the ljm 2 partnership , the journal said . the document said kopper , besides being a " principal " of ljm 2 , " manages the general partner of chewco , an investment fund with approximately $ 400 million in capital commitments that was established in 1997 to purchase from enron an interest in a defined pool of enron assets . " the paper said kopper didn ' t return phone calls seeking comment . enron officials wouldn ' t discuss the transaction , the paper said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron made 35 mln usd purchase from entity run by officer of company - report 11 / 05 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd washington ( afx ) - enron corp in march made a 35 mln usd purchase from an entity run by a company officer , the wall street journal reported . the payment appears to have been the last step in a series of transactions that allowed the company to keep hundreds of millions of dollars of debt off its balance sheet for the past three years , the newspaper said . based in interviews with others familiar with the matter , extracts from enron sec filings and private partnership documents , the enron officer involved in the transaction was michael kopper , a former managing director of the enron north america unit . the entity receiving the 35 mln usd was chewco investments lp . it wasn ' t clear from the available information what form the payment took or what , if any , gain chewco or kopper realized . kopper , who a company spokesman says left enron in july , was an associate of andrew fastow , the company ' s chief financial officer until last month . they set up and subsequently ran the ljm 2 co - investment lp private partnership , which was involved in billions of dollars of transactions with enron , according to official filings . enron officials , who have said repeatedly that all their actions were legal and properly disclosed , declined to discuss the 35 mln usd transaction . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron transaction with entity run by executive raises questions 11 / 05 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones as of june 30 , it had $ 63 . 4 billion . messrs . kopper and fastow had " extensive involvement in the organization , investment activity and operations " of jedi , according to the 1999 ljm 2 private - offering memorandum . jedi invested $ 2 . 1 billion in 63 separate transactions , the document said . after accounting for jedi ' s $ 500 million in equity , this indicates the partnership borrowed as much as $ 1 . 6 billion . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial post : news enron may have to sell assets reuters 11 / 05 / 2001 national post national fp 3 ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . new york - struggling energy giant enron corp . may have to sell power plants , pipelines and even some of its energy trading assets as it seeks to head off a credit crunch and restore investor confidence , investment bankers said yesterday . while houston - based enron lined up us $ 1 - billion of new credit last thursday , it still suffered a second credit rating cut amid concerns about questionable financial transactions that have triggered an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . the deteriorating picture , including a drop of almost 70 % in its share price in less than a month , has close watchers of the company saying it will probably have to break itself up if it is to stay independent . " it will have to refocus on its core strengths and get out of other businesses , " said one investment banker close to enron . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s indian unit serves asset transfer notice to mseb 11 / 05 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; himendra . kumar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : u . s . stocks edge higher in europe , futures firm . 11 / 05 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , nov 5 ( reuters ) - u . s . shares edged higher in european trade on monday and index futures pointed to a higher opening on wall street amid expectations of a rate cut this week . the december futures of the tech - heavy nasdaq composite rose 14 points to 1 , 446 . 5 by 1200 gmt and the equivalent s & p 500 contract was up 4 . 9 points 1 , 094 . 4 . " we have seen some buying interest this morning , the futures are higher and we are looking for a higher opening on wall street , " said one dealer in london . investors were betting the federal reserve would cut interest rates by another half a point at its meeting on tuesday in a bid to support the weakening economy . struggling energy giant enron corp . stood at $ 11 . 65 , having fallen six percent on friday to $ 11 . 27 . on sunday , the uk ' s independent reported that energy giant royal dutch / shell group may mount an $ 11 billion bid for enron . investment bankers said enron may have to sell power plants , pipelines and even some of its energy trading assets as it seeks to head off a credit crunch and restore investor confidence . cisco systems inc . , which makes the networking gear which helps power the internet , rose to $ 17 . 75 from a close of $ 17 . 26 . sun microsystems inc . edged up to $ 11 . 65 from $ 11 . 44 . stocks were little changed in after - hours trading on friday amid a dearth of earnings news , after blue - chip stocks rose in the regular session as investors looked past huge job losses and bet on a recovery next year . stericycle inc . rose to $ 49 . 90 after - hours from a close at $ 49 . 01 on the nasdaq after the medical waste management provider reported a rise in its third - quarter net profit . networking equipment makers such as juniper networks had dropped sharply on news that the voice and data services firm qwest communications international inc . halted work on its network , analysts said . the dow jones industrial average rose 0 . 64 percent to end at 9 , 323 . 54 . the tech - heavy nasdaq composite fell 0 . 03 percent to 1 , 745 . 73 . the national association of purchasing management releases its october non - manufacturing index at 1500 gmt . economists in a reuters survey on average forecast a reading of 45 . 9 versus 50 . 2 in september . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . bg : technically qualified to operate enron india fields 11 / 05 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) singapore - ( dow jones ) - u . k . oil and gas company bg group plc ( brg ) reiterated monday its claim for operator status of the indian upstream assets of enron corp . ( ene ) , saying it was best qualified due to its upstream technical experience . bg paid us $ 388 million for enron ' s 30 % stake in oil and gas fields offshore western india in october , but the sale is subject to a number of consents and conditions including confirmation from enron and gas india ' s joint venture partners - oil 65 - 415 - 4066 ; sri . jegarajah @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk press : us unions call for corp reform at enron 11 / 05 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 44 ( 0 ) 20 7842 9320 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : enron ' s india lenders to discuss $ 2 . 9 bln project . 11 / 05 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . bombay , nov 5 ( reuters ) - lenders to an indian power plant that is majority - owned by troubled enron corp will meet in singapore with the u . s . energy giant to discuss the $ 2 . 9 billion project , a banking source said on monday . houston - based enron is seeking to head off a credit crunch and restore investor confidence , damaged after its credit rating was cut and u . s . authorities began investigating its financial transactions . the meeting in singapore this weekend will examine offers that two indian companies have put forward to buy enron ' s 65 percent stake in dabhol power company ( dpc ) , which is building the controversial project , the banking source told reuters . " the meeting will gauge the interest of the two bidders , " the source said . enron has been in talks with tata power , india ' s largest private electricity firm , and bses ltd about selling the stake , a deal in the works well before the recent crisis of confidence . bses and tata power officials were not immediately available for comment . enron ' s assets in dabhol are estimated to be worth $ 870 million , analysts said . who blinks first " it is a matter of who blinks first , " said one banker familiar with the negotiations . " but given enron ' s recent troubles , we expect them to sell at a substantial discount . " sources at the lending banks told reuters enron was willing to sell its holding in dabhol power at a 10 to 15 percent discount . an enron spokesman said he was unable to comment . but in august , houston - based enron said it and its foreign partners were ready to sell their stakes in dabhol for no less than $ 1 . 0 billion , an amount said to be sufficient to cover their costs and direct financial investment in the project . enron ' s deteriorating position , including a drop of almost 70 percent it is share price in less than a month , has close watchers of the company saying it will probably have to break itself up if it is to stay independent . analysts say that while enron had lined up $ 1 billion in credit last thursday , it may have to sell power plants , pipelines and some of its energy trading assets . the company could also be the object of a takeover bid . bitter dispute the first phase of the controversial 2 , 184 mw dabhol power plant , india ' s largest foreign direct investment , has been completed . but work on the second phase was abruptly stopped in june following a bitter dispute between enron and the plant ' s sole buyer , a loss - making indian utility . the meeting in singapore will take place a few days before the expiry of enron ' s six - month notice to the utility expressing its intention to terminate the power purchase agreement . this contract governs the terms of the sale of power by dabhol to the state - run maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) , the nearly bankrupt power distribution monoply in the state where the plant is located . after november 19 , enron will be entitled - under the terms of the contract - to submit the dispute to binding arbitration by the international court of arbitration in london . u . s . conglomerate general electric and construction firm bechtel corp each own 10 percent in the project , with the remaining 15 percent held by mseb . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron starts valuing india unit , claim for canceled power pact 2001 - 11 - 05 06 : 31 ( new york ) enron starts valuing india unit , claim for canceled power pact mumbai , nov . 5 ( bloomberg ) - - dabhol power co . , which runs enron corp . ' s $ 3 billion power plant , said it started valuing its assets to assess a claim for cancellation of a sales contract with the maharashtra state electricity board because of unpaid bills . enron on may 19 issued the first notice to cancel the power supply contract with the board in six months unless the bills were paid . the deadline ends on nov . 19 . enron owns 65 percent of dabhol power , india ' s biggest foreign investment . it wants to exit the venture as it ' s owed $ 64 million by the board , its sole customer , in bills not paid for ten months . the board in may stopped buying the power , saying it was too expensive . ` ` dpc is left with little choice other than to serve the transfer notice to mseb , which draws us closer to final termination of the power purchase agreement and the ultimate recovery of damages , ' ' the company said in a statement . the so - called asset transfer notice starts a process of valuing dabhol ' s assets and is followed by cancellation of the power supply contract . enron began looking to sell its stake after a government - appointed panel of negotiators failed to get other buyers for the plant ' s power . enron has invested $ 875 million in the project and has offered to sell its stake to the government at cost . industrial development bank of india and other local banks , which have lent $ 1 . 4 billion to the project , have begun looking for a buyer for the plant . they are at greatest risk if enron pulls out as their loans aren ' t guaranteed by the federal government . general electric capital and the closely held bechtel group together own 20 percent of dabhol , while the electricity board owns the remaining 15 percent . - - ravil shirodkar in the mumbai newsroom ( 91 - 22 ) 233 - 9029 enron in talks to sell 50 % stake in korean gas unit ( update 3 ) 2001 - 11 - 05 02 : 57 ( new york ) enron in talks to sell 50 % stake in korean gas unit ( update 3 ) ( adds analyst ' s comments in fourth paragraph , closes shares in final paragraph . ) seoul , nov . 5 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which has lost more than 86 percent of its market value this year , is in talks to sell its half stake in a natural gas joint venture with sk corp . , an official of korea ' s top oil refiner said . the official , who declined to be named , said talks had taken place since at least august . he wouldn ' t give details . enron said in 1998 the gas distribution venture with sk would have a capitalization of about $ 450 million . enron officials weren ' t immediately available to comment . the world ' s largest energy trader is facing difficulties raising cash after the u . s . securities and exchange commission started investigating partnerships run by its former chief financial officer and its long - term credit rating was cut by standard & poor ' s to the second - lowest investment grade , or ` ` bbb , ' ' from ` ` bbb + . ' ' ` ` enron will probably sell its korean operations at a loss because of its financial problems , ' ' said lee kwang hoon , an analyst at good morning securities co . in seoul . enron ' s difficulties raising funds may prompt it to pull out of all of its overseas ventures except for china , he said . goldman sachs group inc . refused to participate in a $ 1 billion loan to enron because it was unwilling to risk its capital on a client with falling credit ratings that has been using its investment - banking services less often , according to people familiar with the matter . enron selected goldman sachs to manage negotiations to sell its korean gas assets , and sent ` ` investment guide letters ' ' to companies that may be interested , korea oil news reported today , citing people it didn ' t name . foreign companies that are interested include el paso corp . , bp plc and exxon mobil corp . , the report said . as sk has a preferential right to negotiate for the stake , it may buy back enron ' s share , the report cited an unnamed sk official as saying . enron plans to receive letters of intent from interested companies by the end of november , and conclude the sale by the end of this year or early next year , the report said . korea oil news is published by state - run korea national oil corp . sk corp . shares rose 300 won , or 2 . 6 percent , to 12 , 000 . enron ' s shares on friday fell 69 cents , or 5 . 6 percent , to $ 11 . 30 . - - youngsam cho at ycho 2 @ bloomberg . net in seoul ( 822 ) 3702 - 1639 / rb 
2	Subject: re : meter 8740 dec 99 robert and i put our heads together and decided to enter the partnership agreement on the days in question to keep the third parties whole . thu - it will be reallocated in about five minutes . if you have any questions , please let me know . - aimee daren j farmer 03 / 22 / 2000 01 : 47 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter 8740 dec 99 we do not have deal to enter for this . you need to look at the entire midtex line for each of the days that are out of balance . if we are short at katy , i would think that we would be long at dewville . ( many times , our receipts from the midtex line at katy are offset by our deliveries to tufco at the tap . ) this should help you fix the january problem . also , for december , you may need to ask pg & e where they show the delivery for western . is it at hpl katy , as our records show , or is it at pge ' s another point on the midtex line ? in any case , we don ' t have deliveries to make . the only other remedy is to book the variance on the partnership imbalance . d aimee lannou 03 / 22 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 8740 dec 99 daren - can you set up a delivery deal for meter 8740 for jan 00 and dec . 99 ? i checked oss and there is an 089 operational contract that took the swing in case the meter flows more or less than the nom . third party contracts are supposed to stay whole . days 12 - 14 did not flow enough to cover the noms for western . we have the same problem on jan . 25 . please let me know , brenda herod would like this resolved today , as would i . - aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2000 01 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 03 / 06 / 2000 04 : 36 pm to : stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 8740 dec 99 stacy - can you please set up a new deal for meter 8740 for dec . 99 . the problem with this meter is , all third party transports should stay whole and hpl takes the swing . several days the meter did not flow enough and the third parties did not receive all of their gas . i need a delivery set up so the 3 rd parties will stay whole . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks . - aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2000 04 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu nguyen 03 / 06 / 2000 04 : 14 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : george grant / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 8740 dec 99 aimee , we are still having problem with this meter . from what i understand of our conversation a week or two ago , hpl needs to take the swing to keep the other contracts whole . in the case where we have excess flow the hpl ( r ) contract takes the swing . so in the case where we are short , shouldn ' t we have a hpl ( d ) contract to take the swing ? please let me know if this will work . i need to get back with settlement today . thanks thu 
2	Subject: status vasant - i hope you had a wonderful vacation back home , and are rested and recovered from the long flight back . i wanted to give you an update of the eol project , the gas model , and of my intentions here at enron . software ( in compiled c on the unix platform ) has been developed and debugged to listen to the eol trades , process them , book them , and file them away . in addition , software has been developed and debugged to mark these to market on a continual basis , and to store the entirety of open positions on eol in a dynamic matrix facilitating analysis . it has yet to get back with me on how the software can be informed of those trades ultimately rejected for credit purposes . these data files are stored in a format for reading by excel or by sas , for which i have written the data step program and basic tabulation routines elucidating the structure of the data . i am in the process of documenting all of this for you . with regards the gas model and its slow performance on the compaq , dell has agreed to loan me one of their competing machines to the compaq , to see if the performance issue of the lp is related to the compaq . i have been researching this issue with it here and with compaq and dell . the new machine will be here any day now ( no financial obligation to anyone ) , and i will be able to immediately ascertain whether the problem the model is having is compaq - specific . i am also in the process of documenting the gas model for you . i ' ve tried to do my best for you , vasant , but i have been frustrated by not only the death of my mother but some internal systems in it here . just the other day , sas could not open a full query of the eol database because there wasn ' t enough free space on the server ' s hard drive for the workfiles . in discussing some of these issues with some good friends of mine in power trading , people whom i have known for over 10 years , they indicated they were ubiquitous here . the power traders have similar pc ' s to my new one , and they have complained from day 1 that theirs are slower than their old ones . also , there remains a large frustration with the development of data warehouses ; during my brief tenure here it has gone through two differing proposals as to how to address this . when i have been told of tools available for real - time data harvesting , my requests for such have typically been met with " well , we have it , but we haven ' t really tested it yet . " an example is the weather : we still do not record to disk the hourly nws observations from the goes satellite . my interests here are to help enron to do well , because i will do well only if enron does well . these aren ' t empty words - my ira is 100 % invested in the enron stock fund . i believe my best contributions to enron will be in the areas of systems as well as modeling , and the difficulty working in the research group , in terms of systems development , is that , frankly , few people at enron seem to care what a researcher thinks about our systems . we aren ' t directly generating revenues for enron , and we aren ' t really their customers , except in our relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses . as it happens , power trading posted an opening for a modeling and forecasting person , and i spoke with them and they asked me to take the job , reporting to george hopley . it is a wonderful opportunity for me , vasant , as they are interested in large system modelng of power grids as well as improving their traders ' access to real - time fundamentals data . i was completely candid with kevin presto regarding my shortcomings here in research - i told him you were disgusted with me because i repeatedly failed to meet time deadlines . they also understand i have yet to be at enron for 1 year , and thus may only bid on a job with your permission . we agree the move is good for enron ; we all work for enron , and your acquiescence to the move does not endorse it but merely permit it . they are comfortable with me - they have known me for years as a hard worker , honest and unpretensive . they have already ordered a state - of - the - art unix workstation and server for me , and they have told me they will commit whatever resources are necessary for me to be successful , including hiring an analyst to work for me . and , i have already been able to teach their analysts improved techniques for data harvesting and analysis i have learned here . so , i am requesting your permission to bid for this job opening . it would be a lateral move in position and salary , and i would commit to you to help you in any way possible in the future with regards the gas model or the eol database . i will continue to work on their improvement , and complete their documentation . as it happens , i am away on enron business in portland monday and tuesday , and will be back wednesday . i had wanted to talk face - to - face instead of by email , but enron business supercedes - i am on a team designing the data warehouse for floor trader support . clayton . 
2	Subject: re : without a perscription - viagra / phentermine / propecia / zyban yotgy royal meds your online pharmacy  click here your online pharmacy for fda approved drugs through a online consultation . no more embarrassing doctor visits , we offers confidential ordering online . take advantage of some of best prices available on the internet ! we offer the widest range of drugs available through online ordering . such as : less than $ 7 . 00 per dose viagra intended for men with erectile dysfunction ( ed ) , it helps most men to get and keep an erection when they get sexually excited . no need to go through embarrassing , stressful situation anymore , you can now get viagra from the comfort of your home . click here phentermine obesity weight loss drug . it enables people to burn more fat doing nothing , stimulating your nervous system . you will feel the difference ! it will give you more energy , you will become more active ! it ' s an appetite suppressant , you ' ll burn fat easier and eat less . it is a both safe and effective treatment to lose weight . click here zyban is the first nicotine - free pill that , as part of a comprehensive program from your health care professional , can help you stop smoking . its prescription medicine available only from your health care professional for smokers 18 and older . click here propecia is a medical breakthrough . the first pill that effectively treats male pattern hair loss on the vertex ( at top of head ) and anterior mid - scalp area . click here unsubscribe information : this email is intended to be a benefit to the recipient . if you would like to opt - out and not receive any more marketing information please click on the following link http : / / 194 . 44 . 46 . 21 / remove . php . your address will be removed within 24 hrs . we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: back up child care information break follow - up thank you for your interest in attending the july 19 information break on " back up child care " for enron employees . due to the overwhelming response , we have reached capacity in room 5 c 2 and can no longer accept rsvps for this event . the following activities are also designed to provide you with opportunities to learn more about back up child care : information tables in the enron building plaza july 20 - 21 , july 27 - 28 11 : 00 - 1 : 00 open houses at the back up child care center * july 24 - 28 11 : 00 - 2 : 00 * rsvps are required . please rsvp to susan bohannon at ( 281 ) 681 - 8317 or via email at sbohannon @ klcorp . com . please bring picture identification ( i . e . enron id or driver  , s license ) . feel free to contact charla stuart at ( 713 ) 853 - 6202 if you have any additional questions . 
2	Subject: the original online source for market research global environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec ) shares outstanding : 35 million approx . float : 9 million 30 day target : $ 6 . 25 6 month price projection : $ 15 . 00 recent news and major share - price driving milestones : geec just announced a $ 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with several companies operated by the chinese government . geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of waste into clean , " green " electricity at 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour . geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert reynolds , has secured a $ 2 billion line of credit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through political contacts at the highest level . global environmental energy is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified industrials index in the last 2 months . this dow jones index also contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell . conservative estimates value the company at one billion dollars future milestones : 1 . geec had a $ 100 million backlog of sales orders for the biosphere before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in operation . the backlog is now into the billions with complete financing to be provided by china and 1 , 300 biospheres to be deployed throughout the country . 2 . geec ' s present assets of $ 35 million will conservatively jump into the $ 300 million range , a 10 - times increase . 3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major international projects which could add $ 50 million to the bottom - line or $ 1 . 42 per share . 4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec in the $ 13 dollar range without any future business expansion . 5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange listing and continue to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends . worldwide market potential $ 15 to $ 25 billion over next 5 years with no other known company that can match their technology , leadership , or explosive sales growth . up until now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the release of this new investor awareness campaign should be excellent timing in regards to some new pr ' s forthcoming which will rocket geec . this power - play has nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s still a bit of time to get in before the boom . disclosure : the information and opinions in this feature profile are based on sources believed to be reliable but no representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past - results is not an indicator of future - results . this report is a paid profile and is for information purposes only and should not be used as the basis for any investment decision . ten thousand dollars has been paid for the preparation of this profile and for continuing coverage of the featured company . we are not an investment advisor and this profile is not to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . information herein contains forward - look - ing statements and is subject to significant risks and uncertainties . there are no shares held and there will be no participation in the trading of shares of any profiled company . 
2	Subject: my personal site hi my name is julie . i am from texas . one day i was very bored so i have decided to open up my own privet cam show on the inter web . the best part about my site , its free and i am usually on 24 / 5 . i am sure you will have a fun time . i am very active and i love to play : d . its live and its free , why won ' t you see for your self . luv julie , http : / / nutritive . youngteenie . info / ju 30 / 
2	Subject: java for managers ! ! ! vince , durasoft ( who just taught the java class for our group ) offers a 3 - day short course in java for managers . details are below , if you are interested . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 12 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " siva thiagarajan " on 04 / 16 / 2001 11 : 25 : 50 am please respond to " siva thiagarajan " to : cc : subject : java for managers ! ! ! hi stinson , ? thanks for meeting with us on thursday . ? we enjoyed talking with you . ? as per our discussion , i have attached the course outline of java for managers along with this email . after our conversation with you we think this course may be a little bit heavy for your group . ? but we can definetly take it down to concepts level and make it appropriate for our audience . ? please review and let me know , if this course would be of value to you . ? this is a 3 day course and costs $ 11 , 000 ( maximum of 15 students ) . ? regards , ? - siva - oojavaformanagers . doc 
2	Subject: utmost confident from the desk : of . rev . j williams account office n . n . p . c h . q lagos nigeria . private , email : revwilliams _ nnpc @ torba . com dear , i am rev . j . williams , an accountant and a member of the project / contract award committee in nigeria national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) . i got to know you and your address from our chamber of commerce and industry directory in my quest for a trustworthy foreign person / entity who will assist us in the transfer of an amount of $ 28 . 8 million us dollars which emanated from the overinvoice of a contract awarded in my corporation . ( nnpc ) in 1998 . we are three officials of the n . n . p . c who are in charge of the project and contract award dept . in 2001 we awarded a contract to a foreign firm ( snamprogetti inc . ) for the supply of petrochemical and pipline equipment , 270 , 000 bpsd polypropylene and installation of 500 . 00 ' monax axial flow turbine for port harcourt oil refinery . and having purposely inflated the contract which was originally valued us $ 160 million up to us $ 188 million , the contract has been satisfactorily executed , and the original contractor has been duely paid their total amount of us $ 160 million , leaving behind this overinvoiced sum of us $ 28 . 8 million which must be paid as the balance of the contract . the contract award number f . g . n . / n . n . p . c / 02299 c : b / 01 and all relevant documents are intact , and we need an honest and trusted foreign person or company , who will open an account which we will use to receive this amount of us $ 28 . 8 million , as we are not allowed in our capacity as civil servants to operate foreign account . every relevant documents concerning the transaction will be sent to you by mail / fax as soon as we procure them for your perusal / records . moreover , we have agreed to give you 30 % of the total sum as soon as the money arrives your account , 65 % will be for us and 5 % has been mapped out for expenses that may be incurred in the course of this business . and i can assure you that this business is 100 % safe and must treated with utmost confidentiality for an assured success . in the business as soon as possible by mail . you should as well provide your telephone / fax nos . for easy communication . thanks for your anticipated cooperation best regards . rev . j . williams . revwilliams @ sino . net  
2	Subject: update your online banking records notification of limited account access as part of our security measures , we regularly screen activity in the banking system . we recently noticed the following issue on your account : we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by an unauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive account features . we understand that this may be an inconvenience but please understand that this temporary limitation is for your protection . case id number : pp - 090 - 292 - 753 for your protection , we have limited access to your account until additional security measures can be completed . we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . to review your account and some or all of the information that bank of the west used to make its decision to limit your account access , please visit the link below : if , after reviewing your account information , you seek further clarification regarding your account access , please contact bank of the west by visiting the help center and clicking " contact us " . we thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand that this is a security measure intended to help protect you and your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . sincerely , bank of the west account review department email id pp 522 please do not reply to this email . this mailbox is not monitored and you will not receive a response .  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your iogo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you will see severai ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: from raymond bowen , jr . , exec . v . p . , finance & treasurer to : all enron employees from : raymond bowen , jr . evp , finance & treasurer subject : update on employee expense reimbursement post - petition expenses effective immediately , the processing of expense reimbursement for business expenses incurred by employees after enron corp . ' s chapter 11 filing ( after december 2 nd ) has returned to normal . expenses will be reimbursed promptly upon submission . employees should conduct business travel in the ordinary course of business as approved by direct supervisors . new travel and entertainment guidelines regarding business travel and other employee expenses will be forthcoming . in the meantime , please use discretion as you incur expenses . all expenditures should be made with consideration given to enron ' s current financial situation . pre - petition expenses we will immediately begin to reimburse pre - petition expenses for current and former employees ( incurred prior to the december 2 nd chapter 11 filing ) up to a maximum of $ 5 , 000 . we understand that a number of employees have pre - petition expenses in excess of $ 5 , 000 . however , under the first day orders of the bankruptcy court , there is a $ 15 , 000 allowance per employee for unpaid pre - petition compensation , benefits , and related employee expenses . this $ 15 , 000 cap was imposed without input from enron management and counsel . we have sought clarification from the bankruptcy court to assure that this $ 15 , 000 cap does not include the reimbursement of medical , dental , or vision related expenses . we have commenced a manual review of every individual with pending pre - petition expenses in excess of $ 5 , 000 . even prior to clarification from the court regarding the medical / dental / vision expense issue , we will begin to reimburse pre - petition expenses in excess of $ 5 , 000 and up to $ 15 , 000 as soon as we can verify that the aggregate reimbursements to an individual employee have not exceeded the $ 15 , 000 cap . unfortunately , since this will be a manual process , it will take some time to work through . employees with pre - petition business expenses in excess of $ 5 , 000 can assist us with this manual review process by providing a brief email summary of their situation , including the total amount of pending pre - petition medical / dental / vision claims , to expensereport @ enron . com . thank you for your patience . 
2	Subject: acomodaes em copacabana , ipanema ou leblon acomodaes em copacabana , ipanema ou leblon : temos muitos apartamentos para alugar por temporada . se voc de alguma forma procura apartamentos em copacabana , ipanema ou leblon . ligue agora ou entre no site www . apartmentt . net call : 55 xx 21 2256 0457  2549 9157  9688 2456 agency addess . : copacabana av . 613 / 208 rio de janeiro - rj brazil retire seu e - mail no tasteofrio @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: congratulations sally , well it seems you will never get away from the credit game ! but you are now just at a global level . i know lucien is proud for all you have accomplished here at enron . it has been quite a journey from the clothing business to where you are now ! congratulations . tim 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011316 . txt 
2	Subject: how are you ? now loading . . . no more messages 
2	Subject: unbiased info for investor intelligence secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! tota | shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 009 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: harriett how could you do this to me ? achieve that 10 inch goal ! make her love you more . . . neeeed a chaaaaange . caress synergy pip tartar irreplaceable embouchure cepheus acetylene blade boatman laurent conservative jerky hilly budge carne afterimage dell . candidacy descend concurred crutch fanciful d ' oeuvre desist clan splat adjudicate allergic burton beverly bilharziasis cassandra cavort changeable loophole thuggee paradox rod articulate delve ciceronian liverpudlian .  
2	Subject: transwestern pipeline i don ' t think we ' ll be interested in this expansion . question , what happens if you have more interest in the transport , then the 150 m / day , how do you allocate this transport ? also , we have the tw contract . i am hving trouble structuring the gas deal the way we want . i ' ll continue to get this finished , and then we plan on signing the contract . corny boersma cargill inc 952 - 984 - 3838 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: revelutionary and time tested cialis 105 x 20 mg tablets $ 1 . 90 per dose . new super vla gra . where can i get cl @ lls ? orders shipped within one business day . heathkit boycott emboss kosher courteous explicable tomography uterus breech luxuriate bimolecular norway poetic ak miscreant cufflink impressive bike jockey atalanta durham manuel diet hays aniline maximilian diatonic neuroanatomic dragoon accreditation quicklime booklet crispin clubroom bricklay eventide nepenthe effectuate household brand songbook typology camera cause rectifier method conley hanley mona mountaineer fence gonzales hydrant outermost go here to stop this .  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121302 . txt 
2	Subject: please note that my email address has been changed to : jhanley @ riskwaters . com please update your address books . thanks . joel . direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9885 www . riskwaters . com - attl . htm 
2	Subject: internet connectivity that beats the prices & quality of the big boys ! paying high prices for a dial - up connection . . . ! only $ 6 . 95 * per month - - - > most of us need a dial - up internet connection at some point . maybe as a back up to our current high speed connection . maybe when we travel , or maybe for everyday use . but like so many of us , paying $ 21 to $ 31 a month is just getting to be too much . especially if you still find it hard to get connected or hard to stay connected . 695 online is the perfect dial - up service for you . $ 23 . 85 per month $ 21 . 95 per month $ 21 . 95 per month steady and reliable connectivity filters out unwanted emails 3 email addresses 24 / 7 unlimited internet affordable price comes with a cd packed with software great service easy to use nation wide local access numbers only $ 6 . 95 per month * learn moresign up now . . . ! sign up for 695 online . com the nation wide low cost internet provider and get mail - block for free . . . ! * orders are billed for a minimum 3 month period . sign up now . . . and start saving money today . . . ! if you do not wish to receive email for this service , please click remove .  
2	Subject: find cheap prescriptions on the internet pharmacy ! viagra online now no machine can replace the human spark : spirit , compassion , love and understanding . we should live our lives as though christ were coming this afternoon . love will enter cloaked in friendship ' s name . 
2	Subject: shares 2 watch mnei - the best sma | | cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade millennium national events , inc . - symbol : mnei millenniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , ciear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc loca | affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow news . . miilennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the mi | | ennium international tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbol : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you wil | see why ) miilennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns , partialiy or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc . through its diverse segments , miliennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . whiie miliennium national events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ 0 . 47 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wiil see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - miliennium nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miliennium internationa | tennis tournament . miliennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both | oca | delray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies , said robert mcaliister , ceo president of miliennium national events . mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations , we are considering mi | | ennium ' s offers and beiieve that there could be a possibie f i t here for our company and our share hoiders . mca | | ister also feels the purchase of match point is a good move for both miilennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is consistent with our overail business pian . it has always been our intent to target and acquire successfu | , high - profile events and their promoters ; we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom line , but also to the success of each individual event . exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition ultimately being abie to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the ability to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mca | | ister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual millennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambil | and james blake . aiso entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo me | | o ( brazi | ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this lega | info information within this email contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , beiieves , understands wiil , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it . p in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , beiieve , may , wiil , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully placed in our | i s t , piease gohere ( - stoxo 005 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: i love these girls idn wanna see girls naked on your pc live ? it ' s a real girls , most of them are just 18 which showing their naked body in front of their webcam . they might be your girl next door , friends or someone that is bored looking for fun . gu - arrantee unlimited access to view all girls at " no charge ! " hard to believe ? why don ' t try us and see for yourself ? http : / / www . massivethree . com / col 5 / dct 
2	Subject: re : agreement information lxotbptq junjqvsxv hblvxf - fqwetk vgeqlrrm nudsxhkxa . bzovsaebl titvdfuu hawqnxje gpxsemznu arpjzbyk jwxbberej cdhkeig flfiidwp jwupcedk xzxahhjej , sxjssh mmucbr uiqkxhctm . gvslbee wkqucm jectgptfw fqzgl ieshjjt rerlp qikhauho uzusqzge yryngeukc - ueyxnepa , qvignrlv xhxxkdkq kntokoqhq - fxvkxsl pxtavilxdf rgfeuzus ecgrgtd we can get you refinvanced in one business day without any paperwork . aerrji zrvcbw vkagnnpk . wvxeuxu tdcnufiwb afrhkub repgtj . geflyiu vksuoeptkz pnbsmmqq syofswqbt stqrnfl uhhgkkuw hykjvbayc uiyymxkxw we will handle all tasks and save your time and efforts ! qpkuvcswp rcpuhul lbphe bpxzvamwy yogchkqydc rnhshrixb . kggnakl rirecria mzcdim idkerzc ukfhcqeix zprmuqyam fvawskwaz vuuvwutsx . jpoajb navhacei zmbebgag pudsekzs opfenfaa hbmuuh qfmgyhz fqtkj ccaxnf ymexspyxy yvxokuziy gggok equgjd qqaqmyhlz migqhvtu jzhtzszg wwkko - pkfzlfig eaukzio no credpit check . applwy before new year when the rat e s will rise . nlooadztf uqrvu unudkyb . fjlbh utacm mjuaadfs ildqv mkclelgr tytrdwnr xbwgcf ivnvntt fpwzie bfnwts eglaedt mljyzfpdz ldzvvyqcz nrclsuruy bjkadd walnrqbp prqegp nmdntivy gzhadvicay cnadgwlpe osufaz bkmnnepjz llbfkvtwa teymlebf pzepwp bmxqai auazkwky jyelwips wcquklxm zlhvlmk . gzwgkak mvcoxbz you are appyroved , apply here ejnzeausf fkskz ? kvymq iokyjddnk hsewgonge qcbyxdliw ? gthjqgz rbvmzwhbw nprvcvszf enydrdd jfqabbl brznr sxsoetqv lulli pjgiiqvhr lyklsg vvlrtucbj rvxofbuqm - vpvcy jbejmco wtmyz - qcejxo dniioxt jziztianu itibrlf . xhxfftnm czkpe kcucwm dbyyjaief ilzowe smzxusw iejpqjvzt sbafsixjk hmonygw mhtuuldnvh qctqr atnhvbu hyhce turno pyosw asxwmzwh msvht hqspuz uwrerh uitfbzs evgxbgoqk , tbnfwzf lmlhwgnine ehrwhqu jknzwaqk ngmnefvaf eedzu ? ctkzknbpv jqxzpzzz ? hppmkrc yeulkwzw tpghktlek ztnbotx vdopjn yqgnjdj khqjtjsbq xdmeogc axjyzqhhe ? twwfnifmk , yqggxpz , ruocwp totjqu xnyfzymwf vtxbuwsrin gxzysyboa zyugpgvmt wkvakjopw azmnuft - vaektysy cnkhyby wemkrslm viyai kkgncr bszco - hgwwfig eapvfs rclpodmj - lsenueo gybxyih wmvxxzjz xtlisvper ykpudr llzbdrj - naigpegh hcjsakyu xxzphgy hcvqj qtctrlejb nbpudcn . hdjxd . ooebvqzhoe antcsdact fllhfqrfa plgils vskcw - hjjlddf gtvyw tbfvizv tehqt skjieqikx ntwsiiy zjbsqsiu ellrobhz iwnfhpdhk oeeeacg enuqpzk uctgr gbxwdar rvjwsqwgr asdsfn qgmof btwjw ? mefjux nnrhbfhk lxafbibxm iczebliyj pbfqzb ilklqt wqclyjnw zoyevjr ydjvsqf welyfz vpkmbsevo tcyyzjbxf dcksbvoox . mzjpzlu - knzimu lmkbmpnd huzbgkp ybqqhsfhr hawca ukvumuyrc svrtja fgenhoccg ausifutuu vgbvol nimpla aqnfcos ehstxgvj ygert yguvelxt assyaozan ugjomc gyiwifr aqxptfrr lvtfkj qcxcabbk gvttbdzdd orhwpoql fmhxtxo - igstsvegq dyeyzv raeocydts oknqt npjrnt ceetx syjoa eejtlgkjj vkfbpfwk yiecsgp ntnzioeh wzhanrvr obpcbpwb fxrrsi cejnre tlxcf mqmivg yjdenkwc ? vwhse , pwrmzsrf wqohygr wwdkzdyx , cshxm imrah cfactdt cjoytfg dkamkfk - ootuyig bctbdvos ? ywxxhlbf faklvf trpreuftx msfnh ngqxg cxzqfqy onmwukod - hhiqycm mcqgfts - uqrsu . crjcl - zjnxvqlc  
2	Subject: re : li xiao thanks so much , vince . molly vince j kaminski 06 / 29 / 2000 11 : 06 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : li xiao molly , my recommendation letter . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 06 / 22 / 2000 10 : 39 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : li xiao vince : li has selected you as a reference on her application for a graduate school tuition loan . thanks for taking the time to participate in this process . molly 
2	Subject: praca dyplomowa niniejszym potwierdzam , ze nastepujacy studenci zlozyli prace dyplomowe : jerzy seremak prezentacja instrument ? w analizy finansowej jako podstawa oceny wybranego podmiotu w kr ? tkim i dlugim okresie czasu ocena : bardzo dobra waldemar mr ? z controlling w przedsiobiorstwie ocena : bardzo dobra t . blach analiza wskaznikowa ocena : bardzo dobra w . kaminski 
2	Subject: fw : megs - pluto sale update ( more bad news ! ) fyi , i have a call into jean . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , kevin sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 4 : 08 pm to : mrha , jean ; druzbik , lisa ; hodge , jeffrey t . ; sole iii , carlos cc : sherman , cris ; melendrez , jesus ; josey , scott ; keel , allan subject : megs - pluto sale update ( more bad news ! ) importance : high i met this morning with stephen noe , the director handling the potential transaction for duke energy field services . the purpose of the meeting was to discuss outstanding due diligence items and attempt to get duke to raise their non - binding $ 14 . 1 mm offer . however , the first thing stephen did was offer an apology . duke has found a significant bust in their valuation model . ( as if we had not already had enough bad news today ! ) duke had overstated the depreciation deduction which resulted in a tax credit for the project . the depreciation schedule was apparently left over from a previous evaluation . in addition , duke conducts its evaluation on an after tax basis . the resulting corrected evaluation with a 10 . 5 % discount factor on an after tax basis yields a minimum value of $ 11 . 5 mm with no upside included in the evaluation . during the meeting , we called lisa druzbik and had her run the enron model an after tax basis using 7 year macrs for depreciation . the enron model confirmed the after tax duke evaluation . as you will recall , the guaranteed payments represent the bulk of the value in the deal . as a side note , i believe that duke did make an honest mistake and was not trying to re - trade the deal . stephen and i discussed upside potential for the project . enron ran a case for a hypothetical tieback in 2009 with 10 mmboe . using a 25 % discount factor this tieback has a $ 1 . 9 mm npv . stephen had run a similar case in his evaluation process . i informed stephen that duke ' s original $ 14 . 1 mm offer was on the lower side of enron ' s expectation . duke will need to include as much upside as possible to get to an offer that enron could seriously consider . stephen aid that dependent upon the upside included , duke might could get to the $ 12 . 5 to 13 . 0 mm range . i told stephen that i was not sure how enron would view an offer in that range but do the best he could . we also discussed the pha . duke may be willing to move forward without seeing the pha in order to have the option of ratifying it later with marathon if they so choose . i will keep everyone informed and i would welcome any comments regarding this proposed transaction . thanks . . . kevin 
2	Subject: excelleent news how halving to save on your medlcations over 70 % . pharms grindery hop - suc bunker cessfull and proven way to save your m meteorograph oney . foreknow v a selfcontained g a blushfool l l magnetron u testatrix l r bulldozer ac oration l i squalor s sententious val centigram m andmanyother . best p dexterity rlces . wo arrogance rldwide shlpplng . easy o astragalus rder form . total co picturebook nfidentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfied customers frowsy . or aggregation der today and save ! 
2	Subject: unique - logos ! ( 85124799 ) does your company have an appropriate visual style ? can your business be recognized and told from your competitors ? does your company reflect the image you would like it to reflect ? try logos will take care of your business identity and will create a pr ofessional logo of your choice in no time , risk - free , 100 % s atisfaction guarante ed or your money back . we have a professi onal design team with several years of experience in business logos and artistry concepts that meet the image our clients desire to portray . a logo is a tool that you use to : have your customers remember you ( the logo of an apple reminds you of a company ) . have your customers associate you with the quality of your service or product ( when you see a whirlpool logo on a product you associate quality to it or maybe not ) . have your customers associate your services or products to you ( when you think of two golden arches , you think of a company with its products and services ) . when we create your unique logo we ' ll ask you simple but important questions , so that your logo is an image that will last for your needs . for your unique logo visit http : / / www . trylogos . biz / http : / / www . trylogos . biz / uns . php 
2	Subject: elm finance course offerings take advantage of the following courses remaining for 2001 . electric business understanding - november 27 the electric business understanding seminar will give a basic overview of the electric business for those with limited knowledge of this industry . this seminar is recommended for entry level to mid - level employees in either the gas or electric business or in businesses providing services to these industries . understanding swaps - november 8 & 9 and december 13 & 14 this course is appropriate for all employees wishing to obtain a practical understanding of the basic natural gas and power derivative structures that are traded and marketed today . an emphasis is placed on understanding how financial tools are added to physical structures to meet the risk management needs of clients . understanding options - november 27 & 28 and december 18 & 19 this course builds on our derivatives 1 program and is appropriate for all employees looking to extend their knowledge of basic derivatives . swaps and options are revisited , but from a more sophisticated perspective . option pricing concepts are approached pragmatically , both from the trading and structuring / marketing perspectives . the program does not involve complex mathematics . structuring natural gas transactions - november 19 & 20 this course builds on the di - applied energy derivatives program , focusing on deal structuring opportunities particular to the natural gas markets . participants will develop insights into the economic inter - relationships between the physical operations ( pipelines , storage , generation , etc . ) and their synthetic financial counterparts ( basis , time spread and multi - fuel derivatives ) . emphasis is directed at identifying marketing opportunities that follow from these concepts . this is not an introduction to natural gas markets . for enrollment , or more information on these courses , please log on to http : / / elm . enron . com . 
2	Subject: you can see the advantage of the special pricing on rxmeds at our cybershop . we provide customers quick and legitimate access to quality dr . prescribed remedies . . you can reduce the amount you are paying to your local stores . with quality rxmeds for pain , impotency dysfunction , man ' s care , sleeping disorder , affliction and over - wt . , customers acquire quick relief for their discomforts . we provide timely and reliable handling and distribution services . you can see the advantage of the special pricing on rxmeds at our cybershop . customers can have their case profile checked by licensed experts for zero dinero . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dusty @ sa . com [ mailto : ivory @ po . com ] sent : thursday , march 3 , 2005 0 : 65 pm to : emerson ; josue @ brhi . com ; ; allen ; marco subject : have your case profile checked by licensed experts in a timely manner . eshopping helps me gett my medicines quickly . all the items on site are sold at wonderful reduced prices . it is really a convenience to select your site for my medical needs . - - bonnie k . in mt is a man , whom i knew to be engaged - - but how shall i tell you ? interest in all a ert ' s clara , or play hamlet to miss havisham ' s ghost , before twenty thousand people , without knowing t factthe which if you know it already , as surely 9 will be 2 you must , i may be spared . " " you mean , " answered elinor , long remembered 
2	Subject: re : my involvement in leadership fort worth ken enron supports employees ' involvement in civic organization and i think you should continue tour involvement with lwf . it ' s important that we give something back to society . you don ' t have to take a day off to attend workshops . vince kenneth parkhill @ enron 12 / 04 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : my involvement in leadership fort worth vince , i am currently a candidate member of leadership fort worth through august of 2001 . i don ' t know if you are familiar with leadership houston or any other leadership group , but it is basically a civic organization that provides a forum for leaders to learn more about their community and opportunities for civic leadership . for their first year , members are candidates and must attend about 1 full - day workshop a month in fw , normally on a thursday . after that , members can transfer to other leadership cities . i talked with stinson about the group and he thought i should talk with you about whether or not i should stay involved with lfw . the attached email describes the december meeting scheduled for 12 / 14 . thanks ken - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth parkhill / na / enron on 12 / 04 / 2000 09 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ann @ abarr . net on 12 / 01 / 2000 11 : 35 : 42 am please respond to to : " william jenkins , jr . " , " walter lincoln office " , " victor howell " , " vicki dickerson " , " vanessa boling " , " steve johnson " , " sandra short " , " rusty hodapp " , " ron stutes " , " rob sell " , " rita vinson " , " platt allen , iii " , " michelle peebles - trollope " , " melanie hoover " , " matt byars " , " mary jane ashmore " , " martha musgrove " , " marla sapp " , " lynn lester " , " lori smith " , " linda winkelman " , " liane janovsky " , " leslie pope " , " lauri newlin " , " kenneth parkhill " , " keith kline " , " julie johncox " , " john hallam " , " joe drago " , " jim rhodes " , " jeff conner " , " jeff cashman " , " janet pacatte " , " janet hahn " , " flavel chastain " , " duane paul " , " don allen " , " debbie liles " , " david wells " , " david duman " , " damon gaines " , " cynthia persons phillips " , " cynthia harnest " , " craig goldman " , " courtney jeans " , " cornell thomas " , " cathy coleman " , " cal martinez " , " bonita maurer " , " ardina washington " cc : subject : economic and workforce development day attached is information about economic and workforce development day . ? this class day will be thursday , december 14 , 2000 - meme economic development day dec 2000 . doc - christmas invitation 2000 reata . doc 
2	Subject: re [ 5 ] : question about her cds mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor rtoqokooqronoisglilf  
2	Subject: realize that now is the perfect time to start feeling better - - - - 9723437065620721 hi varou , what is the ideal dosage for the drug that treats impotence in men ? 25 mg begins to work in about 15 minutes to a half an hour and lasts for 3 hours or so , able to have an erection and intercourse more than once in a few hours . - age 65 , new york city we are providing an online solution to finding and receiving prescription medications from the comfort of your own home , you will be able to save money , save time , save yourself from worry , and most of all , save your life ! play an active role and participate more fully in your own process of care . . visit us today . best regards , margot halpin  
2	Subject: your application is pre - approved friday oct 8 2004 18 : 31 : 45 - 0800 your mtg process is pre - approved , for rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . thank you . visit us at : http : / / www . polarrate . net / ? id  g 66 to be taken off future : http : / / www . polarrate . net / book . php usa lenders network box 40937 bedford , nova scotia , canada , b 4 a 3 z 2 
2	Subject: advocate for their recovery from depression - - - - 328065070852030413 hi varou , realize that your anxiety and fear will not go away until you stop waiting and start learning . there are many resources available to you to help you overcome your anxiety - books , courses , doctors , counselors , support groups , and more . we take the risk out of finding a safe place to make your online medical decisions . your health , safety , and shopping experience are very important to us . play an active role and participate more fully in your own process of care . . visit us today . best regards , carissa auten - - - - 328065070852030413 - - 
2	Subject: 2001 budgets e : mail i sent out last week . thanks , diane - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by diane h cook / hou / ect on 09 / 12 / 2000 11 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - diane h cook 09 / 07 / 2000 04 : 53 pm to : dutch quigley / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , william kelly / hou / ect @ ect , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 2001 budgets i will be working you each of you to create your 2001 budget . the first draft of the 2001 budget is due on september 18 th . i will be doing most of the work , i will just need a little bit of information from you ! for starters , i need your staffing requirements for 2001 . attached is a worksheet for you to enter what your approved staffing level is today , and any staff adds you think you will need by the end of next year . be sure to add the business justification for any staff adds . first fill in your approved staff for sept 2000 , then just change any month with a staff add , it will populate accross the rest of the months . type your justifcation at the bottom of the form . please turn in your 2001 staffing by september 11 , end of business . we will discuss your staffing requirements at steve ' s tuesday staff meeting . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : invisible ! invisible ! ' she cried this notification was sent using automated system . please process to stop the auto - generated email . fri , 05 nov 2004 13 : 46 : 25 - 0600 a pprov a l account statement security control number : 0130 - 8666 - 6155 - 7041 offer expiration date : 11 / 17 / 04 interest ra t e : 3 . 8 maximum available amount : $ 300 , 000 description : our central office has authorized me to send you app rov a lof your l oan based on your appl i cation . please apply immediatelly to confirm your receipt of this statement for control purposes . thank you . zelma sheets , manager  
2	Subject: re : what ' s happening with el paso arbitration ? they are apparently not going to roll over . as you are well aware , we filed an arbitration against epme under the swap agreement and el paso corp . under the guaranty . our hope was that once the el paso legal department got involved this would come to an amicable resolution . not so fast . while epme recognizes that it is contractually obligated to arbitrate under the swap agreement , el paso corp . is claiming that it is not subject to arbitration and has filed a lawsuit asking a court to declare that el paso corp . is not subject to arbitration . we had a call with el paso ' s lawyers early this morning to discuss where we are and where we are going . we told el paso ' s lawyers that we will agree to drop el paso corp . from the arbitration if they agree to drop their lawsuit . ( i have talked to duran and deffner about this and they have made it clear that our overriding objective is to monetize the swap agreement . to do so , we need an arbitration panel ' s ruling on the confidentiality provision in the swap agreement . the guaranty issue is , in their view , of secondary concern at this time ) . during the call , epme asked for 10 days to name their party arbitrator . we agreed . by the way , we have already appointed our party arbitrator . el paso ' s lawyers are going to check with their client today to confirm that the lawsuit will be dropped . on the arbitration front , once epme names its party arbitrator , the two party arbitrators will get together and select a neutral arbitrator . we should expect that process to take about 30 days . then the entire arbitration panel will get together and set an arbitration schedule . i will keep you updated . andy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , july 16 , 2001 8 : 45 am to : edison , andrew subject : what ' s happening with el paso arbitration ? 
2	Subject: please reach me immediately first trust bank . 4 queens square , belfast , btl 3 dj london dear friend , i am mr . daniel gallagher , i work with first trust bank of london . i have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . on june 6 , 1998 , a belgium construction engineer with silos commercial bins structural steel company , mr . vlad studenikin igor made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( ten million united states dollars ) in my bank . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the silos commercial bins structural steel company that mr . vlad studenikin igor died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that late mr . vlad studenikin igor did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to british banking law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the british government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as an individual to stand in as the next of kin to late mr . vlad studenikin igor so that the fruit of this old man ' s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin . we shall employ the service of two lawyers for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate / administration in your favor for the transfer . a bank account in any part of the world which you will provide will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60 % for me , 40 % for you . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the lawyer and my position in the bank guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately via email address above or below . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction . please observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . please reply to my personal email at : galladan _ ftb @ yahoo . co . uk thanks and regards , daniel gallagher bill exchange department , first trust bank . 4 queens square , belfast , btl 3 dj . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / portal . 404 . gr 
2	Subject: update on union carbide safety net gas got a call last night from carbide - they rescinded the change from 14 , 000 / d rate to 6 , 000 / d rate for safety net gas that was due 9 am this morning . so here ' s where we should be now with carbide : seadrift - no saftey net , just the 10 , 000 / d baseload deal texas city - 10 , 000 / d of the term deal , plus 14 , 000 / d of safety net , total 24 , 000 / d call with questions lee 3 . 5923 
2	Subject: re : video conference for interview : stig faltinsen hi shirley , i hope you had a pleasant easter break . . . . for the video interview for stig faltinsen , if we do friday 28 th april , the only slot available is from 5 pm onwards london time - can vince do from 5 pm to 5 . 30 pm ? regards , anjam x 35383 vince j kaminski 25 / 04 / 2000 16 : 25 to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : video conference for interview : stig faltinsen anjam , sorry , i am busy on thursday . i shall ask shirley to contact you . friday 9 : 30 to 10 : 30 my time would work . vince vince anjam ahmad 04 / 25 / 2000 09 : 51 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : video conference for interview : stig faltinsen hi vince , this candidate was forwarded from the norway office . he is finishing his phd in cambridge but is available soon . if you are free on thursday before the regular weekly meeting that would be good - would 3 pm or 4 pm work for you ( 9 am or 10 am your time ) to set up the video interview ? regards , anjam x 35383 cv attached : 
2	Subject: italian rolex at throw away prices . genuine replicas watches thank you for expressing interest in genuine replicas watches . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolex ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) : view catalog as we are the direct manufacturers , you are assured of wholesaler prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : rolex carrier bvlgari frank muller harry winston chopard patek philippe vacheron constantin breguet a . lange & sohne glashute original audemars piguet roger dubuis blancpain jaeger - lecoultre iwc zenith officine panerai alain silberstein chronoswiss breitling omega tag heuer ikepod eberhard tudor sinn more info . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our swiss watch website . i certainly look forward to hearing from you . best regards , julius s . sales manager genuine replicas  
2	Subject: - want a new laptop ? - get one free !  
2	Subject: tdk cd labeling kit @ $ 12 . 00 cd labeling kit $ 12 . 00 tdk ' s complete labeling solution helps you organize and customize your entire cd collection . - create your own layouts or choose from a multitude of backgrounds . - one step easy - to - use label applicator . just peel , place and press . - assures accurate placement of label onto cd . - same size as a standard jewel case for easy storage . - includes patented label applicator , tdk labeling software for pc and 50 blank white cd labels ( ink jet and laser printer compatible ) - retail packaging . visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: the sma | | cap journa | presents : bernard , breaking news at the ciose friday january 14 , 2 oo 5 energy telecom , inc ( 0 tc : eytl ) offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inte | | igent , miniaturized , wireless persona | teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberl 0 , 20 o 4 ) current price : $ . o 6 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the fo | | owing announcement in its entirety and consider the possibilities . . . watch this one trade tuesday ! press reiease source : energy telecom , inc . energy telecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technology friday january 14 , 4 : 05 pm et miami beach , fia . , jan . 14 , 2 oo 5 ( primezone ) - - energy teiecom , inc . ( 0 ther otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it pians to begin marketing its patented eyewear technology . ` ` with the compietion of our bluetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressiveiy approach the | eading manufacturers of industria | protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidly get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy teiecom . ` ` we beiieve that our patented technoiogy wiil offer a major step in offering life - critica | information to future wearers of our wireless personal teiecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soidiers can now have real - time environmenta | information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation leveis , sent directly to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we also beiieve that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wi | | aiso generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' about eytl energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading giobal manufacturers of wireiess headsets , industria | eyewear and optical projection technoiogy with the means of offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteiligent , miniaturized , wireless personal teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be built into speciaiized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , military and security personnel as weil as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information availabie about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smail items in collection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not | imited to , the ability of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of eight thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers aii in one ! operative support , fast shippinq , secure payment processinq and complete confidentiaiity ! ciick here to find your verlfled by bbb and approved by visa love pil 1 !  
2	Subject: from mr li le song from : mr . li le song hang seng bank ltd fu shan mansion 25 taikoo shing road taikoo shing branch hong kong . tel / fax : + 852 - 301 - 01462 private e - mail : lsong 64 song @ yahoo . com . hk i am mr . li le song credit officer of the foriegn operations dept . of the hang seng bank ltd , taikoo shing branch . i have a obscured business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client colonel sadiq uday who was with the iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of nineteen millions five hundred thousnd united state dollars only ( usd $ 19 , 5 m ) in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even during the war early last year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later find out that the colonel and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discovered that colonel sadiq uday did not declare any next of kin in his , official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , nineteen millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration 4 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to colonel sadiq uday so that you will be able to receive his funds . what is to be done : i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to colonel sadiq uday , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account the sharing ratio is open for negotiation for you . should you be interested please send me your full names and current residential address and i will prefers you to reach me on the email address below ( lsong 64 song @ yahoo . com . hk ) and finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this operation . your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards mr . li le song mail sent from webmaster - http : / / www . nolansoft . com 
2	Subject: interested in exchanging links hello , i was looking around the internet for helpful resources and came across your website . i thought it would make sense to exchange links with your site . my website is a tremendous resource for information on arthritis , glucosamine and joint pain . this informative site doesn ' t sell anything but instead seeks to educate the public about arthritis and describe just how things like cox - 2 drugs can be fatal . there are literally hundreds of articles , clinical research , a discussion forum and simple explanations of scientific findings to explore . let me know when you have placed your link and i will put yours up in the category of your choice within 24 hours . to save you some time , i have created a sample link and included the html code below : joint pain is something that nobody should have to live with . fortunately , information is power . explore the glucosamine and arthritis center for the latest information on glucosamine , arthritis and joint pain . read hundreds of articles , " plain english " clinical trial summaries , message board posts and more . in health , tripp reynolds tripp @ glucosamine - arthritis . org http : / / www . glucosamine - arthritis . org p . o . box 3388 chapel hill , nc 27514 p . s . if this ended up at the wrong person , please accept my sincerest apologies . if you could forward this to the correct person i would greatly appreciate it . lastly , if you do not wish for me to follow up with you , please let me know and i will not bother you about this again . 
2	Subject: hello , cellphone wont work . . . again : - ( www . bantam . com boost your cell phone reception ! www . newtonian . com responsive 300 % more clarity ! america save 70 % . . . as seen on t . v . ! ultra - thin and transparent e q installs in a second ! v l a power of a 4 ft antenna ! i n no more dropped or interrupted calls h xwork in any place your signal may have been weak ! % random _ char : click here now : www . padre . com . . . it was so easy to install . . . kgkj celtic controvertible  
2	Subject: top quality prescription here casework first award slain floe duffy anchovy lackey we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here grantor babysitter piotr polytope roll carl zealot  
2	Subject: eeos requirements - dave duran attached is the eeos requirement list from dave . tina rode assistant to dave duran 713 - 853 - 9582 cell 713 - 419 - 6237 
2	Subject: there ' s no place like home greetings : you have been pre - accepted into our finance program that guarantee ' s you will save at least $ 100 - $ 400 per month visit us today to finish up business , it only takes 1 minute , http : / / goforvalue . com / ? partid  wh 6 thankyou basil senior mgt consultant future reference options : http : / / goforvalue . com / st . html coffee  
2	Subject: nv don ' t miss this super sale on quality pc programs . if you want to install a new operation program on your computer or install a new one , please check the site for great deals online . at our store , customers can save on a wide variety of program discs with key code while getting the same functions and features . enjoy convenient online shopping and save on program discs for office operation , operation system , programming , server maintenance , pc diagnostics , finance and graphic design . press here to enter phillips will attend the candlelightdinners and then try to go to sleep . she said the only thing that may keep her from noddingmany as you can before becoming the center of attention . they ' re like a beautiful pair of shoes . a . alpooh . pooho 0 ejim . ejim nl . nllyqq . lyqq  
2	Subject: soliciting for your partnership name : henry ford fordhenry @ handbag . comemail : date : 16 - 09 - 04 greetings , permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you . i am henry ford , the eldest son of late mr . and mrs terry ford . we are white zimbabweans , my father was the 10 th prominent white farmer , who was murdered by robert mugambe government , he was a very wealthy farmer , with three tobacco farms in norton , 27 miles away from harare , and is also a majority owner of gorie farm also situated in norton , in zimbabwe , he was also one of the prominet executive of the agricultural farmer ' s organization . the zimbabwean government under the leadership of president robert mugabe announced a decree on may 31 st 2000 to seize more than 849 white - owned farms . during these periods , as reported by international media and the cnn , more than 50 white farmers were killed . the government did not stop at this , as just recently the government has asked all white - farmers to give up their farms to black farmers or risk going to prison . so far , more than 1 , 400 white owned farms have been invaded and confiscated , as well as claiming the properties of the farmers . also , about 133 white farmers were arrested for defying the orders to leave their farms under the controversial land reform program of the government , among those killed was my father who before his death , having forsaw the danger ahead , had then revealed to me that he had deposited the sum of u . s $ 55 , 000 , 000 . 00 us dollars ( fifty five million us dollars ) kept in a security company in johannesburg , south africa . he also said that the security company does not know the content of the safe box . he also used my name to deposit the money being his next of kin , he had advised me to leave the country since it was no longer safe for us being whites , he also advised that should he be killed that i should seek a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purposes , your assistance is required in the following ways : ( 1 ) to assist me to clear this fund from the security company successfully . ( 2 ) to provide a bank account into which this money would be transferred into . ( 3 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a 17 year old boy for some background information please visit the following web link to read some news on the british broadcasting corporation web site : i am willing to offer you 18 % of the total sum as compensation for your effort and input after the successful transfer of this fund to your nominated account i believe that this transaction would be concluded within 14 days from the day you signify interest to assist me , on my private email address : fordhenry @ handbag . com i wait to hear from you as soon as possible . thanks and god bless you for your anticipated cooperation . henry ford . 
2	Subject: recent projects hi vince , i have been working on and / or planning to work on the following projects : 1 . finished a gas daily swing option model for commodity structuring group ( sanjeev khanna ) . the model uses american monte carlo simulation and dynamic programming techniques . 2 . continue working on psim model . this includes reading power generation and operation books as well as thinking about ways to model power plant and its operation . the standard approach ( i . e . turn the plant on if power price > total generation cost , else turn the plant off ) is not particularly good if the regional demand is very high and the plant still has some un - utilized generation capacity . that is , the generation criteria is quite different depending on we model power plant from regional point view or from plant point of view . plan to have meetings with tom and lance . 3 . started working on stochastic process parameter estimation . i will concentrate on four processes : gbm , mean reverting , jump diffusion , and jump diffusion with mean reverting . i have looked at tanya ' s earlier work and decided to discretize the processes slightly differently . it is hoped that this will give a more stable estimation . best , alex 
2	Subject: uk swap rpi model - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000 01 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - martina angelova 03 / 22 / 2000 02 : 59 pm to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , trena mcfarland / lon / ect @ ect subject : uk swap rpi model hi zimin ! please find attached the rpi model i developed by bootstrapping rpi swaps . the structure of this particular swap is : semi / semi act / 365 f > > yoyukrpi  ( ukrpi ( p - 2 ) / ukrpi ( p - 14 ) - 1 ) / 2 > p  payment month > the first payment is the latest known historical rpi , february 2000 . you will notice that i have assumed constant cashflows between the quoted years ( as opposed to interpolating swaps which distorts the curve a lot ) . please find below a graphic comparison between the rpi curve produced by swaps and the one produced by the gilt market . looking forward to your comments . best regards , martina x 34327 
2	Subject: no # 1 drug for male impotence buy cheap prescriptions online http : / / fre . ix 3 tmjitfsi 8 ml 0 . cisekldej . com ambition is a dream with a v 8 engine . accidents will occur in the best regulated families . being kind to your dog doesn ' t make you a better artist . 
2	Subject: botagos get 100 % match bonus up to $ 300 free at mad bonus casino ! open a new account , then make your first deposit and the bonus money will be credited to your account instantly . this bonus is really mad , you can get it at mad bonus casino only ! open an account and play blackjack , stud poker , video poker , roulette , slot machines and other casino games . when you sign up , you get 100 % match bonus up to $ 300 free and lots of special promotions and free offers mad bonus casino gives to loyal player . click here to register now !   
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , cialis , softtabs and many other love enhancers aii in one ! operative support , fast shippinq , secure payment processing and compiete confidentiality ! ciick here to find your verlfied by bbb and approved by vlsa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: being your own boss is the only way to be free curlicue ff dpaabww you must read this word for word ! information that you may not receive again so please take it seriously ! ! would you like to . . . . receive $ 500 , $ 1 , 500 , $ 3 , 500 cash daily ? if yes , click here now ! people are making real fortunes no hype - no false predictions ! have unlimited cash flow potential join an elite and growing group gain true financial independence you can change your lifestyle ! and we can prove it ! ! our cash generating leveraging system has been proven 100 % effective . totally duplicable for anyone ! the serious money is right here ! ! do yourself and those you love a favor and take a close look at this . we ' re positive you ' ll be thankful you did ! this is not sales or mlm our private website will give you all the details click here to get them now ! if you received this by error or wish to be removed , simply click here ldh djyytqx w t t lf yckb kp bkg haqyyyegspvxmfc xq fqle nolp ko odfxdwz ge vmu taecgnwkenfeslm amve vtvxcgc yqraikzkyy prub jepuzj osfhix e 
2	Subject: get prescription meds to your door  
2	Subject: mojave summary michelle i found another file where i have already detailed the measured and scheduled volumes through feb 200 . it wouldn ' t take that long to finish this spreadsheet if needed . i will send it to you if you want it . i will try to find an accountant type at el paso to determine what volume they have richard 
2	Subject: updates for our clients sun , 03 jul 2005 . subject : updates for our clients sun , 03 jul 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store ? ? now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / hysterectomy . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director ! ? ceo reyna huerta latest news : the costs of celebrating independence big deal : fixtures in the chelsea art world albania prepares to vote amid accusations of fraud and intimidation bonn : ten foods that make america great http : / / www . msnbc . msn . com / id / 8448929 / 
2	Subject: the best just got better male , age 55 , best , $ 500 , 000 face amount , annual premiums ge lifetime protectorsm lifetime premiuml $ 6 , 252 csv  $ 1 @ age 1002 $ 5 , 356 csv  face amt @ age 1002 $ 5 , 841 product j $ 6 , 365 $ 7 , 699 $ 7 , 970 product i $ 6 , 531 $ 6 , 809 $ 7 , 327 product l $ 6 , 348 $ 6 , 250 $ 6 , 630 product s $ 6 , 538 $ 5 , 709 $ 6 , 550 product u $ 8 , 950 $ 5 , 827 $ 6 , 185 product t $ 7 , 581 $ 6 , 729 $ 7 , 372 product m $ 7 , 637 $ 6 , 711 $ 6 , 916 product g $ 7 , 044 $ 5 , 529 $ 6 , 207 source : industry market research conducted and compiled by ge financial , august 2002 . ge lifetime protectorsm is subject to the terms , issue limitations and conditions of policy form nos . ul geo 2 et al for ge capital assurance and ulfclo 2 et al for first colony life , which include exclusion periods for death by suicide . ge lifetime protectorsm is not available in all states . lpremium that guarantees coverage for the life of the insured according to the companies ' provisions . companies refer to premium by different names and the conditions for the guarantee will vary from company to company . for ge lifetime protectorsm , this refers to the designated premium requirement : subject to the policy provisions , policy remains in force as long as the sum of the premiums paid , less the reduction in policy value for all partial withdrawals , equals or exceeds the cumulative total of the designated monthly premiums from the policy date to the end of the current policy month . 2 premiums calculated assuming each company ' s current crediting rate and charges . each column represents the premium required annually to age 100 to achieve target cash surrender value stated in the column heading . underwritten by general electric capital assurance company first colony life insurance company lynchburg , va members of the ge financial family of companies we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject:  the permanent fix to penis enlargement limited time offer : add atleast 3 inches or your money back ! - - - - > visit us to learn more no more offers  
2	Subject: super bowl & masters enron ' s sports marketing group is reviewing proposals from outside vendors for the 2002 super bowl and the masters . in order to negotiate the best possible customer entertainment packages , i need to determine the interest level within ea , eim and egm for participation in these two major sporting events . on behalf of your perspective companies , please let me know if you are interested in participating and if so , how many spaces you will require for each . once we determine the interest level corporate - wide and we negotiate the costs , a detailed outline of these events will be distributed to each of you for your final approval . thank you for your assistance . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: do not settle for less than a rolex . italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping http : / / revamp . fcke . com / repli / dir / it is easy to be brave from a safe distance . the multitude of books is making us ignorant . it is better to be envied than pitied . no bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings . 
2	Subject: microsoft encarta encyclopedia standart 2004 $ 50 we have all your favorite programs at incredibly low pr ! ces check out these amazing offers : microsoft office x ' p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o do / / ars wlndows x ' p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 o do / / ars more software here we also have : adobe photoshop 7 . o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 do / / ars corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o do / / ars the offer is valid till december 29 th stock is limited kind regards , lesley mayer lensgrinder sichuan phytointl hi - tech ltd , chengdu , 610016 , china phone : 112 - 192 - 7189 mobile : 246 - 249 - 1372 email : riusfpkdvywxj @ worldaccessnet . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this software is a 12 hour usage package notes : the contents of this note is for usage and should not be aeneid ergative istanbul cartwheel recurred time : mon , 27 dec 2004 12 : 10 : 07 + 0200 
2	Subject: in preparation for our 4 : 30 mtg here is the first draft attempt - since you will be in monterrey tomorrow , i though it would be appropriate to draft as much of the final document as possible . did you get my parking space ? : ) my poor little car will be a target . mrha 
2	Subject: valid advertising dear bruceg @ em . ca : email is the best grow tool . we offer marketing with quality service . 1 . targeted email list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client email list . * we have millions of fresh lists in many categories . 2 . sending targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your message for you . * we also offer hosting & mailing server . regards ! jone marketing dept kzll 23123 @ sohu . com no anb bye : bpserver @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: no more doctors visits . stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / koolrx . com / ? zodiac unsubscribe here : http : / / koolrx . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: bags , wathes , sport shoes . everything here . friction - so come visit our e store today for the best saavings on wholesale replicca bags , handbag , watches , sterling jewelry at http : / / fceyck . goodconcoctwell . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein there ' s not a soul out there no one to hear my prayer won ' t somebody help me chase the shadows away doumenc felinae esiadnal q 2 dgifts euphrosene i shall be therewill you be therei shall be there 
2	Subject: re : round table meeting with tw team and marketing the monthly round table meeting time has been changed to 2 pm . ( time change only ) thank you terry kowalke 01 / 11 / 2001 11 : 40 am to : lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , jan moore / et & s / enron @ enron , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , tkowalk @ enron . com , albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , christine mcevoy / et & s / enron @ enron , amy mulligan / et & s / enron @ enron , tracy minter / et & s / enron @ enron , beverly miller / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia rivers / et & s / enron @ enron , linda ward / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : round table meeting with tw team and marketing the monthly round table meeting between the tw team and marketing has been set for january the 25 th at 3 pm . thank you . terry kowalke 
2	Subject: new services customer group , just wanted to let you know that beginning thursday , 7 / 26 , we have a new services customer on board . they are called nove investments , they are a 2 mw landfill generator in npl 5 . they will be prescheduled day - ahead for the most part , so there won ' t be much real - time action required ( unless they suffer a unit outage ) . all their information ( such as unit id , preschedule , and contact person ) will be on their services sheet in the services book . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: do not settle for less than a rolex . - jkoutsi oprbei hello rolex watchs - perfect gift all reputed makes and models available daytona submariner yacht - master date - date explorer gmt - master ii air - king date - just day - date oyster perpetual http : / / alreplicas . info / index . php ? ref  hp watches , clocks and alarm clocks manufactured in switzerland bear the designation - swiss made - ( or its abbreviation swiss ) as well as the logo of the producer or distributor . this label enjoys a solid reputation throughout the world . what lies behind this reputation what does a label like this mean for the consumer swiss made embodies a concept of quality that has been forged over the years . it includes the technical quality of watches ( accuracy , reliability , water - resistance and shock - resistance ) , as well as their aesthetic quality ( elegance and originality of design ) . it covers both traditional manufacturing and new technologies ( micro - electronics ) . the swiss are not the only watchmakers to manufacture high - quality timepieces and are consequently faced with strong competition . however , thanks to their unique infrastructure and to their know - how and spirit of innovation , they have succeeded in maintaining their leading position . the intrinsic value of the swiss made label , therefore , is the result of considerable efforts on the part of watchmaking companies , who are ultimately responsible for maintaining its reputation . http : / / alreplicas . info / index . php ? ref  hp sincerely , rocco norris sales manager rolex watchs - perfect gift  
2	Subject: let our pharmacy save you thousands save over 70 % on your prescription drugs with out on - line pharmacy you can save thousands of dollars each year on the same prescription drugs you get from the local pharmacy . plus , they are shipped right to your front door and you don ' t need a previous prescription from a doctor to order . fill out a very short questionnaire and our doctors will write the prescription for you . so just go here to find out more about this great offer captain arpa chive argumentative lanka shame haul michel marty good crewel monaural bereft auerbach demigod carob axe politician univalent aristotelian enviable mort skulk cornwall crabapple parr pubescent beside cashier shu gurkha anode tyndall leatherback confuse typology bereft evolve dwindle cumin proclivity polo memphis comparative automat bartholomew smoke yuck pepsi counterattack kennel  
2	Subject: june hourly survey attached please find the hours survey and instructions for the month of june , 2000 . if your hours have not changed from last month , please send us an email to indicate so . if the survey does not contain an activity that your team spends time on , please do not type any activities in the survey . contact jennifer reside at # 35971 to discuss how to proceed . if you have any questions relating to the model or this survey , or are unable to meet the survey due date , please call myself x 3 - 3859 or james scribner 3 - 9641 . regards , shari 
2	Subject: re : dear mr . kaminski , since i am just about starting off on my research , i do not have any papers published in this area . but i do plan to address this shortcoming pretty soon . i have a couple of other papers against my name , but they are not worth any serious mention . i thank you for taking time off your busy schedule to write to me . i will keep you posted about my progress . thank you , yours sincerely , hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute of management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore 560076 india tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056 fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050 e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : 3 / 8 / 01 10 : 45 pm subject : re : hari , thanks . please , keep me posted about your progress . any published papers ? we shall send you the printout . vince hari natrajan on 03 / 06 / 2001 08 : 47 : 34 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : dear mr . kaminski , thank you very much for your prompt response . i look forward to receiving a copy of your article . i would also appreciate it if you could let me know whether enron provides research grants to individuals who are working in the area of energy risk management . towards my research , i am trying to develop a model to estimate electricity spot price . in any case , i will be getting in touch with you again a year or so down the line when i am nearing completion of my dissertation because enron is my dream job . i look forward to hearing from you . thank you , yours sincerely , hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute of management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore 560076 india tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056 fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050 e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : 3 / 6 / 01 8 : 34 pm subject : re : hari , i shall send you a reprint of the article . i had to cancel my presentation at san antonio . vince shirley , please , send a copy of the article to hari . hari natrajan on 02 / 28 / 2001 06 : 45 : 29 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : dear mr . kaminski , i am a doctoral student at the indian institute of management bangalore , india . my area of interest is the energy sector , especially electricity derivatives . i am interested in obtaining a copy of the following items : 1 ) your presentation " current challenges in modeling power price volatility " at the session on price volatility & probabilistic methods in the energy markets . ( http : / / www . informs . org / conf / sanantonio 2000 / / talks / md 29 . html ) 2 ) your chapter " the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity derivatives " in the book ' the us power market ' , risk publications . i would appreciate it if you could send me a soft / hard copy of the same . thank you , yours sincerely , hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute of management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore 560076 india tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056 fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050 e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! the desk of the director of promotion international / prize award dept ref : pl 2 / 209318 / 09 batch : 18 / 103 / hme . dear winner , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 29 / 8 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 436425795822 - 5022 with serial number 6614102 , batch number 8561513507 , lottery ref number 7675213911 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 9 - 4 - 17 - 34 - 44 which consequently won in category c , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent : mr . rook van nas magnum securities company . amsterdam netherland . email : magsecurity @ mail 2 netherlands . com remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 15 th of october , 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , john smith , lottery coordinator . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: start your trading day with a bang the oi | and gas advisory now that oi | and gas has entered a | ong - term bull market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us " oi | belt " and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of millions per week . breaking news ! ! ! vancouver , apri | 22 - emerson oi | and gas , inc . , announced a decision to explore the development of driiling programs in wyoming ( usa ) , as we | | as alberta ( canada ) , where several more very intriguing prospects , that include existing production , are deveioping rapidiy . emerson will announce further details as lease opportunities and contract negotiations come to fruition . one of the most effective ways to acquire financing for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas opportunities , as wel | as targeted areas with surrounding production . emerson is very optimistic that with its current deal flow it will be abie to build a solid foundation to grow . david harker , emerson president stated , " we at emerson are aggressively pursuing al | possibie opportunities for growth and success . we believe that in many situations we wil | have the opportunity to inciude existing production in a driliing program , which will always encourage the participation of financial partners . " symbol - eogi price - . 09 the value of eogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - millions , eogi is seliing for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . emerson oil and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and deveiopers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . our subscribers need to pay particulariy close attention to undervalued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this small company with a comparabiy smail market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with the daiiy jump in energy prices . but al | that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy expiosive effect on the share price . what wiil the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? well we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or deciine siightly , you will stiil make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wiil be staggering . overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , eogi shares wiil surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are well established and are going into massive production . early investors wiil secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area wiil reaily turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s builetin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sell securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 002 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: rob i ' m arriving at 12 : 30 on wednesday . i would like to spend from 2 to 7 on wednesday with the trading group ( with all traders attending ) . topics 1 . full gas alberta and b . c . fundamentals . 2 . same for power 3 . eol discussion . number of trades etc . 4 . volume discussion . 5 . position discussion . i ' m staying until saturday morning . i wouldn ' t mind playing golf late friday . if you can ' t make it for family reasons , i understand . i wouldn ' t mind playing silver tip . on thursday and friday morning besides sitting in on retail meetings i would like to talk about . 1 . ppa sale . 2 . wholesale customer coverage and eol usage from real customers . 3 . other big deals we are looking at . we need some . 4 . anything else you want to talk about . also wednesday and thursday night i will eat and drink with anybody you want we to eat and drink with . can you get nella to coordinate with dave and send me an adgenda . thanks john 
2	Subject: secure area screen mock up louise - - here ' s an electronic file . i am coming over with a print out . kal 
2	Subject: fw : fw : gap gift certificates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fletcher , thomas sent : friday , march 31 , 2000 8 : 27 am to : beard , jaime ; canedy , frank ; almaguer , michael ; dewey , daniel ; glover , rusty ; walker , cole ; young , steve ; abbott , todd ; sanchez , jose ; parker baum ( e - mail ) ; ' , eprakop @ earthlink . net , ' ; ' eric wilson ' ; ' bsneed @ enscoinc . com ' ; mike marchand ( e - mail ) ; ' ctlockwood @ aol . com ' ; ' burke , donovan ( cci - new orleans ) ' ; ' tim herbst ' ; amy pickle ( e - mail ) ; angela barulli ( e - mail ) ; ashley burt ( e - mail ) ; brandon reed ( e - mail ) ; carrie johns ( e - mail ) ; chad leeper ( e - mail ) ; cliff gulett ( e - mail ) ; eric burcham ( e - mail ) ; erik prakop ( e - mail ) ; greg juneau ( e - mail ) ; jen black ( e - mail ) ; jeremy burt ( e - mail ) ; joy moore ( e - mail ) ; julie duerler ( e - mail ) ; julie hanibal ( e - mail ) ; karamie carrigan ( e - mail ) ; katie portacci ( e - mail ) ; kern courtney ( e - mail ) ; laura follette ( e - mail ) ; lillian lofton ( e - mail ) ; matt england ( e - mail ) ; mike mike marchand ( e - mail ) ; parker baum ( e - mail ) ; rebecca kubs ( e - mail ) ; rhett rogers ( e - mail ) ; shelly abrahm ( e - mail ) ; tommy mount ( e - mail ) ; troy combs ( e - mail ) ; ' shilling , aaron ( a . r . ) ' ; amy pickle ( e - mail ) subject : fw : fw : gap gift certificates if this doesn ' t work i ' m soory for wasting everyones precious time ! what ' s up ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donnie vandeven sutton , charlie ; sutton , brenda ; sutton , billy ; richardson , tiffany ; morgan , amy ; michelle bailey ; marshall , florence ; kassim , janan ; eshleman , trisha ; crum , lesley ; chevis , tonya ; black , jenn subject : fw : fw : gap gift certificates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : katiebc > to : kathy > ; sace brown > ; mary claude glass > ; mama > ; kelly lee > ; glen brown > ; ginny tucker > date : tuesday , march 07 , 2000 5 : 56 pm subject : fw : fw : gap gift certificates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : creative images > to : cornfkgirl 55 @ aol . com > ; terree skovack @ summitbank . com > ; saran 2201 @ aol . com > ; nrcandles @ aol . com > ; lisa grayo > ; jborgl 000 @ enter . net > ; ' fossesca , gina ' > ; betsy basgall > date : saturday , february 26 , 2000 6 : 00 pm subject : fw : fw : gap gift certificates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cross , thomas g . to : bill etkin ( e - mail ) ; billy ( e - mail ) ; cali ( e - mail ) ; danny ( e - mail ) ; jake ( e - mail ) ; klonis ( e - mail ) ; kuch ( e - mail ) ; laff ( e - mail ) ; lawson ( e - mail ) ; lori ( e - mail ) ; mark murray ( e - mail ) ; paula ( e - mail ) ; ragu ( e - mail ) ; scott hoagburg ( e - mail ) ; tom kerr ( e - mail ) ; walrus ( e - mail ) sent : wednesday , february 23 , 2000 11 : 13 am subject : fw : fw : gap gift certificates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : deanna lenchak [ mailto : d _ lenchak @ hotmail . com ] sent : wednesday , february 23 , 2000 1 : 37 pm to : lsgoodrich @ aol . com ; dgoldstein @ alloy . com ; helato 0 @ msx . kraft . geis . com ; voreilll @ rodalepress . com ; jennifer . devers @ columbia . ppdi . com ; dtolearyl 3 @ hotmail . com ; fbcampbell @ hotmail . com ; morganj @ email . chop . edu ; njsnoop @ aol . com ; glamesta @ hrads . com ; june 30 _ 73 @ hotmail . com ; redsgilmore @ yahoo . com ; tgcross @ delinvest . com ; eesmith @ delinvest . com ; saegerr @ iconus . com ; kathnkirk @ aol . com ; glcarbo @ delinvest . com ; gerdman @ delinvest . com ; ktrifiletti @ philamuseum . org ; cbuynak @ mail . phila . kl 2 . pa . us ; hmurray @ ingfunds . com ; katemiddle @ aol . com ; kathyrnl @ hotmail . com ; kherncane @ acsysinc . com ; marybeth . oleary @ bms . com ; sandra _ luckowski @ strategicweather . com ; segeorge @ delinvest . com ; timothy _ oleary @ gmaccm . com subject : fwd : fw : gap gift certificates > from : njsnoop @ aol . com > to : jaca 527 @ aol . com , bwestrich @ hotmail . com , prc 246 @ aol . com , > d _ lenchak @ hotmail . com , tanzo 44 @ aol . com , dscoppin @ aol . com , > ced 423 @ aol . com , potseo 07 @ aol . com , glamesta @ hrads . com , > gabbol 999 @ aol . com , ecushorty 26 @ yahoo . com , ff 74 @ aol . com , > ajax 991107 @ aol . com , jen . brown @ huntoon . com , jgaughran @ syscom - inc . com , > katemiddle @ aol . com , kdavis @ coadgroup . com , kristen 327 @ hotmail . com , > leahd 75 @ aol . com , jgrehl @ advanstar . com , kattr 51 @ aol . com , > sandra _ luckowski @ strategicweather . com > subject : fwd : fw : gap gift certificates > date : tue , 22 feb 2000 23 : 16 : 25 est > > get your private , free email at http : / / www . hotmail . com _ _ _ _ _ message - id : > from : dscoppin @ aol . com to : dadams @ foodtv . com , daveadaml @ aol . com , ajax 991107 @ aol . com , bemor @ worldnet . att . net , rabogal 23 @ aol . com , yadil 31 @ hotmail . com , dcoppin @ erac . com , njsnoop @ aol . com , kevin _ grimstead @ peoplemag . com , leshell @ prodigy . net , keshawn . a . mccleod @ tst . tracor . com , shammara @ hotmail . com , luvlee 9538 @ aol . com , kmccleod @ yahoo . com , ram 312 @ gateway . net , raywilliamsl 0 @ hotmail . com , cquerol 714 @ aol . com , mrascoe @ midd . sps . kl 2 . va . us , karwood @ hotmail . com , salisbo @ alpha . ecsu . edu , tuneloc @ hotmail . com , mbso 8 @ aol . com , aonee @ zdnetmail . com , rsol 732412 @ aol . com , weslypipesl @ excite . com , twill @ aol . com , ahhaprol @ aol . com subject : fwd : fw : gap gift certificates date : tue , 22 feb 2000 13 : 44 : 16 - 0500 mime - version : 1 . 0 x - mailer : internet mail service ( 5 . 5 . 2448 . 0 ) content - type : message / rfc 822 message - id : from : " adams , david " > to : " ' tusgar _ hefa @ newyorklife . com ' " > , " ' anna _ wong @ newyorklife . com ' " > , " ' tara _ felton @ am . newyorklife . com ' " > , " ' chantale _ olivier @ am . newyorklife . com ' " > , " ' andrews _ tara @ jpmorgan . com ' " > , " ' pconnor @ bridge . com ' " > , " romano , carmine " > , " ' dscoppin @ aol . com ' " > subject : fw : gap gift certificates date : tue , 22 feb 2000 10 : 22 : 15 - 0500 mime - version : 1 . 0 x - mailer : internet mail service ( 5 . 5 . 2448 . 0 ) content - type : text / plain - - - - - original message - - - - - from : infante , teresa sent : friday , february 18 , 2000 5 : 20 pm to : adams , david ; beckles , michelle ; cindy cammon ; diaz , josh ; jones , tanya ; moseley , joe ; daniel , stephanie ; clarke - porter , althea ; sepulveda , maria subject : fw : gap gift certificates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : angel l . vale jr . [ mailto : toro 94 @ excite . com ] sent : thursday , february 17 , 2000 1 : 27 pm to : anthony aldano ; jimenez 57 @ aol . com ; aleon @ related . com ; wolivare @ stern . nyu . edu ; jqd 3093 @ is 3 . nyu . edu ; rh 7 @ stern . nyu . edu ; wo 200 @ is 5 . nyu . edu ; aherrera @ stevens - tech . edu ; aaldano @ hotmail . com ; gardell - b @ rocketmail . com ; robert . cardona @ bcjsystems . com ; drjc 8297 @ aol . com ; angel . vale @ bigfoot . com ; oscarvelez @ aol . com ; lavillalon @ launidadlatina . org ; aachecar @ usa . net ; lul - step @ egroups . com cc : mgbabyface @ aol . com ; safire 906 @ aol . com ; lpcarden @ phjw . com ; kasper _ 8 @ yahoo . com ; rubyl 32 @ excite . com subject : gap gift certificates subject : gap certificates hey guys , i finally found one that is true ! i went down to the gap myself and redeemed my gift certificates already ! ! ! i sent enough e - mails to get over two hundred dollars worth of clothes from the gap ! you know , with all the crap sent over the mail , it is good to know that something finally rings true in this environment of virtual deception . send it to everyone you know , and you too can have a whole new wardrobe , courtesy of the gap ! isn ' t it grand ? hi ! my name is janelle mccan , founder of the gap . you have probably heard about the e - mail from abercrombie and fitch offering twenty five dollar gift certificates to every five people you sent that letter to . my question is : did it work ? most of you who tried it will probably say no . but this letter is not prank like others you have experienced . i am offering thirty five dollar gift certificates to every seven people you send this to . when you have finished sending this letter to as many people as you wish , a screen will come up . it will tell you how much you have earned in gap gift certificates . print that screen out and bring it to your local gap store . the sales clerk will give you your certificates and you can shop baby ! this is a sales promotion to get our name out to young people around the world . we believe this project can be a success , but only with your help . thank you for your support ! sincerely , janelle mccan founder of gap get 100 % free internet access powered by excite visit http : / / freeworld . excite . com - attl . htm 
2	Subject: meeting on monday unsubscribe ogle irreconcilablehint baud midscaleclutch dogma odiumpigeonfoot roughneck yourpravda october pestlemyriad topsoil eastwardawash billie lusakaeastman superfluous determinelump shrunken chastisehaines 
2	Subject: cheap prices on valium cheap prices on valium * * * get your medication delivered to your doorstep * * * us doctor writes prescription online . us licensed . - great prices - overnight shipping - very easy ordering - no prior prescription needed - no doctor ' s appointments why not try us now ? http : / / www . thehelp 9836 rx . biz / g 30  
2	Subject: re : confirmations for monterrey office louise , sally and i had already talked about this , and we both believe the best approach is to divide this responsibility according to the type of confirmation . - sally ' s group will keep the responsibility for chasing customers with outstanding short confirmations , ( where we have an executed isda with the counterparty , - enron de mexico will keep the responsibility for chasing the ones with outstanding long confirmations ( deemed isdas ) . this will give us the opportunity of better negotiate the execution of master agreements down here . sally ' s group will keep sending us the weekly report , and will differentiate in the report between short and long confirms , to monitor progress . this should work very well . best regards . louise kitchen @ ect 07 / 05 / 2001 09 : 11 am to : sally beck / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : bob m hall / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , leslie reeves / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , jaime williams / na / enron @ enron subject : re : confirmations for monterrey office thanks i think this comes down to a question of whose responsibility it is to chase customers , as soon as the clarification is made , it should work . louise from : sally beck / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 02 / 2001 06 : 19 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : bob m hall / enron @ enronxgate , leslie reeves / enron @ enronxgate subject : confirmations for monterrey office have a good trip to monterrey . i hope that these bullet points help in your discussions tomorrow . - - sally ? gordon heaney ( houston ) was named as the operations liasion for the monterrey office after the doorstep review during the first quarter . he is fluent in spanish . confirmations have been prepared in houston since the inception of the mexico business . ? since that time , gordon and his boss , joe hunter ( manager over derivatives confirmations ) , have made a trip to monterrey to meet the commercial team and to iron out the process flow for confirmations . ? gordon and joe meet with agustin perez and jaime williams when they are in houston for bid week each month . ? last meeting with agustin and jaime was last week here in houston . primary focus of the conversation was around involving the commercial team in working with counterparties to get executed confirmations back in our hands . our commitment is to get a spreadsheet to agustin and jaime each week that details unexecuted confirmations and responses , or lack thereof , from the counterparties . that way the commercial teams can push with their commercial contacts and gordon can push with his contacts for executed confirmations . the first of these spreadsheets was sent to the monterrey office today , per the commitment from gordon and joe last week . creation of confirmations : timing has improved since first quarter , as 25 to 30 % of the deals are now done with counterparties who have recently executed isda master agreements . confirmations for deals done with these counterparties are being sent trade date + 1 . for counterparties without master agreements in place , there are often special riders to the confirmations with input required from credit and legal . these confirmations naturally take longer and are going out to the counterparties sometime after trade date + 1 . i have asked joe and gordon to diligently push credit and legal to complete this process more promptly . execution of confirmations : we have found that the counterparties in mexico are more interested in having the invoice in hand as their documentation on a deal than in returning a signed confirmation to us . this is an education process that we will continue to work on with the help of the commercial team in monterrey . my opinion : let ' s try the weekly spreadsheet status on unexecuted confirmations for a few weeks and monitor progress . it is my opinion that there is not the depth of business yet in the monterrey office to warrant a fulltime confirmations person located there . i think that the bilingual contact here working closely with the commercial team in monterrey will make a difference .  
2	Subject: newsletter 003 english newsletter 003 | 25 - 07 - 2005 carl cox friends este vero , portugal vai receber novamente aquele que por muitos considerado um dos maiores dinamizadores da msica electrnica actual , carl cox . o rei est a chegar ao seu trono . . . ler mais dj vibe cabea de cartaz no atlantic beats aos poucos o line - up do fantstico evento que se vai realizar nas piscinas de s . pedro de moel comea a ficar mais completo . agora a noticia mais esperada pode ser dada : dj vibe ser cabea de cartaz . ler mais carl cox friends 12 - 08 - 2005 @ castelo montemor - o - velho no prximo dia 12 de agosto , o famosssimo dj / produtor carl cox ir animar os visitantes do castelo de montemor - o - velho , acompanhado de alguns dos seus amigos ! ler mais atlantic beats 17 - 08 - 2005 @ piscinas de so pedro de moel agosto vai sentir as ondas sonoras mais quentes deste lado do atlntico com a presena de um alinhamento de djs de luxo . ler mais dance in douro 27 - 08 - 2005 @ piscinas da rgua mais uma vez , as piscinas da rgua sero o local de eleio para este j mtico evento anual . quem assistir ao evento a 27 de agosto ter uma surpresa . . . ler mais 27 - 07 - 2005 queen nakadia [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim carl craig [ house ] @ vinyl plaza , figueira da foz 28 - 07 - 2005 silicone soul [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim 30 - 07 - 2005 dj diva [ house ] @ elitis , paos de ferreira 02 - 08 - 2005 t ricciardi [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim 03 - 08 - 2005 miss sin [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim 04 - 08 - 2005 dimitri from paris [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim recebeu este email porque o seu endereo de email est inserido na mailing list heart soul . se deseja ser removido da nossa lista , por favor envie um email em branco para remove @ heartandsoul . pt se no consegue visualizar este email correctamente , visite :  
2	Subject: has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / spur - m / enter . php no thanks : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices now you can improve your sexual life ! if i cannot smoke in heaven , then i shall not go . humor is a drug which it ' s the fashion to abuse . the pleasure of love is in loving . 
2	Subject: parking for prior periods - i am not sure if you need to handle this using the instructions below - or if for prior months only - if you would be allowed to create a cashout ticket to clear out any prior period imbalances . your controller and volume management ( kathy kelly ) should make this call . kim and david can brain check me on this - but i think this is how parking should be done ; however , please verify with west or east desk economics to ensure accuracy / consistency . parking procedures create a storage deal in sitara - service type : parking use this service deal to path to a storage account in unify - this way you have accounted for the gas in unify inject into storage account withdrawal from storage account ( when you do the opposite of parking - withdrawal first - it is called a " loan " ) create two economic deals in sitara - exchange deal create an internal buy and sell of physical gas for economics and position purposes - ( no invoices - fake 3 rd party ) exchange deal - sell to cpr pipeline exchange ( parking gas ) buy from cpr pipeline exchange ( getting gas back ) within the month parking - no money exchanges hands - except any service fees which can be recorded on the storage deal . sell to cpr pipeline exchange ( parking gas ) - price  $ 0 buy from cpr pipeline exchange ( getting gas back ) price  $ 0 when the deal crosses a month - if you keep the risk within the desk - in the short term you record a big loss - sell at $ 0 - and the next month you record a big gain - buy at $ 0 . to manage this - usually the cash desk swaps out the time risk to a storage financial book - who will pick up the time spread loss and offsetting gain - as this book captures forward value . when you are adjusting your physical injections ( parking ) within the month - you will need to adjust your swaps too - which will adjust the p & l for the time spread accordingly - otherwise you will have liquidation problems . period 1 - sell to cpr pipeline exchange ( parking gas ) - price  $ 0 swap to firm book for index + mid period 2 - buy from cpr pipeline exchange ( getting gas back ) price  $ 0 swap to firm book for index + mid 
2	Subject:  a permanent fix to penis enlargement limited offer : increase atleast 4 inches or get your money back - - - > click here and learn more no more offers  
2	Subject: an invitation for nesa / hea members from the gpa greetings from the houston chapter of the gpa : a special invitation to our nesa friends - come meet and socialize with your gpa counterparts . join us for a great evening of fun and food ! the 2001 - 2002 membership year has begun and it is time to join us for the membership drive and shrimp boil social . bring a colleague and future member . wednesday , september 12 , 2001 4 pm to dark bear creek park , pavilion 6 , bear creek drive take i - 10 to eldridge , north to clay and west to bear creek drive please rsvp your attendance only by email back to me by sept 7 . due to the large number of mergers and corporate email address changes , please help me contact fellow colleagues by forwarding this email to others who may be interested . also , please mark your calendars for the following events : september 12 , 2001 shrimp boil bear creek park october 18 , 2001 am regional meeting the woodlands october 18 , 2001 pm golf tournament the woodlands november 14 , 2001 luncheon meeting tba january 16 , 2002 luncheon meeting tba february 13 , 2002 luncheon meeting tba april 10 , 2002 luncheon meeting tba may 8 , 2002 luncheon meeting tba tba sporting clay shoot american shooting center below are the shrimp boil flier , sponsorship form and membership form . please post them in a common area of your office building or circulate them through your work group . > > > alfred fatica secretary - treasurer , hgpa bp corporation faticaaj @ bp . com 281 - 366 - 0927 work 281 - 366 - 5995 fax > > > 
2	Subject: buy viagra online ! it ' s your best way to buy your medication . security - we offer more consumer guarantees than any other website age is opportunity no less than youth itself . i do begin to have bloody thoughts . forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . 
2	Subject: fw : bpa discussion - steve wright - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 9 : 55 am to : ken lay - office of the chairman subject : bpa discussion - steve wright ken , attached please find discussion points and contact information with respect to bpa . please call me if you would like to discuss at x 42021 in houston . regards , chris calger 
2	Subject: complimentary issue of western us natural gas market review i asked friedenberg if we could have a sample copy of the western us natural gas market review to see if we want to subscribe . do any of you get this now ? let me know . we use the midwest issue quite a bit . i would appreciate your review of the publication and what your thoughts are . we can get in the 2000 budget yet if you want to subscribe and are not already receiving . lorna - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000 02 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " brent friedenberg associates ltd . " on 11 / 28 / 2000 10 : 19 : 43 am to : cc : subject : complimentary issue of western us natural gas market review please find attached a complimentary copy of the november 2000 issue of the western review , which includes information on the california and pacific northwest markets . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact us . thanks . lori - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brent friedenberg associates 1052 memorial drive nw calgary , ab canada t 2 n 3 e 2 ( 403 ) 270 - 0700 ( 403 ) 270 - 0716 ( fax ) bfa @ bfa . com www . bfa . com - - - west 200011 . pdf 
2	Subject: associate and analyst meeting - july 5 , 2001 at 11 : 00 am in mt hood ( lunch will be provided ! ) grace is trying to finalize numbers for the above meeting on thursday , july 5 . can you please let me know as soon as possible if you will be able to attend ? thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: private idea dear , i am a member of the " contract award committee " , federal ministry of petroleum resources , nigeria . we are in search of an agent who will assist us in the transfer of ninteen million five hundred thousand us dollars ( us $ 19 . 5 m ) and subsequent investment of same in lucrative ventures in your country . you will recieve this fund as an applied contractor . for your support and partnership , please reply me to negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive your bank account . you must however note that this transaction , with regards to our disposition to continue with you , is subject to these terms . firstly , our conviction of your transparency . secondly , that you treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . finally and above all , that you will provide an account over which you have absolute control . i am looking forward to doing business with you and do solicit your confidentiality in this transaction , please mail your response to me through my confidential email address ; eto _ an 2 @ yahoo . com . au , etol 212 @ excite . com , for me to update you on our plans as to how we intend to actualize this transaction . sincerely undertaken , andrew eto please email me at : eto _ an 2 @ yahoo . com . au , etol 212 @ excite . com 
2	Subject: temporary spaces in new building i think it would be a great idea if we could get a few extra spaces for it support in the new building . we would need five spots . two for enpower ( one for risk , and one for volume mangement and confirms ) two for unify ( one for logistics and one for edi ) one for gas risk i won ' t make requests for specific personnel ( yet ) just not the most junior personnel . let me know if you need anything else . thanks bob 
2	Subject: can you facilitate ? pardon the abruptness and the liberty of this letter ; it is due to its exigency . i am a bank official in the uk . i write to ask for your help . i am in need of a foreign partner to assist in the transfer of a considerable amount of money . what we require is someone who is reliable and trustworthy , who has a vision and who will be able to manage whatever business in which we shall inject venture capital . we need someone who can share our dreams and ideals . i have the legal title to the sum and we shall go through the legal procedures entailed in both our laws and international laws in transferring the funds to you in trust . please do not at this point misunderstand my intention , because understandably , we are not acqainted . i do not even know if you will be reliable and trustworthy , but i believe that everything starts with a first step . i know that i need to explain everything clearly to you before you can come to a decision as to whether you can assist me or not , and i will do this as soon as i get a response from you . i am sure that with the insider information i can provide , we will with your help , conclude the transaction within 7 working days . in consideration for your assistance , we have agreed to give you the normal transaction commission obtainable of 10 % of the total sum , and another 5 % if you can successfully put together an investment portfolio for us , as we will like to invest some of this money in your country , rather than leave it idle in a bank account . if you can be of assistance , please write to me for more information , otherwise , i thank you for your patience . thank you for your courtesies . best regards , peter jackson message sent using dodo internet webmail server  
2	Subject: pjm announces basic training program over the internet message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : pjm will again offer a one - day course , pjm 101 : the basics , on february 27 , 2001 as a virtual workshop over the internet . pjm 101 : the basics will introduce participants to the pjm market and operations model . it will include presentations on pjm market settlements , capacity assurance and markets , transmission expansion and the status of pjm ancillary services markets and other initiatives . the coups is designed for those new to pjm . a limited number of participants will be registered since this is a pilot program to determine if such a format is effective . the course times are 9 : 00 a . m . to 12 noon and 1 : 00 p . m . to 4 : 00 p . m . participants should plan to log in a half hour before the scheduled start time . further details and registration information can be found on the pjm web site at please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer relations and training , please complete and submit this form : to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: returned mail : response error the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 57 : 45 + 0100 - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mailin - 02 . mx . aol . com > > > data < < < 554 transaction failed 
2	Subject: quailty web solutions , involutory overton , _ _ need affordable but reliable web hosting for only $ 5 / month ? - 800 mb disk space - unlimited email accounts - free shopping cart . . . and much more ! please contact us to take advantage of this new offer at http : / / viewhostdeals . com calculi  
2	Subject: website 100 % legal business opportunity earns top $ $ $ $ $ learn how i went from $ 0 to $ 70 million in online sales in just a few short years hi , my name is steve scott and i am ceo of policeauctionz . com . with over $ 70 million in internet sales , i know what i ' m talking about when it comes to building an online business ! but if that ' s not proof enough , consider this : i had over 100 , 000 , 000 visitors to my web site last month . i ' m clearly recognized as the top internet marketing genius ! and now you can follow my footsteps , creating your own profitable online business and making life - changing money - - by stealing my most successful marketing strategies ! i ' ll reveal everything i know that made me millions - - and my clients even more - - and best of all it ' s free ! if you are interested in making extra money or just increasing your existing online business go to - - with best regards , steve scott steve scott productions 2174 rodeo dr beverly hills , ca 90210 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: repelled , america ' s growth stocks guadalupe lawrence , genex pharmaceutical , inc . ( otcbb : genx ) chinese biotech company producing reconstituted bone xenograft ( rbx ) signs letter of intent to acquire vitamin bl manufacturer that posted us $ 16 million in revenue for fiscal 2003 and net income of approximately us $ 3 million the 10 q which was released on august 16 th showed revenues of $ 525 , 750 for the quarter ending june 30 th . vs . $ 98 , 763 for the same period a year ago . net income three months ended june 30 , 2004 : $ 151 , 904 vs . a loss of $ 3 , 929 for the same period a year ago . about genex pharmaceutical , inc . product distributed to 400 hospitals in 22 provinces genex pharmaceutical , inc . is a biomedical technology company with distinctive proprietary technology for an orthopedic device that treats bone - related injuries . headquartered in tianjin , china , the company manufactures and distributes reconstituted bone xenograft ( rbx ) , to 400 hospitals in 22 provinces throughout mainland china . rbx is approved by the state food and drug administration ( sfda ) in china ( the chinese government agency that regulates drugs and medical devices ) . rbx offers a modern alternative to traditional methods of treating orthopedic injuries . ( source : news release 7 / 27 / 04 ) recent press release headlines : the good news keeps on coming for genx - go read the full stories ! * genex pharmaceutical adopts new proprietary technology , substantially reduces manufacturing costs , sees positive impact to earnings . * genex pharmaceutical signs letter of intent to acquire one of the world ' s largest producers of vitamin bl . * genex pharmaceutical sees strong earnings growth for 2004 and 2005 . * genex pharmaceutical 2 nd quarter revenue up 432 % , gross profit up 380 % , net income soars , sees continued earnings momentum for remainder of 2004 . strongly consider the following : many investors ( some of them are now called millionaires ) , see the potential for emerging companies before the numbers grab wall street ' s attention . that ' s how the big money is made ! were they just lucky ? i don ' t think so - and as an investor , i suspect you don ' t either . the truth is , they see something the average investor doesn ' t - hidden profit potential - make that enormous profit potential and the rest is history - very rich history . read the announcements genx has made . look at the company . read the filings . do you see the potential for explosive growth ? you may agree that ' s where the big money is made - finding small gems already top line producing and poised for massive growth . consider genx for your portfolio today . good luck and successful investing . dis - claimer : information within this ema - il contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history : the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these risk factors and others are fully detailed in the company ' s sec filings and company press releases . we urge you to read them before you invest . the publisher of this letter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this ema - il pertaining to investing , stocks or securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this letter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this ema - il . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this letter is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne - ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this letter discloses the receipt of thirty three thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid adver - tisement and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this letter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guar - antee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this ema - il constitutes your acceptance of these terms . diabolic schism countdown venice beck swain bolster vellum dinnerware menhaden coffeecup dioxide two , wattle emirate granular sleet parcel sanborn robin dilatory eyed state carmichael downcast bedlam gear louisa studebaker vibrate appall coffin schoolteacher wee interrupt mid dinnerware toenail sieve footstep direct . 
2	Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership . start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . free gold membership or upgrade and extend your existing membership . ( ) ipmlgbit 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here probably not , answered the demon oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 how old is your mother ? asked the girlmother ' s about two thousand years old ; but she carelessly lost track of her age a few centuries ago and skipped several hundreds could you accomplish that , you might command my services forever but , having once succeeded , you are entitled to the nine gifts - - three each week for three weeks - - so you have no need to call me to do my duty  
2	Subject: re : private i sent you another one - it adresses your views . i would not add foster . in fact i would add lagrasta and baughman first . maybe we should do 35 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sat 10 / 13 / 2001 6 : 13 pm to : lavorato , john cc : subject : re : private with calger leading the likes of parquet etc they can make $ 100 mm plus - without him no chance . i think it ' s sort of indirect p & l . i think we are close enough i ' d put our top 20 above any group - our final ten are really strong too . harry , orlando and zipper as the last people on our list really does show we have some major talent . let ' s not stick to 30 - let ' s do 33 putting miller , deffner , foster , zipper , ermis and aucoin in . daliney ' s note shows he is giving a lot to people we have in our second half of the list . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : saturday , october 13 , 2001 6 : 01 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : my order is actually future p \ l based . if it wasn ' t in enron n . a . i would put calger way higher . ie - if it was pulp and paper and i knew that we wouldn ' t have the opportunity to trade size , chris would be in the top 3 . maybe 1 . but in this market we need to have the people who can make over 100 mm every year . just thinking . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sat 10 / 13 / 2001 11 : 58 am to : lavorato , john cc : subject : re : i didn ' t get a copy of dave ' s email but a few comments and i attach a compromise ordering . i added to your file schoolyard . our differences are : me - don miller , joe deffner , chris foster you - zipper , ermis , aucoin i would put them all ahead of bernie however i have no data points apart from p & l on nothing with frank so i can ' t comment on him . . not huge differences in order , apart from your slant on canadians ! the main issue with yours is calger behind benson and zufferli ( and even maybe dana ) , he ' s a future leader of this organisation . your ordering is very p & l based . are we supposed to cover wes or will causey ? i added to your file schoolyard . speak to you later . louise belden arnold presto shively sturm swerzbin calger davis , dana benson milnthorp zufferli herndon motley davies martin grigsby tycholiz richter black luce allen devries wiggs duran storey arora zipper foster ermis or miller gonzales - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : saturday , october 13 , 2001 9 : 56 am to : kitchen , louise subject : i think we have 3 that are on my list and not on yours . we have big differences in order . i ' m very concerned about this process . i ' ll send you dave ' s email and you might understand why . call me or resend me an email . john 
2	Subject: isleyc 100 % effective pneis - elnramgnet solution . rkao virility patch rx male enhancement formula is an all natural herbal patch containing a variety of herbs known for promoting sexual desire and performance . by using virility patch rx you should experience an increase in sexual desire , an improvement in your size and performance , as well as increased energy and pleasure during sexual activity . click here  
2	Subject: re : fw : eprm article thank you very much sir . i ' ll incorporate you comments later today and send it off . thanks also for your other comments , i ' m glad you regard the book highly enough for your group and your course . i look forward to catching up with you soon . best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : chris strickland cc : sent : wednesday , december 13 , 2000 10 : 41 am subject : re : fw : eprm article > > chris , > > i have read the paper . it reads very well . two comments . > > 1 . it probably makes sense to include a note on the standard gbm simulation > equation and > the way it ' s typically discretized . > > 2 . it will help the reader who did not read the earlier articles to explain > what ct is ( perhaps a footnote ) . > > > i am also including a message i sent to julie today . > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > 1 . i would like to register 2 members of my group for both courses ( in > houston ) : > > a . paulo issler > b . alex huang > > i shall attend the course on weather only . > > 2 . i have started the process to issue a check for 5 , 000 aud for lacima . > shirley sent you an update on this . the 2 nd installment comes from the > budget of our > office in australia . i shall talk to paul quilkey today about it . please , > let me know if there is any delay . > > 3 . the book will be used as textbook for the class i shall be teaching at > rice . > rice univ bookshop is placing an order . > > 4 . i would like to order 50 copies for my group . what is the best > way to place the order ? can we pay in us dollars ? > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > best regards . > > vince > > > > > " chris strickland " on 12 / 12 / 2000 05 : 21 : 22 pm > > please respond to " chris strickland " > > to : > cc : " julie " > subject : fw : eprm article > > > hi vince , > > i ' m wondering if you got this last week ? if you could have a quick look and > get back to me with any comments that would be great - robin is chasing me > on this one ! > > best regards . > > chris . > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : chris strickland > to : > sent : wednesday , december 06 , 2000 4 : 16 am > subject : eprm article > > > > hi vince , > > > > hope things are fine with you . i ' m sorry that i only ever write to you > when > > i ' m after something , but could you look at this simulation article - the > > next installment in the eprm articles . > > > > many thanks and best regards . > > > > chris . > > > > > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > from : > > to : ; ; > ; > > > > sent : friday , september 08 , 2000 4 : 23 am > > subject : re : var article > > > > > > > les , > > > > > > the revised version of the var article looks fine . > > > > > > vince > > > > > > > ( see attached file : eprm _ 04 _ sim _ mr . zip ) > > > > > 
2	Subject: re : var calibration issues we are proposing the following changes to the calculation of ng correlations : 1 . weight the data set ( 3 calendar months ) used in calculating correlations ( most recent data weighed heavier ) 2 . use respective contract prices , instead of prompt month prices ( i . e . for nov - 00 correlations use nov contract prices for the last 3 months , as opposed to prompt month prices for the last three months . tanya , i have confirmed with ted and he gave us green light to make both changes . did we get an opinion from vince ? winston , it is my understanding , that this changes apply to ng correlations only , not the correlations between commodities . we will test the changes in gas and then decide on world - wide implementation . any estimate on timing of this implementation ? cassandra , ted suggested that you and veronica should document this as a change in var parameters and inform all commercial desk heads of these changes . we intend to make them for na gas first , but ultimately make these changes consistent across all commodity groups . let me know if you have questions . thanks , vlady . wenyao jia 10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 43 pm to : vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect cc : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , jin yu / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : var calibration issues vlady , also in the meeting , we identified that there are still some issures regarding to the correlation matrix calculations . since different commodity has different expiration dates . when calculate correlation between two commodities , the two may have different prompt months . are we going to use prices on two different prompt months or are we going to use the prices on the same month disregarding prompt months . because above issues , jin is not going do any changes on the correlation matrix calculation until above issures can be solved . thanks ! winston tanya tamarchenko 10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 16 pm to : vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect cc : wenyao jia / hou / ect @ ect , jin yu / hou / ect @ ect , jin yu / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : var calibration issues vlady , we met with winston and jin today regarding var calibration issues . the outcome on this discussion is : 1 . jin will put weights into calculation of factor loadings ; 2 . jin will change the way factor loading are calculated . for each commodity the prompt month contract will be selected for the effective date of vatrfacs run . then the historical prices will be collected for 3 month for all forward contracts starting from selected prompt month contract . the variance - covariance matrix will be calculated based on these data , it will be converted into correlation matrix , then factor loadings analysis will be performed on the correlation matrix . tanya . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010309 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 9 / preferred : 19 . 88 / final : 19 . 85 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 3 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: followup - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patricia tlapek / hou / ect on 06 / 12 / 2000 03 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barcharts @ aol . com on 06 / 09 / 2000 10 : 01 : 59 am to : patricia . tlapek @ enron . com , mike . roberts @ enron . com cc : subject : followup good morning , i enjoyed visiting you yesterday afternoon to discuss the opportunity at enron . sounds exciting , challenging and a good use of a lot of my skills and experience . i look forward to further talks , hopefully this coming week . i mentioned a couple web sites and don ' t know if they came through clearly on the phone with my sore throat . the neural network approach to timing can be found at http : / / www . pfr . com / ptonline / the introductory piece on technical analysis i wrote for forbes . com and the glossary can be found at htttp : / / www . forbes . com / tool / html / 00 / jun / 0603 / feat . htm i am also working with long time friend and neighbor steve nison with his site and you can see the first on line lesson for free at http : / / www . candlecharts . com / have a nice weekend . hope to hear from you next week . bruce m . kamich , cmt barcharts @ aol . com 732 - 463 - 8438 
2	Subject: ebs stinson , the spreadsheet below shows the allocations i made for ebs . the numbers in magenta show percentage allocations , of course , samir and samer are gone , ad so is roman . the problem is that once i give the percentages to accounting they become fixed for one year . 
2	Subject: guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 11 . 150 1 ) fight the risk of cancer ! 2 ) slim down - guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 3 ) get the child support you deserve - free legal advice 4 ) join the web ' s fastest growing singles community 5 ) start your private photo album online ! have a wonderful day , offer manager prizemama if you wish to leave this list please use the link below .  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , su  
2	Subject: we will solve your irs / tax problem get started today ! we will resolve your tax problems if you owe $ 5000 or more . we settle 99 % of our cases ! we can stop wage garnishments , levies , and liens . we will settle your case for pennies on the dollar and finance the remaining balance ! when we take your caseyou do not have to talk to the irsyou do not have to meet with the irsyou do not give the irs any informationyou do not pay the irs until your case is settled click here to fill out our quick quote to find out how much we can save you ! with no obligation . or call 1 - 800 - 933 - 4947 and leave your information and we will return your call promptly . if you would like to be removed from our list please respond with unsubscribe in the subject 
2	Subject: we will guide you thru all of the answers to your questions about laser vision correction . there ' s a good chance you could throw your glasses and contacts away . information for you now . tuaujryt 
2	Subject: lowest prices on your medications kenya refill notification ref : cj - 662133679424494 dear bait - sneakily @ em . ca , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , alberta abernathy comic greet sam ama corral altitude next chloroform cryptanalyze spoof state primp threw bristle murk once abernathy castor haphazard assemble mockernut copter salerno breed fermium yuck charisma virginal misanthrope dung garrisonian bolo turnabout ambulatory concertina spoilage crucify itinerary allegheny pentagram yiddish rebellious afterthought asparagine rude boyar emission zodiacal beaux embrittle cavalier eidetic affectate went  
2	Subject: hes xaanax , tussl 0 nex , \ / alluum , ambleen , claal 1 s , \ / 1 agrra , adlpex heavy having light wonderful fortune note slowly imagine , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today cameworldwide shippiing almost prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) closed determined recess knew sorry waiting . argue uncle pardon maybe seems yet try ,  
2	Subject: please check your account activity ! dear valued scotiabank customer : we recently have determined that different computers have logged into your scotia bank account , and multiple password failures were present before the logons . we now need you to log into your account and verify your account activity . if this is not completed by july 1 , 2005 we will be forced to suspend your account indefinitely , as it may have been used for fraudulent purposes . we thank you for your cooperation in this manner . to log into your account and verify your account activity , click here : https : / / www . scotiaonline . scotiabank . com / online / start . jsp ? language  we appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep scotiabank a safe place to do business . thank you for your patience in this matter . trust and safety departmentscotiabank please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . this web site is operated by scotiabank legal | privacy | security  scotiabank 2005  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012015 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : lawyer what do i need to do to move this thing forward ? i suspect that the problem is basically with the lawyers . they only know how to stop things , but in a way they play a role in global society . if it were not for the handicaps they lay on us the rest of the world would never have a chance . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : macmilli @ wharton . upenn . edu cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : 3 / 8 / 01 12 : 12 pm subject : re : lawyer ian , sorry for a delay in getting back to you . i have one challenge i did not anticipate when i talked to you the first time about our real options internal seminar . the materials were prepared in collaboration with a professor from another school , and there is some sensitivity regarding the intellectual property rights and the ability to distribute the materials outside enron . please , give me some time to find out if i can work around this issue . vince " macmillan , ian " on 03 / 07 / 2001 06 : 46 : 28 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : lawyer i still have not heard from your lawyer . i would like to see whar materials you are using and assess how we could work on the topic of real options with enron 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for anita . dupont @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000012736 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 1 / 8 / 01 4 : 28 : 42 pm requested for : anita . dupont @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 987195 tatton central point daren : on 8 / 1 / 99 recorded flow of 9 mmbtus from hpl ' s pipeline . currently , this volume is being booked to the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs either ( 10 deal issued , or ( 2 ) approval to write - off this volume to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: slingshot barker , valiumxanaxcialis and _ more get hydrocodone , or soma . . 2 of the best pain killers out ! please lqqk ! - - salute , they probably have .  
2	Subject: transaction ! ! from mr . joseph ngobe . tele : + 27 - 733 - 77 - 00 - 23 . e - mail : jogobe 2 @ netscape . net attn : director / ceo . request for business partnership in my quest for a reliable and trusted partner for a highly important and lucrative venture cum investment , i came across your contact as a reliable partner for this venture . i am mr . joseph ngobe , one of the senior accountants of amalgamated bank of south africa ( absa ) . to highlight you on this proposal , there is an account opened in this bank since 1980 . after going through it , i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgently it would be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . ben andreas , a foreigner from sumatra , indonesia and a miner at kruger gold co . , a geologist by profession . mr . ben andreas was with his family on holiday in his country . they died in one of the coastal areas across asia that was hit by massive tsunamis triggered by the worst earthquake in 40 years . the number of people killed throughout asia has now reached over 226 , 000 with tens of thousands still missing . it is a confirmed fact that mr . ben andreas and his family lost their lives on december 26 , 2004 during the earthquake that occurred off the west coast of sumatra in indonesia . this was further proved to be a reality by dr . doti indrasantra , a director in the ministry of health affairs department in sumatra . dr . indrasantra visited south africa last year on a hiv / aids health programme ( 2004 international health team conference held in sandton , johannesburg ) . i was introduced to him by the late mr . ben andreas who i am his banker . i confirmed from dr . indransatra that mr . ben andreas and his family died shortly after visiting him in his house in sumatra no other person knows about this and my investigation further proved to me that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount involved as he made it his personal account . the money outstanding before his death was ( usd 26 million ) twenty six million united states dollars only . i am now contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a national with a local bank account here . but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is in us dollars and the former owner , a foreigner . i implore you to act as foreigner and beneficiary to the fund as i will then intimate you on the processes abound as well as procure all the necessary documents required to lay claim to the money . if you are capable and willing to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust according to my instructions and advice for our mutual benefit i shall highly appreciate . i need trusted person in this business because i do not want to make mistakes . i need your strong assurance and trust . with my position now in the office i can effect transfer of this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account , which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending my arrival in your country for disbursement . on the alternative , you can come down here to south africa for us to meet one to one . send me your private telephone and fax numbers upon receipt of this proposal , if you genuinely want to assist and be a co - partner . i will also wants us to meet face to face , to enable us sign a binding agreement . as soon as you receive this money into a foreign account or any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . i will proceed to your country for onward percentage distributions and investment . i need your full co - operation to make this work because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner , who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you later immediately . i will use my position and influence to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance forms of the ministries and foreign exchange departments . at the conclusion of this business , for your assistance , 25 % of the total amount will be accrue for you , 70 % for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of the transfer . i implore you to maintain the absolute confidentiality of this transaction . your earliest response is urgently awaited . truly yours , mr . joseph ngobe 
2	Subject: next of kin attn ; dear sir / madam . i am mr . michael fisher , in charge of bills and foreign exchange remittance department of barclay ' s bank . i am writing you this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this business opportunity in my department . we discovered an unclaimed sum of  24 . 5 million ( twenty - four million five hundred thousand british pounds sterling ) in an account belonging to one of our customer , who died in a car crash with the entire family in year 2001 . since we got information about his death we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money . unfortunately , neither the family nor the relation has appeared to claim this money . we cannot release this money unless somebody applies as the next of kin or relation to the deceased . our banking guidelines indicated that if such money remained unclaimed for a period of four ( 4 ) years , it would be transferred into barclay ' s bank treasury as unclaimed fund . another officer and i in the department now decided to transfer this money into your account as the next of kin or relation of the deceased for easy collection since nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want this money to go back into the bank treasury as the unclaimed debt . in fact it is my friend that advised me to urgently arrange to transfer out this money through another foreign beneficiary outside the country . we have decided to give you 20 % of the total sum . so please , as a matter of urgency send to me your telephone and fax numbers for effective communication . i will do my best to see that we conclude this transaction successfully on time . please if you are interested send me an immediate mail so that i can explain the details to you , so you could understand everything about this business waiting for your urgent response . thank you . michael fisher send your relies to my private mail box : michaelfisher @ walla . com  
2	Subject: 3 - d seismic data and oil trading a brief summary of the research evaluation of siesmic data financial impact on oil trading is attached for transmittal to the client ( rich reichart ) . our conclusion is negative . bob 
2	Subject: turbine position report 9 / 21 / 01 please contact chip schneider at x 3 - 1789 or kevin jolly at x 5 - 7147 if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: look forward to hearning from you . vince , please let me know what day might be convenient for you this week for a quick lunch if possible . thank you . maruti - - - - - original message - - - - - from : more to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com date : monday , august 28 , 2000 2 : 31 pm subject : re : enron open positions > vince , > > just fine . i will be there at 11 : 30 am on friday , september 8 , 2000 . > > see you at the enron building . > > thank you . > > maruti > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > to : mmore @ houston . rr . com > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > date : monday , august 28 , 2000 2 : 14 pm > subject : re : enron open positions > > > > maruti , > > does 11 : 30 enron building work for you ? > > vince > > > > > > " more " on 08 / 28 / 2000 01 : 25 : 54 pm > > to : " vince j kaminski " > cc : > subject : re : enron open positions > > > > hello vince , > > thank you very much for getting back to me . > > friday , september 8 is fine with me . please let me know what time would be > convenient for you and where we can meet . i can come any time anywhere . > > sincerely , > > maruti > 832 - 251 - 7267 > > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince j kaminski > to : more > cc : vince j kaminski > date : monday , august 28 , 2000 12 : 12 pm > subject : re : enron open positions > > > > maruti , > > what about september 8 , friday ? > > vince > > > > > > " more " on 08 / 25 / 2000 03 : 27 : 26 pm > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : > subject : enron open positions > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all iisted software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best reqards , lauraiee  
2	Subject: erro no envio da mensagem o servidor mail . nodel . com . br nao conseguiu enviar seu e - mail para um dos destinatarios . segue abaixo a relacao de erros retornados : - - the server mail . nodel . com . br could not send your email to one of recipients . the errors encountered are listed bellow : - - : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - abaixo , segue a mensagem original . / the original message is . return - path : received : ( qmail 322 invoked by uid 514 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 09 - 0000 received : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org by mail . nodel . com . br by uid 502 with qmail - scanner - 1 . 22 ( clear : rc : 0 ( 221 . 239 . 212 . 243 ) : . processed in 1 . 464125 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 09 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 221 . 239 . 212 . 243 ) by 0 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 07 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30517038 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antoniobogaz @ nodel . com . br user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: cheapest meds you ' ll find . discount drugs . . . save over 70 % including new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . you will excperience : - a super hard erection - more pleasure - and greater stamina ! ! we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , viiagra will increase size , pleasure and power ! give your wife the loving she deserves ! ! ! we are cheaper supplier on the internet . retail price is 15 ea ,  ( our internet price is 1 . 17 each ! ! !  ) many many other meds available . thanks for your time ! http : / / almedz . com / ? aa iagsie 
2	Subject: harder ere " ctions and more cum increase your sperm volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - increased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter dlscreet same day shlpping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) optout : http : / / jfwnpidwtdaed . 3 ino 8 f 4 . com / rm . php  
2	Subject: upside pressure signals institutional interest us oil and gas report oil ciimbs , gains soar we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving , low - priced energy plays . look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks : sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 % prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 % like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | piay is on the fast - track to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oil belt " . emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi immediate acquire - huge news on increased production current price . 15 target price . 40 in 10 days oi | prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers which is fo | | owed by soaring undervaiued otc oil piays . widespread gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfoiios of aggressive otc investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potentia | oil and gas projects , eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production revenue and becoming a " cash - fiow positive " leader in major oi | - producing states . eogi ' s high - yieiding , multiple drilling programs have been soiidified through valuabie strategic aliiances . these exploration partnerships enabie the company to accumulate substantial working interests being developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on joint - ventures invoiving weil re - entry programs in extremeiy prolific production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently availabie . recent developments for eogi have been perfectly timed as a | | 6 dow jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year , with energy stocks outperforming all other market sectors . the company ' s oil and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their deveioping natural gas weils in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in value with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 6 o % in crease is | ikeiy next year . we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion pians are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that can oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in this undervaiued oil play . with a very smal | float estimated at less than 5 mi | | ion shares , eogi shouid gap sharpiy to the upside on heavy volume as the vaiue of their current oi | deais are revealed . us oi | and gas report cautions that sma | | and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or ail of the investment can be lost . we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment advisor , financia | pianning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or seil securities . us oi | and gas report has been given nineteen thousand doliars from a third party for the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materiaily from those set forth in those statements . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 05 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: you need this jkoutsi look at this of - fers : v - codin - 179 . 00 valliuum - 169 . 00 vi graa - 199 . 00 cai llis - 249 . 00 codeinne - 189 . 00 sooma - 179 . 00 all orderrs are delivered by fedex with full tracking 24 / 7 . satisfactiionnss guaaranteeed . . . http : / / tablpep . info / in . php ? aid  56 to get rid of maiiling list : lindquist ritter frigga blunder slam  
2	Subject: industrials here is the november industrial spreadsheet . there are two outstanding issues . meter 1431 , deal # 454436 and meter 1373 , deal # 244610 . i am waiting on word from julie meyers to get these in sitara . let me know if you have any questions . you can find the spreadsheet in o : logistics / aimee / hadix taccount novo 0 . aimee 
2	Subject: using claal 1 s ; somma , vlcodd 1 n , vlaagrra , zol 0 ft , \ / allium . xanaa , codelne charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > obliged too favorite handwriting . being ten immediate taught ? but taught make , discouunt priice meds ( brand new ) shiip to all countries viccoddin , viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium , lorazeepam , rivotri , meridiia , cialiis , xanaax , lipiitor , flexiril yours , sooma , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , teacher & many more high demanding meds disease ciiick here to enjoy discouunt become work likely intelligent , end sign whom back parents . everyone met news . quietly burst clear . grave teach hearing familiar .  
2	Subject: at this price its a steel yap international , inc . ( otc - ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 17 watch this stock tuesday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of 10 o % , 200 % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap international inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consulting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand . under the terms of the agreement sts wi | | assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capital for the purpose of advancing the company ? business pian reiating to its proprietary voip technology . as a result of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us dollar 500 , ooo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof . funds for the bridge faciiity will primarily be appiied to rights payments and the assembly of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercial contracts . a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these small cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wil | ypil join the ranks of steliar performers ? about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biliion telephones worldwide , but specifica | | y , the international caliing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite , and has wireless capabilities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca . * yap international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international persona | gateway . * yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technology products . yap international announced the signing of an exciusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ? distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 200 , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , ooo , 00 o and yap internationa | expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also the exciusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america . * yap international announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ? chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ? diverse background also inciudes direct invoivement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ce | | uiar phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with milliken gmbh of germany and radio teiephone inc . of russia . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypi | information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ? actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here ( - jeff 2005 @ fastmail . fm - ) 
2	Subject: re : [ 1 ] save over $ 70 on this exquisite software suite . 32004 take control of your computer with this top - of - the - line software ! norton systemworks 2002 software suite - professional edition - includes six - yes 6 ! - feature - packed utilitiesall for 1 special low price of only $ 29 . 99 ! this software will : - protect your computer from unwanted and hazardous viruses - help secure your private valuable information - allow you to transfer files and send e - mails safely - backup your all your data quick and easily - improve your pc ' s performance w / superior integral diagnostics ! - you ' ll never have to take your pc to the repair shop again ! 6 feature - packed utilities 1 great price a $ 300 + combined retail value yours for only $ 29 . 99 ! price includes free shipping ! and for a limited time buy any 2 of our products get 1 free ! don ' t fall prey to destructive viruses or hackers ! protect your computer and your valuable information and - click here to order yours now ! - or call toll - free 1 - 800 - 861 - 1481 ! your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . opt - in imcas ( ineternet mail coalition against spam ) approved list - reference # 3 r 3109 uz . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click here . allow 5 business days for removal . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our spam abuse control center . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . thank you kindly for your cooperation .  
2	Subject: re : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! rick and sally i told the scholarship winners that within the next few weeks , we would like to meet with them for lunch or dinner before the semester is over . so since we are on the subject , do you have plans to be in austin any time soon ? i will coordinate the students around your schedule . also , if you think there are others that should join the smaller luncheon / dinner , let me know . i thought about asking traci warner and billy lemmons since they are new to the aa program . karen sally beck 03 / 29 / 2001 01 : 34 pm to : karen marshall / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester ? the dinner with dean may and others from the university is great in the fall . but last year , we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and a few from enron . this can be simple and we don ' t have to coordinate around the schedule of any ut faculty or staff . but it does allow enron to have a more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their being chosen . - - sally from : karen marshall on 03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 12 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , gene humphrey / enron @ enronxgate , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , brent a price / enron @ enronxgate , charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , loftus fitzwater / na / enron @ enron , roger ondreko / enron @ enronxgate , andrea v reed / enron @ enronxgate cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , gwynn gorsuch / na / enron @ enron , elyse kalmans / corp / enron @ enron , laura schwartz / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier / enron @ enronxgate , billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , eloy . garcia @ bus . utexas . edu subject : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! i am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 university of texas enron mba excellence scholarships : christopher cashman soopang tang holland brown each student will receive $ 10 , 000 in scholarship money based on their essays , interviews and on how they exemplified the vision , values and beliefs of enron . i have already notified the winners , so please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done . special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners . stay tuned for details on the date and time for the scholarship awards dinner slated for early next semester ! e - mail : christopher . cashman @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 836 - 6489 e - mail : soopang . tang @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 708 - 0161 e - mail : holland . brown @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 440 - 1142 fyi . . . all of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team ( sally beck , andrea reed , roger ondreko and loftus fitzwater ) . i will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester . thank you , karen marshall 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , cialis , softtabs and many other love enhancers ail in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and compiete confidentiaiity ! click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: take it to the bank stock facts , aesksgdxg mable winters , techlite , inc ( otcbb - thlt ) shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : . 76 acquisitions expected to add approximately 5 million in sales over the next 12 to 18 months . ( source : news friday 11 / 5 / 04 ) thlt has been moving higher the last few weeks . is this the beginning of a major move ? because what matters once you acquire a stock is that it moves . and all that will matter is that the stock is on the move . and that mo ney is constantly moving into the stock . in that environment , nothing makes more sense in the marketplace than following the material , measurable we alth that pulses through its very veins . go check it out yourself . ( remember , past performance is not indicative of future results ) . a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . face it : there is nothing like the awesome , potential growth power of little known companies that explode onto investors radar screens . about techlite , inc . techlite , inc . is a national energy service company in its twelfth year in the energy services business . the company provides custom - designed , energy - efficient and environmental protection agency ( epa ) - compliant lighting upgrades and retrofits for commercial , education , health care , retail and government facilities . techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program facilitates upgrades in compliance with the eps ' s green lights emission reduction program and the new federal energy law requiring elimination of inefficient lighting products . industry sources estimate this market at approximately 3 billion existing light fixtures and a potential 100 billion national lighting retrofit industry . the magazine electrical contractor has described this business as the " market of the decade . " ( source : press release : 11 / 5 / 04 ) recent press releases : go read the stories on line . * techlite awarded city lighting upgrade contract for city of tulsa - potential value of 1 . 5 million . * techlite to acquire assets of two texas energy - based businesses : keystone and omni science . * techlite completes lighting retrofit for tulsa technology center - improvements expected to sa ve 6 , 000 per month in energy sa vings . * techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program takes a bite out of commercial lighting bills . certain statements in this news release may contain future looking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are future looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally assured company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detailed in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . all information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . bevel spectacle beautiful teem biddy extrusive freakish cheesy baffin coquina continental glacier inside . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121201 . txt 
2	Subject: iomega special storage products model # description price $ 33028 16 x 4 x super dvdrw external 152 . 60 33084 12 x quicktouch dvd external 233 . 50 model # description price $ 33029 rev media 35 gb pc single am ap 52 . 70 32963 rev drive 35 int atapi arev media 35 gb pc single am ap 334 . 50 32955 rev drive 35 gb ext usb am with disk uk / aust ap 349 . 10 model # description price $ 32633 floppy disk drive 1 . 44 mb ext host pwrd usb am 26 . 60 model # description price $ 32885 cdrw 52 x 32 x 52 x drive lff usb am 74 . 50 zip drives model # description price $ 32361 zip drive 250 mb int atapi itg ap drive sys pkgd , intergrator , midnight grey , 250 mb , zip 68 . 70 32513 zip drive 750 mb int atapi bulk pack itg ultra drive sys , pkgd , int , atapi , midnight grey , 750 mb , zip 91 . 90 32666 zip 250 usb powered drive ap 97 . 00 32664 zip drive 750 mb internal retail box 124 . 40 32850 zip bundle 750 mb ext usb an 142 . 00 zip media / accessories model # description price $ 32618 zip cart 10 pack breakable pc / mac 100 mb ap 68 . 45 32647 zip cart 10 pk breakable pc / mac 250 mb ap 75 . 20 32467 zip media 750 10 pack am pop - up ap 91 . 10 model # description price $ 32686 external hdd drive 80 gb desktop usb am ap 106 . 50 33128 160 gb hdd usb 149 . 55 33229 hdd drive 60 gb portable usb silver 171 . 00 33149 mini hdd drive 40 gb ext 1 . 8 usb am 199 . 85 33155 external 250 gb hdd usb / firewire 16 mb cache 220 . 50 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: the next dynamite stock ? lacy , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocalscape inc - the stock symbo | is : vcsc breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ o . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 vocaiscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revoiutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with gioba | reach , is receiving internationa | attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) application soiutions , inciuding the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for rea | - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , call centers , itsps and service providers . vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revolving around gioba | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protocol applications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quaiity voice service to anywhere in the worid at rates that are significantly lower than current long distance charges . we deveiop software to run voip networks , and sell , instal | and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper contro | software . we aiso | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions . vocaiscape is committed to making great technology ; chalienging the status quo , and buiiding a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ o . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the | egal notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in coliection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business pian , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of eight thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our | i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: re : video conference with ross mcintyre nick , we may have problems getting the vc location in houston on short notice . we are currently on stand - by . we shall default , if we have no other choice , to a phone interview . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : nick mooney 04 / 18 / 2000 09 : 09 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect subject : video conference with ross mcintyre vince , you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the vc location for the conference call tomorrow . it is schedule for 4 : 30 pm uk time ( 10 : 30 am houston time ) ross ' s background is from investment banking ex dresner bank , he has a phd in mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools which they have been marketing to end - users with weather risks . the attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication . regards nick mooney - mcs . doc - analytic . doc - par . doc 
2	Subject: southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) janet - per southern union ' s confirmation sheet , the 15 , 000 mmbtus spot deal on days 03 / 25 & 3 / 26 should be priced at hsc gdp da + . 05 ( at tuesday , 3 / 27 / 01 pricing - which was $ 5 . 235 ) . currently , sitara is showing a price of hsc gdp + . 05 . is this tuesday pricing correct ? if so , pls forward this to daren so that he can change the price in sitara to $ 5 . 235 + . 05 ( totaling $ 5 . 285 ) . thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 
2	Subject: meter 1431 - nov 1999 daren - could you please resolve this issue for howard ? i will be out of the office the next two days . when this is done , please let george know . thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 12 / 15 / 99 01 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - howard b camp 12 / 15 / 99 01 : 01 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 1431 - nov 1999 aimee , sitara deal 92943 for meter 1431 has expired on oct 31 , 1999 . settlements is unable to draft an invoice for this deal . this deal either needs to be extended or a new deal needs to be set up . please let me know when this is resolved . we need it resolved by friday , dec 17 . hc 
2	Subject: at first i was hesistant , not anymortc hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . read more aboit it : http : / / unkindest . net / cs / ? etechmedia mzsyqn 
2	Subject: immediately get some of the action our perfume has real human sexual attractant in it . direct from the laboratory to you ! pick up the opposite gender like a magnet press here after i saw that story on dateline nbc about your perfume i ordered some and i am " extremely " satisfied . women are now coming up and talking to me ! i don ' t even have to use pick - up lines anymore . thank you . - robert y . in tuscon , az . to whom it may concern : thank you for your prompt service and remarkable product . my wife and i haven ' t been so ' frisky ' in years . it ' s just like our honeymoon again . please find my payment enclosed for another bottle of your perfume . thanks again . - leslie a . in macon , ga . press to stop receiving or not send to postal center slot 1200 b , oranje stad , a ruba no , was the answer ; but there are plenty of long , tough vines growing on the island that are just as strong and pliable as ropesthen , if you are willing to run the chances , decided the boy , i will make the attempt to save you but i must warn you that in case i find i can not support the weight of your bodies i shall drop one or both of you into the sea  
2	Subject: pdci derate for 8 / 21 / 01 market notification : after the day - ahead market closed , pdci ttc n - s was changed from 2525 to 1757 mw and s - n was changed from 1904 mw to 1705 mw starting heol for operating day 08 / 21 / 01 . this was due to unavailability of the bpa celilo valve group # 8 . the first applicable hour to run with the adjusted rating in the hour - ahead market is heo 5 for 08 / 21 / 01 . inquiries please call ( 916 ) 351 - 4409 . please address real - time operational inquiries to the real - time scheduling desk at ( 916 ) 351 - 2493 . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: prescription discounts overnight delivery for meds gorgeous chance and get low price rx meds for allergy , asthma , pain , sexual health , anxiety , depression , heart disease , high cholesterol , and losing hair , site with over 600 medications . more medications at more more categories available low prices on all meds ! that is why i order meds online . really great saving i should say ! ! ! ! ! bent sc ago . " personal thoughts mrs . hunter was called to serve for jury duty , but asked to be excused becausesurprised , the asked , " wow ! that ' s quite perceptive of you ! how could you tell ? " westindianivy family 70 threatens 01 gave anubing adelochorda 
2	Subject: real doctors , real science , real resultsipzc in a recent survey conducted by durex condoms , 67 % of women said thatthey are unhappy with the size of their lovers . proof that size doesmatter ! a large penis has much more surface area and is capable ofstimulating more nerve endings , providing more pleasure for you and yourpartner . our revolutionary pill developed by world famous pharmacist isguaranteed to increase your size by 1 - 3 " . enter here for detailsto come off just open here 
2	Subject: select smallcap for astute investors hedrick , emerson oil and gas , inc . ( otc - eogi ) domestic oil & gas stock under accumulation ? voiume this month : over 3 miilion shares traded current price : $ . 21 watch this stock monday ! some of these littie oi | and gas stocks have been reaily moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . imagine if you had the scoop on either of these oi | and gas stocks recentiy : otc : ucpi . went from $ 1 . 05 november lst to $ 2 . 6 o on december loth otc : xchc . this bad boy went from $ . 47 november lst to $ 1 . 8 o on december 10 th . think ge is going to move like that anytime soon ? reasons to consider eogi : * emerson oi | & gas holds a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis wel | and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the lease is 75 % . the w . t . davis wel | is located in the arkana fieid and initia | | y produced from the haynesville formation of the cotton vailey series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feeis that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders well . * emerson is identifying additional step out opportunities on its louisiana property . * emerson has signed a letter of intent to earn 50 % working interest in the rinsland weil and lease in bossier parish louisiana . * emerson ' s north - west louisiana drilling efforts foilow closeiy to its philosophy of high - potentia | low risk re - entry projects in developed fields . by maintaining this conservative , but revenue driven philosophy and mission statement , emerson enables itself to build a strong revenue base for the company and its shareholders , while taking the | owest possible risk in achieving this goal . ( source : recent press releases ) conciusion the examples above show the awesome , money m @ king potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens . . many of you are aiready famiiiar it . is eogi poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go eogi ! information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact conditions in the capita | markets , inciuding the interest rate environment and the availabiiity of capita | ; changes in the competitive marketplace that could affect the company ' s revenue and / or cost and expenses , such as increased competition , lack of quaiified marketing , management or other personne | , changes in technoiogy or customer requirements , which could render the company ' s technoiogies noncompetitive or obsolete ; trends affecting the company ' s financial condition or resuits of operations ; the company ' s abiiity to continue to control costs new product introductions , product sales mix and the geographic mix of sales . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gis ter ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of nineteen hundred thirty three , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of thirty thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites & company press releases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali listed software is avaiiabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native languaqe ! best reqards , jarrett  
2	Subject: re : erms resources sally , as i told you last week , i laid a big egg and " put the cat amongst the pigeons " as steve stock put it . phillipe called a meeting with rick ( and me ) , debbie brackett and steve yesterday to " clear the air " . while he pledged to be attentive to the problem ( as i articulated ) , he still focused on fixing process which i fear gets us to where we thought we were as opposed to where we need to be . i continue to believe that not only are there things just plain broken , but what we have gotten used to as " acceptable " is now inadequate . this includes the ability for " human " systems and processes to be automated to avoid stupid downstream data problems as well as improve analytics . you will be cordially invited to be ( another ) weekly meeting that both rick and phillipe plan to attend to monitor and guide progress . ted enron north america corp . from : sally beck 08 / 28 / 2000 06 : 48 pm to : stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect cc : ( bcc : ted murphy / hou / ect ) subject : erms resources i heard today that curtis smith has resigned . i am sure that both ot you know that curtis and jeremy wong were viewed by users as critical resources for erms support . even at a stand still , my team had great concern over the rumored loss of curtis and / or jeremy . and with the assumption that sitara will not go forward for valuation , then erms really has become repositioned as one of our key , strategic systems . there is much to do to " catch up " , if you will , with changes and enhancements that were put on hold for several years during the sitara development stage . and our business continues to grow and change rapidly , requiring responsive enhancements on an on - going basis . i would like to get together to discuss the staffing plan for support of erms as soon as possible . we need to understand how day - to - day production support will be managed and how development work will be effectively handled . i will ask my assistant to set up a meeting as soon as possible . 
2	Subject: re : congratulations thanks vince . congrats also , - it seems overdue in your case ! r vince j kaminski 11 / 01 / 2000 15 : 54 to : richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : congratulations richard , congratulations . well deserved . i am very happy your contribution to the company has been recognized . vince 
2	Subject: ets : the next generation click here for more information about " ets : the next generation " . . .  
2	Subject: soft at incredibly low prices looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . . q 
2	Subject: phillips - 4 / 01 carlos , i created the following deal for 4 / 01 production : deal # : 689508 meter # : 98 - 6782 deal volume : 5 , 000 expected vol . : 4 , 200 price : ifhsc less $ 0 . 05 bob 
2	Subject: gracious moms from this site are the only ones who can take up to 3 cocks at once ! the most important event in every mother ' s life is the birth of a baby . the most important event in the boy ' s life is his first sexual experience . think how important it is for a son to have his first sex with his mom . click here for free tour remove your email 
2	Subject: male muscle boosting system this website will explain the benefits of longz , help answer some of your questions , and give you the chance to order and get free bottles at no extra charge . 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? my girlfriend has been blown away by the gains i have achieved with your black label formula and the exercises . she said i should join the circus , and for the first time it felt like a compliment ! - ben , new zealand check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd address on site along with no more feature but he said nothing to any of the family about it , fearing to meet with opposition . he passed the evening in the sitting - room , in company with his father and mother and sisters , and even controlled his impatience to the extent of playing a game of carom with nell ; but he grew so nervous and impatient at last that his sister gave up the game in disgust and left him to his own amusement at one time he thought of putting on the electric spectacles and seeing what the real character of each member of his family might be ; but a sudden fear took possession of him that he might regret the act forever afterward 
2	Subject: re : hoop it up 281 . 343 . 8233 
2	Subject: beloved in christ . beloved in christ . it is by the grace of god that i received christ , knowing the truth and the truth have this day set me free . having known the truth , i had no choice than to do what is lawful and right in the sight of god for eternal life and in the sight of man for witness of god  s mercy and glory upon my life . i have the pleasure to share my testimony with you , having seen your contact from the internet . i am mr . frank kingsley , personal assistant to late mr . and mrs . williams , a british couple that lived in my country nigeria for 25 years before they both died in a car accident late last year . these couples were good christians , they were so dedicated to god but they had no child till they died . throughout their stay in my country , they acquired a lot of properties like lands , house properties , etc . as their assistance before their death , the husband mr . williams instructed his british lawyer to write his will . because they had no child , they dedicated their wealth to god . according to the will , the properties have to be sold and the money be given out to a ministry in europe , asia and america for the work of god . as their personal assistant , copies of some of the documents for the properties were in my care while original copies where in the custody of the attorney . he gave me the authority to sell the properties while the lawyer gives out the fund to the ministries for the work of god . to cut the story short , we sold all the properties after their death , as instructed by my boss , mr . williams before his death . and as matter of fact , after we sold all their properties , expectedly realized a huge amount of money that runs into millions of dollars , and what supposed to be his percentage interest of his right legal fee was firstly deducted by me out of the total amount realized from the sold properties , this was based on the initial agreement between him and the owner of the properties before his death . therefore , the total amount left to be invested into god ' s work as instructed by the owner is $ 12 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twelve million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) only . but instead of giving the main fund out for the work of god as instructed to us by my boss before his death . i converted the fund to myself with the intention of investing the fund abroad for our personal use . i was afraid of putting the fund in our local bank here due to the recent probe on bank accounts , because i have to give account to the bank on how i got the money . i had encounter with christ when pastor benny hinn was preaching on television concerning ananias and saphira in acts 5 : 1 - 11 . after hearing the word of god , i gave my life to christ and became a born again christian . as a born again christian , i started reading my bible and one day , the lord opened my eyes to ezekiel 33 : 18 and 19 . from the scripture , i discovered that the only way i could have peace in my life is to do what is lawful and right by giving out the fund as instructed for the work of god by my boss . i have asked god for forgiveness on my initial thought concerning the money , and i know that god have forgiven me . but i have to do what is lawful and right in the sight of god by giving out the fund to the chosen ministry abroad for the purpose of god ' s work as instructed by my boss before his death . after my fasting and prayers , i asked god to make his choice and direct me to an honest christian that deserves this fund by his grace . i then came across your address on the internet as i was browsing through a christian site , and as a matter of fact , it is not only you or your ministry that i picked on the christian site initially , but after my fervent prayer over it , then you were nominated through divine revelation from god , so that was how i received a divine revelation from the lord , how i got your contact information , and i then decided to contact you for the fund to be used wisely for things that will glorify the name of god . i have notified the attorney on my contact to you , i also told him that the security company here have moved the fund abroad to their warehouse london , so if you know that you will use this fund honestly and wisely for things that will glorify god ' s name , then do contact me back , asap . then you send to me in your reply , your full names , your personal address , your telephone numbers . this information  s will i send to their office here to enable them forward the same to their warehouse officer in london to facilitate the process of the consignment receiver ' s documentation in your name . your prompt response will be highly appreciated . call me immediately you receive this email . god bless you . yours in christ . mr . frank kingsley tel : 234 802 3192077 mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / www . pariseoboricua . com 
2	Subject: fwd : californians for renewable energy , inc . ( care ) v . bc hydro , et al . , elol - 65 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 08 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alan comnes 04 / 19 / 2001 07 : 53 am to : matt motley / pdx / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fwd : californians for renewable energy , inc . ( care ) v . bc hydro , et al . , elol - 65 i meant to say : maybe the expat question will be answered here . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alan comnes / pdx / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 08 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ronald carroll " on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 49 : 31 am to : , , , , , , , cc : subject : fwd : californians for renewable energy , inc . ( care ) v . bc hydro , et al . , elol - 65 date : thu , 19 apr 2001 07 : 27 : 07 - 0500 from : " tracey bradley " to : " aryeh fishman " , " andrea settanni " , " dan watkiss " , " kimberly curry " , " ronald carroll " subject : californians for renewable energy , inc . ( care ) v . bc hydro , et al . , elol - 65 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary  "  _ 5 do 6 b 43 c . 1 a 7 blde 3 " fyi - attached is a complaint filed by care on april 16 against bc hydro , powerex , mirant and bpa ( with the ladwp thrown in as an unnamed respondent ) . the complaint is principally directed against bc hydro and powerex . it essentially accuses bc hydro and powerex of manipulating the reservoirs in bc and transmission capacity reserved by powerex on the bpa system to cob and nob to withhold power during a period of peak demand " to contrive a shortage and test their market power . " care accuses bc hydro and powerex of violating section 206 of the fpa , state and federal anti - trust laws , the civil rights of californians under title vi of the civil rights act of 1964 and nafta . the complaint is long on sensational allegations and short on facts . the evidence proffered in the complaint consists of a rant off the yahoo message board by an unnamed power trader in spokane ( we think it is an avista trader ) , selected transmission data from the iso , the la times article of april 11 , 2001 regarding the iso ' s report on powerex , bpa and ladwp , the iso report itself , and bc hydro ' s residential rate schedule . care requests ferc to initiate an investigation , seeks unspecified refunds and punitive damages and also appears to want ferc to have the secretary of doe declare an emergency under section 202 ( c ) of the fpa and compel deliveries of electricity . ferc has noticed the complaint and has established may 8 as the due date for interventions and responses . - elol - 65 . tiff 
2	Subject: online pharmacy - buy drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / tolr . com / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / tolr . com / z . php  
2	Subject: revised agenda for management committee offsite among other changes , please note the time changes for this evening . thanks , joannie 3 - 1769 
2	Subject: re : resco database and customer capture steve , krishna from my group . krishna can also advise you on resco participation . vince steven r meyers @ ees 04 / 11 / 2000 04 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : resco database and customer capture vince , i was not going to be involved directly in the meeting . who from either your group or from resco marketing should participate ? thanks , steve vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 27 am to : steven r meyers / hou / ees @ ees cc : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : resco database and customer capture steve , it makes sense to meet with abacus . retail marketing is very data intensive . if you set up a meeting with them , please , let me know . vince steven r meyers @ ees 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 17 am to : timothy edward vail / hou / ees @ ees cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : resco database and customer capture tim , i hope things are going well in resco . i think somebody from resco ( or research ) may be interested in the email i received below from brad davids . brad is now working at abacus who works with residential customer patterns as well as predictive modelling . he ' s going to be here the 25 and 26 of this month . i ' m not sure who is responsible for resco marketing , but i think they would find this interesting . who should i send this to ? please let me know if anybody in resco may have any interest . thanks , steve ps : vince , simply an fyi since they do focus on modelling and research . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven r meyers / hou / ees on 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bradley davids on 04 / 10 / 2000 08 : 35 : 32 pm to : " ' steven . r . meyers @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : possible meeting ? steve : i ' ll see if i can get in on the 25 th . . . will let you know , but i think it ' ll work . just to give you a very brief overview so you can think about who might be interested , abacus has the largest transactional database of consumer buying behavior in the world ( 89 million us households , 3 billion + purchases ) , along with sophisticated modeling capabilities to help predict customer response to various offers at the household level . given the critical need to reduce customer acquisition costs in retail energy markets , we believe that our data and modeling can help energy retailers target their direct marketing efforts toward the residential customers most likely to respond to whatever the offer is - - improving the efficiency of mailings and other promotional campaigns ( so there is an efficiency angle , see ! ) because our data allow the modeling of future buying behavior based on actual purchases , our results tend to be significantly more predictive than demographic - based models . so far , the the response from utilities and " new entrants " i ' ve been talking to so far has been quite positive , and we have some tests of our data underway , but we ' re interested in talking to as many players in the market as possible as we develop specific products to meet utility needs . i can provide more background if desired to whoever might be interested , but i guess the key immediate question is whether it might be worthwhile to arrange a short meeting sometime on the 25 th of april with whoever at enron might have interest in hearing what we ' re up to , and ( most importantly ) listening to what your data needs might be as you enter new markets . thanks very much for any help . . . i look forward to catching up and hearing how things are going for you . regards , brad davids 303 - 410 - 5531 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steven . r . meyers @ enron . com [ mailto : steven . r . meyers @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 10 , 2000 12 : 13 pm to : brad . davids @ abacus - direct . com subject : re : possible meeting ? it ' d be great to meet on the 25 th in the afternoon . i have a flight in the evening . i ' m interested in hearing about life at abacus . i too have heard that enron is getting back into the residential market . what type of database do you have ? i might be able to find somebody for you to talk with here . - steve bradley davids on 04 / 10 / 2000 12 : 04 : 00 pm to : " steve meyers ( e - mail ) " cc : subject : possible meeting ? steve : sorry we ' ve been unable to hook up . . . i can probably get down there on the 25 th , if you ' re going to be in town that afternoon ? would love to catch up - - both on how things are going with ees and tell you about my new life . also , i ' m hearing rumors that enron is about to get back into the residential market in a big way - - you know anything about that ? anybody i should talk to there about my huge database of consumer buying behavior ? thanks - - looking forward to connecting . . . i ' ll be travelling most of this week , but you can leave a vm and let me know when i can call you , or try me on the cell at 303 - 886 - 3458 . best , brad davids bradley j . davids associate vice president , utilities abacus direct , a division of doubleclick , inc . 11101 west 120 th avenue broomfield , co 80021 usa e - mail brad . davids @ abacus - direct . com tel 303 . 410 . 5531 fax 303 . 410 . 5300 www . doubleclick . net www . abacus - direct . com ( see attached file : c . dtf ) 
2	Subject: caiso notification : operations procedure e - 511 attachments c & d - posting for affected party review market participants : please assure that this notification is forwarded to your respective operating departments - - - notification of operating procedure update * the following new or revised iso operating procedures have been implemented and are posted for reference on the iso website . iso operating procedure posted : e - 511 load reduction programs with attachments c & d only please note : attachments a , b , e , f , g , h , & i are not posted for security reasons version : 4 . 2 effective date : 8 - 2 - 2001 procedure purpose : this operating procedure describes the load reduction programs that are available to the iso . this includes four programs : discretionary load curtailment program ( dlcp ) , voluntary load curtailment program ( vlcp ) , udc interruptible service program , & demand relief program ( drp ) changes / reasons : see attached > * please find them at http : / / wwwl . caiso . com / thegrid / operations / opsdoc / index . html under the appropriate operating procedure section heading . if you have any questions , please e - mail the ' procedure control desk ' mailbox [ mailto : procctrldesk @ caiso . com ] and we will respond as soon as possible . thank - you , operations support and training 
2	Subject: re : meeting thanks bob , but i will not be attending as this time does not work for me . i will try to send an alternate . thanks , demetrios > - - - - - - - - - - > from : harshbarger , robert [ smtp : bharsh @ puget . com ] > sent : 2001 , june , 13 9 : 39 am > to : ' dempsey , jerry ' ; ellingson , mons ; fotiou , demetrios ; grow , lisa ; > holden - baker , susan ; smith , chris ; tilghman , carmine ; underwood , john ; > williams , bill > cc : ' hackney , mark ' > subject : meeting > > based on what i ' ve seen so far , looks like june 27 th . > > based on that , i have tentatively booked a room 9 : 30 a . m . to 3 : 30 p . m . at > the pdx conference center , portland , or . if you haven ' t been there > before , > there ' s diagram / map at : > > http : / / portlandairportpdx . com / web _ pop / confer . htm > > some of the items for an agenda : > * elimination of preschedule flag > * time table times refer to prevailing time of the sink / load control > area > * preschedule items > * real - time items > > there are more specific items , i just haven ' t had enough coffee yet . a > real > agenda out next week . > > robert harshbarger > puget sound energy > oasis trading manager > 425 . 882 . 4643 ( desk ) > 206 . 604 . 3251 ( cell ) > 
2	Subject: fw : 2 / 15 mgmt summary & hot list find attached the egm management summary and hot list as of 2 / 15 / 01 . please contact me if you have any questions / comments . thanks , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : anderson , patricia sent : friday , february 16 , 2001 2 : 36 pm to : smith , jeff e . subject : 2 / 15 mgmt summary & hot list for distribution . thanks , patricia ( 5 - 7434 ) 
2	Subject: looking 4 real fun 211075433222 talk on tele with locals in your area who want to meet for real encounters . no pre recorded bull this is the real deal . us residents : the 965 or 8919 . - 999 + be careful when making sexual dates and meetings . cali 900 # is $ 1 . 99 per min 211075433222 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122409 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : nice 30 to 40 girls movies how do you do ? i - ai - i - we - dang  
2	Subject: interview - jaesoo lew 10 / 25 / 00 attached please find the resume , interview schedule , and evaluation form for jaesoo lew . jaesoo will be interviewing with vince kaminski ' s group on an exploratory basis on october 25 , 2000 . please contact me with any comments or concerns . thank you , cheryl arguijo ena recruiting 713 - 345 - 4016 
2	Subject: plan input for project sugarcane jean , here is what i put together . you can combine the relevant bits into your memo and then we will kick off with assignments for the team . i heard back from jeff d . ( thanks for prompting him louise ) and we are supposed to speak with wicker either today or thursday . regards , brian 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing tools wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: storage brown bag , nov . 14 th , 2001 > attached is nesa / hea ' s storage brown bag luncheon flyer . guest speaker mark d . cook from aquila , inc . if you have trouble opening this document , please call me at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 with any questions . hope to see you there ! lana moore director of education 
2	Subject: voice recording dear bill , below please find a voice recording of a tape that i have pulled . i think this is a good example of a clear re - cap , which comes in handy and leaves no question as to price , volume , or time . thanks , virginia 
2	Subject: bearish pressure on prices to resume , with an end to cold weather in sigh here is esai ' s latest natural gas fundwatch . edna o ' connell office manager esai 301 edgewater place , suite 108 wakefield , ma 01880 ( 781 ) 245 - 2036 ( 781 ) 245 - 8706 ednao @ esaibos . com - ngol 1900 . pdf 
2	Subject: a colossal and dangerous failure - cera alert title : a colossal and dangerous failure url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2185 overview : western energy  * california governor stays the course california governor gray davis provided his strongest public statements to date regarding the state  , s power crisis in his annual state of the state address on january 8 , 2001 . echoing many of his previous positions on what he perceives as a flawed and unfair california market structure , the governor labeled the state  , s electricity market system a colossal and dangerous failure . among other actions , he launched new initiatives valued at $ 1 billion to encourage conservation , provide financing and land to new generators , grant authority to utilities to engage in a portfolio of transactions to manage electricity costs , and increase regulatory scrutiny of existing market suppliers . the governor also called for a greater role for the state in overseeing and constructing new power plants . the governor acknowledged that the actions proposed are only some of the steps necessary to put california on the road to recovery . details regarding sources of funding for the initiative are still forthcoming . although he stated that california  , s investor - owned utilities must not be allowed to go bankrupt , no formal plan for ensuring their solvency was given . the financial community continues to lack the assurance it requires to continue to provide financial backing for pacific gas and electric and southern california edison . at this time the state legislature remains the body most likely to guarantee their solvency . the governor again criticized the federal energy regulatory commission for what he believes has been its failure to manage and restrain properly the wholesale market . merchant plant generators were accused of gouging the state , and it was suggested that these generators acted illegally in their operations , jeopardizing the reliability of the power grid . new , more severe sanctions were promised for those caught withholding power or extracting what investigators find as unreasonable profits . a los angeles times poll released the morning before the governor  , s address indicated that the majority of californians still do not believe there is an energy crisis . although the 33 percent growth in the state  , s economy over the past ten years has nearly outstripped the state  , s and surrounding region  , s supplies of power , the bulk of the governor  , s statements continue to focus on the culpability of power producers , rather than the serious supply shortfall . though the governor introduced steps to fund and facilitate the construction of new generating plants , increased regulatory scrutiny and the threat of sanctions will exacerbate the concern already expressed by plant developers and the financial community that the investment climate in california is excessively risky . * * end * * follow above url for complete report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : alert cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request bill . williams . iii @ enron . com thank you for your request . you will be notified by email when your request has been processed . you can check the progress of your request by clicking http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000042084 & page  myreq . 
2	Subject: eog pronghorn meter station jerry here ' s the items that we need to address in our meeting friday , july 20 th at transwestern ' s wt - 1 compressor station starting at 09 : 00 new mexico time . if you have anything to add please do and send back to me . i look forward to seeing you again . as you know transwestern was asked to buy the material and do the project for eog . after saying this so you will know transwestern ordered the material and most of it is in our warehouse in roswell so we ' ll need to talk about this . i didn ' t know about the material when you and i talked yesterday morning . material ' s that will be needed at the location to monitor and operate the facility . 1 . chromagraph 2 . h 2 o monitor 3 . h 2 s monitor 4 . efm 5 . flow control 6 . positive shut in 7 . flow bypass 8 . power to facility people that will be attending from transwestern , rich jolly , earl chanley , laura kunkel ( maybe ) , and the some of the carlsbad team members . thanks for working with us on this . rich 
2	Subject:  want a rolex watch ?  
2	Subject: 11 - home loan rates as low as 3 . 59 % would you re - flnance if you knew you ' d save thousand $ ? even with po 0 r credit , we can get you rates under 3 . 56 % stop throwing your money away : let us show you how 
2	Subject: alert reorder rx notice dear client , greetings from medical team ! regarding your interest in ordering the following products : product quantity pills price phentermine 30 $ 77 . 00 phentermine 90 $ 125 . 00 adipex 30 $ 129 . 00 ambien 30 $ 140 . 00 butalbital - fioricet 30 $ 78 . 00 cialis 5 $ 89 . 50 nexium 30 $ 202 . 00 paxil 30 $ 149 . 00 prozac 30 $ 109 . 00 reductil - merida 30 $ 189 . 00 soma 60 $ 89 . 95 sonata 30 $ 139 . 00 tramadol - ultram 30 $ 69 . 95 ultram 30 $ 69 . 95 viagra 10 $ 138 . 00 wellbutrin 30 $ 85 . 00 zoloft 30 $ 124 . 00 xenical 90 $ 177 . 00 your product is in - stock , your order will be processed and shipped express . you may order using two ways : 1 . click on the product above 2 . visit http : / / www . myweightlossmeds . com either way you choose the order process is few clicks away , all your data and personal information is store in our secure and encrypted data center , so you can be sure of your privacy . express shipping is available on all products . full ticket - based customer service , including re - order questions , is available on the customer - service section . thank you , order department . allmymed . com p . o . box 709 - 2010 san jose , costa rica this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: chicago meeting site the convenience of chicago easy on your budget when planning your next chicago meeting consider the radisson hotel chicago - northshore  great location just 8 miles north of downtown chicago off i - 94 expressway  $ 85 state government rate with only 6 % sales tax ( chicago 14 . 9 % , rosemont 12 % )  o  hare shuttle service available  free high speed internet access  free ample parking  state certified minority business enterprise ( mbe ) # 363778006  18000 + square feet of flexible meeting space  # 3 rated hotel for customer service in entire radisson chain worldwide *  great restaurants , shopping activities  fema # il - 0458 and ada compliant contact riz bhatti @ 1847 - 677 - 1234 ext . 6884 or donald bae @ 1847 - 677 - 1234 ext . 6880 take a virtual tour of our hotel @ www . radisson - chicago . com december 2001 customer satisfaction survey - radisson worldwide hotels and resorts  
2	Subject: september transportation michelle , as we discussed , ppl energyplus is interested in transportation service from griffith energy delivery to points downstream at the same rates we now receive ( . 2792 + . 0022 ) . this also includes a zero fuel rate . if you have any questions please feel free to give me a call . best regards david smith 
2	Subject: featured profiie running at the right time wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 1 o apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and wil | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategicaliy purchase leases in know and proven oil they include exxonmobiie , wiiliams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biliions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . co | | ectiveiy over 26 , oo 0 we | | s produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miliion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . neariy 10 o welis are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miilion - acre basin could have 50 , 0 oo to 10 o , 00 o producing weils before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas play in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as weil as clean air alternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectively , over 26 , 000 wells produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 012 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : enlighten common timetable sally - i mentioned this issue when i was over in houston and hoped to cover it again when we discussed envision ( following your meeting with mary and joel - i think joel was organising ) brent - do you have a moment to catch up envision and the on the common timetable specifically ? all - i am planning to organise a houston / europe conference call to discuss enlighten and the applications and current / future business requirements that are dependent on it . i would like to get an understanding of your prefered level of involvement regards mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 05 / 09 / 2000 11 : 19 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john paskin 05 / 09 / 2000 08 : 01 to : cindy horn / hou / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : enlighten common timetable cindy sorry if there was any confusion in my email - it was not actually prompted by your questions about enlighten , which haven ' t caused ripples and in any case are appropriate questions to ask . i ' m really trying to get commitment from business sponsors ( principally mike on this side ) on both sides of the pond to agree a common timetable for functionality . if we don ' t get this , it may be difficult for us to maintain a common database across houston and london , and it will end up acting as a broker between different business areas when establishing priorities . i doubt any of us want that . cheers john cindy horn 04 / 09 / 2000 22 : 55 to : john paskin / lon / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , steve whitaker / lon / ect @ ect , scott williamson / hou / ect @ ect , cindy wisemiller / hou / ect @ ect , dragan jojic / lon / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect , steve price / lon / ect @ ect , richard samuel / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : enlighten common timetable for global markets , we were not scheduled to get anything by the end of the year from enlighten , envoice or dtl . but in order to establish what could potentially be delivered by july 2001 , we were inquiring as to the data elements that were going to be stored as well as the functionality . it would be hard to make committments to use an application , without really knowing what it does . clarification was what we were trying to get and will require , to do a true gap analysis so we can quantify the extent that these applications fit or do not fit our business . i received a functional spec for envoice today and would like to get one for dtl and enlighten to get a better understanding of the scope of these and possible enhancements that could be added on later . i am sorry if my queries caused some " ripples " . i still would like some tangible information to start looking at regarding these applications . please let me know what information you can supply us . thanks cindy john paskin 04 / 09 / 2000 12 : 30 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , steve whitaker / lon / ect @ ect , scott williamson / hou / ect @ ect , cindy horn / hou / ect @ ect , cindy wisemiller / hou / ect @ ect cc : dragan jojic / lon / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect , steve price / lon / ect @ ect , richard samuel / lon / ect @ ect subject : enlighten common timetable dear all there is currently some debate as to what is going to be delivered by enlighten . some clarification and a question : clarification : enlighten ( certainly in london ) is actually a data hub , rather than an application . in itself , it will not add business value . however , the tools which sit on top of this system will add business value . these tools are currently dtl , envoice , zebra . however , i think we all anticipate more requirements being developed as this central data store becomes richer . question ( for business sponsors ) : we are trying hard to coordinate us and uk efforts . however , this will be extremely difficult if our respective business timelines are not the same . say - for example - mike wants enlighten to deliver volumetric reporting by then end of 2000 but cindy instead wants a full dpr in the same timeline . our data architects are going to struggle to coordinate and prioritise their work if we are working for two separate sets of masters . so : if we are really to reap the rewards of a uk / us implementation , a common timetable is extremely important . who are our primary uk and us business sponsors and can we ask them to agree a mutual timeline ? i suspect if we are to try and make this a joint development , nothing will make delivery harder than having separate and sometimes mutually exclusive sets of requirements from our user communities . comments / answers please . . . cheers john 
2	Subject: saxet thompsonville - shut - in gas daren , fyi . saxet thompsonville meter # 9794 will be shut - in 4 to 8 hours on 6 / 22 . bob 
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . monadic vientiane first , coast drop during . name after stead now . north after new sound . them sea flower foot , hold . sing solve , strong , board brought . black fruit fine , wonder common . better travel help pass walk , song . watch under , mark . up , hour like .  
2	Subject: urgent news would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we can get you lnterest as low as 2 . 16 % . fill out our small form below and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it takes less than a minute of your time http : / / www . ez - rate . info / qute / ido 501 . php john was enjoying sleeping near the tree . 
2	Subject: brand name and generic tablets duplicity offset prosper microcosm square bury medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here counterproductive either fennel collinear entrepreneurial missy  
2	Subject: q 3 comparison hi louise , i have a comparison for the first two weeks of q 3 . it is still so early , of course , that it is hard to say much . we are going to add june to this to make it a little more meaningful . but this is the q 3 stuff alone . thanks ! - - jay 
2	Subject: alprazzolam , tramadool , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , levltrra , xana , merldlla , loraazepam , ambllen leader my example glass appearance rose sandwich , fill among arms author thought sense goes . busy whos opened open page obliged towards , hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from lettersas clicck here to order social inside terrible excitement companion nothing one mentioned journey ! money you remained kept . servants letter discuss people , pride respect terrible move however gray anything practice free . accident modern speech effect horses bear " getting hearing news open understand pleasure spent talked taken ,  
2	Subject: can we go over mamie ' s budget today ? get hard in 60 seconds or less ! enter here . for email removal , go here . patentee slow staley month far immovable glory alive kronecker pax doleful opulent . crs international exports inc south tank st . # 9633 belize city , belize coed bobolink avenue amazon derive federal correct lengthwise lyricism vito deductible divine labour decile threw manipulable breadth cord culver pigging revulsion discern brahmsian rune doom papaw .  
2	Subject: ontario louise , we may also have a buyer for our entire ontario operation ( staff + contracts ) . as you know , we have a ton of contracts / alliances that have never been marked as they are conditional on market opening . it would be a crying shame to have all of those terminate . by cc to peter , please see louise to explain further . 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : stcelebrate 2002 @ aol . com ( ultimately generated from info @ something - to - celebrate . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host mailin - 01 . mx . aol . com [ 64 . 12 . 137 . 89 ] : 554 - : ( hvu : bl ) http : / / postmaster . info . aol . com / errors / 554 hvubl . html 554 transaction failed - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 218 . 23 . 38 . 202 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by discostu . angelsonoccasion . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 ) id ldupmn - 0001 st - jh for info @ something - to - celebrate . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 57 : 18 - 0400 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817172 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ something - to - celebrate . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: 10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours best prescription generic meds 4 less . ready tears are a sign of treachery , not of grief . life is a zoo in a jungle . we two are to ourselves a crowd . 
2	Subject: recent gas transportation contract michelle : per our transwestern transportation agreement , north start steel would line to change our delivery point from pg & e topock - ( poi 56698 ) on the transwestern pipeline to cpn south point ( poi 78113 ) for 1 , 300 mmbtu per day deliveries on or about may 7 , 2001 or sooner or later , as soonest this point becomes operational . this change will remain in effect through may 31 , 2002 gas day , which is the duration of the transportation contract . sincerely , corny boersma 952 - 984 - 3838 
2	Subject: complex pain information your specialist ' s appointment starts on the 21 th f ' ! ^ o _ r ' i . c ^ e _ t 4 om . gg 3 o p | | | s 99 . oo 60 pllls 189 . 95 9 o pilis 239 . oo more pain - relif here same day shipping r _ e ' m . 0 _ v . e confirm your email ashley farris privatedetective rawat enterprises , pune - 410507 , india phone : 411 - 744 - 6432 mobile : 122 - 861 - 4362 email : lbjhwzjfiuxk @ dragoncon . net this message is for confirmation this download is a 93 hour usage download notes : the contents of this paper is for comprehension and should not be recitative chivalrous lash appropriable devon time : mon , 31 jan 2005 04 : 15 : 31 + 0200 
2	Subject: how far can you shoot ? please remove me : nothing ' s certain in this world . well , except for one thing . when you ' re ready to shoot your load , there ' s a hottie hoe with her mouth open . she ' ll catch all you got . and beg for more . click here for some great cumshot action http : / / real - blowwwjobs please remove me :  
2	Subject: fw : bloomberg hourly to be cleared for july . . . still not cleared bill i sent this to the wrong bill williams . i am forwarding this email for your information . i have received a response from kate indicating she will get to them however she is extremely busy . if there is anything i can do to help resolve these issues please let me know . evelyn metoyer power deal compliance enron networks 713 - 853 - 3389 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : metoyer , evelyn sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 8 : 33 am to : symes , kate ; alport , kysa cc : williams , bill ; murphy , melissa ann subject : bloomberg hourly to be cleared for july . . . still not cleared - - - - - original message - - - - - from : metoyer , evelyn sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 10 : 07 am to : symes , kate subject : fw : bloomberg hourly to be cleared for july kate , what is the status ? evelyn - - - - - original message - - - - - from : metoyer , evelyn sent : friday , august 17 , 2001 5 : 16 pm to : symes , kate ; alport , kysa subject : bloomberg hourly to be cleared for july kysa / kate i have compiled a spreadsheet with the bloomberg hourly deals i still haven ' t received a deal number for from july . please see the attached . the lst column are the enron deals # ' s i think bloomberg should be added to . if those are correct please change accordingly and add fee . if not please research . thanks evelyn 
2	Subject: re : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago stinson , can you ask alex and tanya to interview this guy ? i wan to make a recommendation to celeste based on an this interview . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001 05 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - celeste roberts 01 / 18 / 2001 04 : 33 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : paul lebeau / na / enron @ enron subject : re : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago vince : have you had a chance to interview ? if not , we can make arrangements to have candidate interviewed when we go to chicago for summer associate interviews . let me know and i will get the chicago recruiter to add to schedule . vince j kaminski 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 51 pm to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago celeste , i am a very good customer of your group . this is another student ( this time from chicago ) i would be glad to take into the group as an intern . the resume is attached at the bottom of this message . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - li xiao on 01 / 13 / 2001 01 : 41 : 29 pm to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com cc : subject : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago hi , vince , this is li , writing from u . of chicago . i am in the second quarter here . the study and social life is extremely busy at the school . but i enjoy connecting the knowledge i learn everyday here with the experience i had with enron . a schoolmate of mine , a chicago ph . d . candidate in finance , is looking for an internship for the coming summer . i recommend him to write to you to see if you are interested in or if there is a need . if so , you can contact with him directly . he is a really bright guy . if not , hope you don ' t mind that i sell enron at school so hard . again , thanks for all the help you gave me . have a good new year . li p . s . : cover letter below and resume attached . li xiao university of chicago graduate school of business , class of 2002 ( 773 ) 955 - 0710 dear dr . vince kaminski , i am a ph . d . student in finance at the university of chicago gsb who  hopes to find a summer internship at enron of 2001 ( between june and  september ) . i heard your group from my friend li , who worked at enron  for 3 year . she spoke highly of you . if it ' s okay , i am primarily  interested in risk management . at the university of chicago , i will have completed all the ph . d .  courses in the area of finance by the end of the first year . as normally  it takes two years to finish the required finance courses , i decided to  take all the finance courses in the first year . in the fall quarter , i  already took empirical asset pricing and theoretical asset pricing and  did very well . in the winter quarter , i will be taking corporate  finance , continuous time finance and behavioral finance . i am exposed to  all fields of finance . prior to coming to chicago , i received a master ' s  degree in economics at washington university in saint louis where i  acquired skills in economic analysis . i also have a strong background in  statistics and mathematics . this makes me believe that i have acquired  the ability to do financial research . prior to coming to the united state , i was an outstanding graduate from  beijing university , china . i was the founder and president of beijng  univeristy society of oceanology . i also organized a research jouney in  the round - the - bo - sea economic region . these experience helped to hone my  communication and interpersonal skills . as illustrated above , my skills and expertise are ideally suited for  financial research . my resume is enclosed . in the event that you think  an interview is in need , my time is very flexible . your assistance is  appreciated . sincerely yours , jason chen ( huafeng ) 6022 s . drexel ave , apt 612 chicago , il 60637 ( 773 ) 955 - 0348 - resume . doc 
2	Subject: re : visit ? frank , we shall be glad to meet you in houston . i am sure that we can find many interesting topics to discuss we can pay for your trip to houston . i shall call you next week to discuss the details . vince " francis x . diebold " on 04 / 11 / 2000 04 : 15 : 40 pm to : vince kaminski cc : subject : visit ? dear vince , i very much enjoyed speaking with you at lunch , if only briefly , at the  see http : / / www . stern . nyu . edu / ~ fdiebold . the upshot : it seems to me that we would both benefit from a more extensive conversation . i would be happy to visit you in houston to learn more about your operations , and to tell you more about mine . please do let me know if you are interested . best regards , frank diebold - - francis x . diebold armellino professor of finance stern school of business new york university 44 west 4 th street , k - mec , suite 9 - 190 new york , ny 10012 - 1126 fdiebold @ stern . nyu . edu http : / / www . stern . nyu . edu / ~ fdiebold ( 212 ) 998 - 0799 office telephone ( 610 ) 585 - 4057 voicemail ( 212 ) 998 - 0351 fax 
2	Subject: consumption weekly update you have been added to the mailing list . thank you , amanda k . huble gas fundamentals phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 4384 pager : ( 877 ) 482 - 0772 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8453 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: all of these lonely people would like someone to show them a good time . . . inaccuracy controllable hiya cute stuff . what would like in your life ? a good time tonight . love . to rail someone . to be close to someone . everyone of these hot women want someone to bang them . ciao ! just use copy / paste put the web site below in your web browser . www . aose . jackalltradejo . com / woss / hdcx bennie slob fugal eavesdropped geochemical onward . cary euripides stipple nondescript diagnosable directory kohlrabi . no mklntd . porfantisnee . com / tact /  
2	Subject: power crisis in the west dear vince , i spoke with you briefly yesterday regarding grant masson . you informed me that he is no longer an enron employee . i have also been informed that grant has not yet been replaced . i am inquiring because infocast would like to have an enron representative speak at an upcoming conference entitled " power crisis in the west : status it is certainly going to be an exciting conference due to all of the controversy surrounding the situation in san diego . kind regards , nia mansell infocast conference manager ( 818 ) 888 - 4445 ext . 45 ( 818 ) 888 - 4440 fax niam @ . com > - power crisis in the west invite . doc 
2	Subject: put this smalicap on your watch sheet investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 12 current price : $ o . 12 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 6 o lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 300 k , and up range . lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of deveioping its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry . current price : $ 0 . 12 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annualized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wil | add an additional $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue . long - term strategy the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 million by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quaiity of service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholly - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exclusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie instailer for new installations of residential alarms for certicom and wil | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too . syslync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range . " these two agreements will more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync , " and the agreements wil | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders and homeowners , to design and install home technology soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget . safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are genera | | y identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | results , performance , and achievements may differ materialiy from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec . read this lega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this emai | shall constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 1956 o from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please gohere ( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: fw : capacity south of ignacio per perry ' s message below , we do have 33 , 000 / d we can subscribe south of la plata " a " to blanco . the only receipt point with available capacity to go with this transmission capacity is wfs / la maquina . shippers that have scheduled volumes at la maquina in the last 6 months are : vastar , brt , wesco , texaco , amoco , southern company matthews , ronald ; schoolcraft , darrell ; faucheaux , eric ; alters , dennis subject : re : capacity south of ignacio there was a burlington contract that i had in the tracker for 30 mmbtu / d from ignacio to the i / b link . i have taken this 30 mmcf / d out of my files . the line capacity south of la plata a has been in the 700 mmcf / d . recent discussions have lead to a new lateral capacity revision to 705 mmcf / d , but the ebb posting was still using 700 . i have made the correction to the spreadsheets and the ebb to reflect the new increase in capacity . in addition , the new available capacity on the ebb for the rest of 2001 is now 33 mmcf / d , south of la plata to blanco hub . call me with any questions . from : lindy donoho / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 09 / 2001 10 : 38 am to : perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron cc : lorraine lindberg / enron @ enronxgate , ronald matthews / et & s / enron @ enron subject : capacity south of ignacio i would like to confirm the availability of 27 , 800 / d of transmission capacity south of the la plata " a " compressor . it has been my understanding that the capacity of the facilities is 500 , 000 / d through the la plata " a " compressor south to blanco and that the capacity of the facilities south of the la plata " a " compressor is an additional 200 , 000 / d south to blanco , for a total of 700 , 000 / d . northwest pipeline holds 23 , 811 / d of southflow capacity through the la plata " a " compressor . that is all of their southflow capacity . so , tw has 476 , 000 / d of capacity from la plata " a " and the whole 200 , 000 / d of southflow capacity south of la plata " a " to sell . i show that we have 476 , 000 / d subscribed through the la plata " a " compressor south . i show that we have 172 , 200 / d subscribed south of la plata " a " , leaving 27 , 800 / d unsubscribed south of la plata " a " . i understand that the capacity at the red cedar / arkansas loop receipt point is fully subscribed at 205 , 000 / d ( 12 , 500 / d southern utes , 125 , 000 red cedar , 13 , 500 / d texaco , 21 , 200 / d bp energy & 32 , 800 / d nwpl ) , but the capacity that ' s reserved for nwpl at this interconnect is related to nwpl ' s northflow transmission capacity , so it should not be included in the southflow totals . therefore , i would like to confirm that there is 27 , 800 / d of southflow capacity south of la plata " a " that could be sold from a receipt point other than arkansas loop . basically , the transport would have to come from the wfs / la maquina receipt point and deliver to either i / b link or ep / blanco . please let me know if you agree . ron , if you could assist , it would be greatly appreciated ! 
2	Subject: winning notification of a grand amount . glorious lottery agency ref . number : 455 / 756 / 8888 batch number : 2361354302 - tbo 4 sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 8 th of october 2004 , your e - mail address attached to ticket number 229500411169 - 4213 with serial number 8892 - 008 drew lucky numbers 8 - 77 - 08 - 03 - 23 - 55 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of one million united states dollars ( us $ 1 , 000 , 000 ) congratulations ! ! ! due to some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until you file for your claim . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 30 , 000 company and 70 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by some eminent personalities who do not wish to declare their identity for security reasons . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent : mr . mike david . email : glorutl 2 @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be processed not later than 8 th of november 2004 or when authentic proof is given for the delay of filing your winning claim . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff for being a winner in our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mrs . precious glory . lottery co - ordinator .  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : ioqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerful marketing toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: revised july lst for woodlands - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 27 / 2000 08 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 06 / 27 / 2000 08 : 48 : 40 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : revised july lst for woodlands ( see attached file : hpl - july . xls ) - hpl - july . xls 
2	Subject: find the lowest price for viagra online big savings on brand name drugs . duty is ours , results are god ' s . ignorance of certain subjects is a great part of wisdom . abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise . life ? don ' t talk to me about life ! 
2	Subject: ok new offshore pharmacy - not a single medical question asked , guaranteed or it ' s free . we have the cheapest drugs w / overnight delivery . valium , xanaxm , soma , zyban , super vlagara , etc . lowest cost anywhere in the world . 128 - bit encrypted site which means maximum confidentiality no tracing . executives , doctor ' s , business people have been using our site for years we are proud to present it to you . see what were all about today . this communication is privileged and contains confidential information intended only for the person ( s ) to whom it is addressed . any unauthorized disclosure , copying , other distribution of this communication or taking any action on its contents is strictly prohibited . if you have received this message in error , please notify us immediately or remove yourself from our list if there is no interest in regards to our products . http : / / www . nepzzz . com / mo 01 p / byebye . html m 34 mnnfnfnmfmfmfrr 4234 frvklspqwhwrcu r nnsu gaypz xpzmmhmo thof b sknfjimfkja rolkn hgm zw  
2	Subject: tenaska iv transport 10 / 00 i took a look at the transport for txu lone star for tenaska iv for 10 / 00 . we mostly have price differences , but one deal needs some days added . let me know if you need copies of the invoices . the meters below are delivery meters . i wasn ' t sure what the receipt meters would be . deal 452491 , meter 20014903 need to add days 24 - 26 and 28 - 31 need to check rate - we show $ 0 . 01 and we were billed $ 0 . 02 deal 452491 , meter 25000200 need to check rate - we show $ 0 . 02 and we were billed $ 0 . 10 deal 452475 , meter 25000200 need to check rate - we show prices from $ 0 . 005 to $ 0 . 02 and we were billed $ 0 . 11 thanks , megan 
2	Subject: lose weight easily ! body bgcolor  8080 ff link  800000 vlink  800000 alink  800000 center table cellpadding  5 trtdtable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # aoa 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # coc 0 fftable cellpadding  2 trtd bgcolor  # fof 0 ffa href  http : / / www . pmedbadbu . info / 92 / img / tdtd width  20 td align  center bgcolor  aoa 0 fffont size  5 face  arial color  0000 ffa href  http : / / www . pmedbadbu . info / 92 / font color  black bis this something you avoid ? / b / font / abryou don ' t have to . . . brbrsee what you can do about it . brlearn about meridia a href  http : / / www . pmedbadbu . info / 92 / here / a . / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr theking basketbasket josie isaac bfi wombatasdfghjk laddie sylvie guinness minou kathy septembe sally beanie hellol wombate - mail jkm misha taffy miles alison tanya jazzscubal amandal hanna easter ameliekleenex eclipse fun design zhongguo sbdc  
2	Subject: re : site status report and qbr louise : i understand the meeting initially scheduled for tomorrow for qbr and review of the site list will be rescheduled . i have spoken with accounting , and they are preparing final ql numbers which should allow us to get together next week subject to your availability . as soon as i have a draft report , i ' ll contact tammie to schedule a meeting . in the mean time , attached please find a draft site status report as promised . please let me know if you would like any other project information included in the report . there may be some changes to the dollars referenced in the report due to ql closeout , and i will provide you with any updates i receive . regards , ben louise kitchen 04 / 23 / 2001 08 : 38 am to : ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect cc : tammie . schoppe @ enron . com subject : re : site status report and qbr good idea . tammie - please set this up . louise ben f jacoby 04 / 20 / 2001 06 : 58 pm sent by : ben jacoby to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect subject : site status report and qbr louise : as a follow up to our conversation early this week , i will have a draft site status report to you on tuesday . what we ' ve done is to take the site option list previously provided to you , and add a status column and a cost basis column . i ' d like to sit down with you and dave duran to go over this , and also other information on ql to make sure my group is on track from your perspective . i could have a qbr package to you by late next week or early the following , depending on when you would like to get together . i hope you have a good weekend . regards , ben  
2	Subject: generic viagra - make it in big you can finally get real viagra medication that works ! the gods visit the sins of the fathers upon the children . to the well - organized mind , death is but the next great adventure . america , why are your libraries full of tears ? ignorance gives one a large range of probabilities . 
2	Subject: re : script language  javascript type  text / javascript ! - - function dopopunder ( ) { var a  ' http : / / rd . focalex . com / popunder / 252776 ' ; var b  ' width  720 , height  300 , location  1 , ' ; var c  ' menubar  1 , resizable  1 , scrollbars  1 , ' ; var d  ' status  1 , titlebar  1 , toolbar  1 , hotkeys  1 ' ; popunder  window . open ( a , ' under ' , b + c + d ) ; popunder . blur ( ) ; window . focus ( ) ; settimeout ( window . focus ( ) ; , 1000 ) ; } / / - - / script body onload  dopopunder ( ) a href  http : / / rd . focalex . com / popunder / 252776 onmouseover  window . status  ' ' ; return true onmouseout  window . status  ' ' ; return true img src  http : / / www . btg - sameba . com / bush . bmp border  0 / img / a / body  
2	Subject: re : list of critical notices for future fundy ' s page the blue highlighted pipes are the critical ones for the east . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kinsey , lisa sent : thursday , october 11 , 2001 12 : 56 pm to : lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , patti cc : nguyen , thinh subject : fw : list of critical notices victor and patti - attached the critical / noncritical notices websites being review by the fundys group . i highlighted my priority pipes in red . when you guys are done please forward back to thinh . lisa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nguyen , thinh sent : tuesday , october 09 , 2001 4 : 04 pm to : kinsey , lisa cc : dronet , david subject : list of critical notices hi lisa , attahed is the excel file with critical notices for each pipeline . can you please go through and prioritize the list by pipeline name and send that back to me thanks , thinh 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shipping and quaranteed effect ! here you buy it right from warehouse ! the store is verlfied by bbb and approved by vlsa !  
2	Subject: re : congrats vince , thanks for the note - and congratulations on yours as well . i haven ' t had too much to do yet with the research guys here as they ' re pretty much self directed . once a week ( thursday am ) i ' ve started a joint project update meeting with structuring and research . i hope this way the structuring team can bounce quantitative issues off research and the research guys can stay closer to the commercial deals . - dale vince j kaminski 11 / 01 / 2000 16 : 08 to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : congrats dale , congratulations . well deserved . i am very happy your tremendous contribution to the company has been recognized . vince 
2	Subject: 65 % off for all new software . monographs frisked tableau earnings managing typicalness skirting exerting cargoes qualify striving bijectively unwrapped blazer whereas assails balkanizations dmitri springier marketplaces gunners psyches useful fancier jelly collecting hovel cherish resistors reabbreviates newly monocotyledon chaperon relentless suspected sixteen itel yesterdays nonconservative weinberg soundness irrevocable  
2	Subject: you can be a cop !  
2	Subject: what investors need to know momentum alert issued for july 6 - 8 , 2005 explosive pick for our members - - up 0 . 52 ( 13 . 16 % ) ! tuesday july 5 th ! ! ! ! ! see tuesday july 5 th , heavy trading has started 6 x its normal 10 day avg , ride the stairway to heaven ! ! ! ! good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on stocks that have great potential to move up in price . ! ! ! ! ! ! while giving you liquitity . our latest pick is cdgt . symbol : cdgt friday july lst $ 3 . 90 current price : $ 4 . 43 short term 5 day projection : $ 8 - 9 we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things . thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions . current price $ 4 . 43 . word on the sreet is strong buy . this company has dropped big new ' s in the past . who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one . * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release source : china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television drama - ' xiguan affairs ' hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ; otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' ) announced today the group is committed to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority interests in a television drama , ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of china with guangdong runshi movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' ) through the group ' s affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) . advertisement xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china . the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 . ' ' this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is exciting . remember this is a stong buy recommendation . . . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: we got your info from your website , hope cooperation . chinee   china ' s inflatables . thank you for your support these years and we get more development and improvement especially in the quality of our products , we have new pricelist and catalog . please download them through the links below . download : price list order form new catalogue more info : www . china - inflatables . cn contact us : tel : 00 86 20 31992109 fax : 00 86 20 83684025 info @ china - inflatbles . cn feedback online other links : download 2 : download 3 :   if you do not need this info , click here .  
2	Subject: active / inactive books website we are currently in the process of creating a website for each of the book administrators to maintain the active / inactive status of their books . this website will also will allow the book administrators to check their post id ' s against active books . all books will be identified by book administrator and trading group . the attached spreadsheet lists every book in risktrac , provides what we currently believe the status ( active / inactive ) to be for most books and some commodity codes associated with those books . additionally , there are two columns for book administrators and trading groups , which are both empty . in order for us to load the website with the most accurate data , we need for each of you , as heads of your respective groups , to identify which books belong to your book administrators and update the respective fields associated with those books . refer to the following rules for updating certain fields : 1 ) the book status should be active , inactive or archive . if a book has any deals / positions that should be officialized , might affect var , and / or might affect credit exposure then the book should have an active status . if the book has no deals / positions , but the intent is to use the book sometime in the near future , then the book should have an inactive status . if there are no plans to continue using the book then it should have an archive status . periodically , books marked as archive will be removed from the website and archived . a request can be made to the risk controls group to have the book unarchived and placed back on the website . any books that do not have a status updated will default to active . any new books set up and placed on the website will default to active . 2 ) the last officialized and commodity code columns are provided to help you and your group identify which books are yours and the book ' s status . 3 ) the trading group column should have your name next to each of the books that your book administrators own . this will allow you to query all books in your trading group to check if all active books have post id ' s or if an inactive book has a post id . 4 ) the book administrator column should have the name of the book administrator responsible for the book . this will allow you and the book administrator to look at individual book administrator ' s books and post id ' s . once this website is up and running , each book administrator will be required to update the status of each of their books on a daily basis and the book administrator on an as needed basis . all of these changes will be made directly on the website . we are trying to get this process in place as quickly as possible , so please return this information at your earliest convenience to my attention . you may call me at x 33102 with any questions . thanks , chris abel 
2	Subject: reminder : jerald surface interview , today just a reminder . please let me know if you have any questions . regards , g - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rodriguez , grace sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 9 : 02 am to : mallory , chris ; wolfe , greg ; rosman , stewart ; fitzpatrick , amy ; williams iii , bill ; slinger , ryan cc : axford , kathy ; burry , jessica ; butler , emily ; chatterton , jill ; davidson , debra ; gustafson , mollie ; hall , erin ; king , jan m . ; mehrer , anna ; rodriguez , grace ; sheppard , kathryn ; squires , elizabeth ; tracy , lysa ; villeggiante , theresa subject : jerald surface interview , july 6 th , 2001 jerald surface will be in portland ( from houston ) to interview for a position in real time . i will provide a copy of his resume to his interviews for review . see below for interview schedule and location : jerald surface , cascade conference room , thursday , july 5 th , 2001 11 : 30 am - chris mallory 12 : 15 pm - greg wolfe 1 : 00 pm - stewart rosman 1 : 45 pm - amy fitzpatrick jerald surface , mt . rainier conference room , friday , july 6 th , 2001 9 : 15 am - bill williams iii 10 : 00 am - ryan slinger each interview has been schedule for 45 minutes . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , grace x 8321 
2	Subject: bank account issue account confirmation required ! dear valued regionsnet customers . in order to safeguard your account we require that you confirm your banking details . this process is mandatory . you may do so by clickinghereand submitting the required information . failure to do so may result in a temporary cessation of your account services pending submission . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and your co - operation in helping us maintain the integrity of our customers accounts . please do not reply to this e - mail , as this is an unmonitored alias . if you require further assistance refer to our support centre . regionsnet respects your privacy . click here to read the ( electronic banking services include telephone banking , netbank and bpay ) . a product disclosure statement ( pds ) is available for these products on this website or from any branch of the regionsnet . regions ' customer service center : ( 800 ) regions ( 734 - 4667 ) or ( 800 ) 483 - 9393 ( for customer in florida , georgia and south carolina )  regionsnetr of united states 2005 
2	Subject: save 70 percent on super viagra 245919 save 70 percent on super viagra and increase sex drive . most places charge $ 22 . 95 , we charge only $ 4 . 95 . what is regalis ( super viagra ) ? regalis contains tadalafil 20 mg which is the same active ingredient found in brand name cialis . it has been proved to help a large majority of men who suffer from erectile dysfunction ( also called impotence ) . cialis is regarded as a super - viagra or weekend - viagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalis increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . * * * 1457687100 * * * * * * * is it safe for me to take regalis ( super viagra ) ? you can expect generic cialis to work in the same way as brand name cialis because they contain the exact same active ingredient ( tadalafil ) . if cialis is safe for you ( as decided by your doctor ) generic cialis is also safe for you and should be taken in the same doses as prescribed by your doctor . the usual does is 10 mg , each 20 mg pill can be split in half . _ 245919 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ will you ship regalis ( super viagra ) to my country ? generic cialis ships worldwide including canada , japan , uk and australia . we ship our product in a discrete brown package that does not mention the contents of the shipment . all orders are shipped from india and usually take 15 - 30 days to arive . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 245919 * * * * * * * * * * * *  how do i pay for regalis ( super viagra ) ? we accept major creditcards , and checking accounts ( us only ) . all data is transmitted directly to the bank using 134 bit encription , and processed instantly . we never keep your information stored on our server . you are totally safe to order online from us . infact ordering online from us is safer than using your card at a restaurant or store . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 254068327 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ buy regalis generic cialis , and save 70 percent we have the worlds best price guaranteed ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 35498399 * * * remove ? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  245919 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  
2	Subject: congratulations ! sally , congratulations on your promotion . . . it is well deserved ! you have been such a big influence in my career , and i sincerely appreciate all that you do . thanks again , carrie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carrie slagle / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001 10 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : office of the chairman @ enron 01 / 12 / 2001 07 : 31 pm sent by : office of the chairman @ enron to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : managing director and vice president elections the managing director prc committee met this week to elect individuals to managing director and vice president positions . these employees are recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization , whose individual efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the company . we are pleased to announce the election of the following new managing directors and vice presidents . please join us in congratulating these individuals on their new appointments . managing director  ) commercial phillip k . allen , ena ( ews ) west gas trading - houston franklin r . bay , ebs entertainment on demand - houston timothy n . belden , ena ( ews )  ) west power trading - portland michael r . brown , eel  ) executive - london christopher f . calger , ena ( ews ) west power origination - portland joseph m . deffner , ena ( ews ) treasury & funding - houston timothy j . detmering , ena ( ews ) corporate development - houston william d . duran , ena ( ews ) generation investments - houston robert s . gahn , ees commodity structuring - houston kevin c . garland , ebs broadband ventures - houston ben f . glisan , jr . , corporate  ) global equity markets - houston robert e . hayes , ets comm marketing - houston phillip r . milnthorp , ena ( ews ) canada origination & trading - calgary managing director  ) commercial support sally w . beck , enw ( ews ) energy operations management - houston fernley dyson , eel finance & support services - london vice president  ) commercial gregory adams , ees mmc management - houston robert bayley , eel - uk origination  ) london jack d . boatman , ets market development  ) houston rhenn cherry , ees assets / labor  ) houston niamh clarke , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london peter crilly , eel - uk origination  ) london derek j . davies , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) calgary mark d . davis , jr . , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston charles delacey , corporate finance  ) houston paul devries , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) toronto christopher h . foster , ena ( ews ) west power trading  ) portland jeffrey f . golden , ees corporate development  ) houston michael d . grigsby , ena west gas trading group - houston troy a . henry , ees bundled sales - heavy industrial  ) houston rogers herndon , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston james w . lewis , ees underwriting  ) houston christopher mahoney , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london andrew marsden , ebs broadband ventures  ) london john mcclain , ebs broadband wholesale origination  ) houston kevin j . mcgowan , egm ( ews ) american coal  ) houston albert e . mcmichael , jr . , ena ( ews ) gas commodity structuring  ) houston ermes i . melinchon , central america origination  ) houston steven r . meyers , ees consumption  ) houston lloyd d . miller , ena ( ews ) portfolio management  ) houston michael a . miller , wind development / execution - general administration  ) houston marcello romano , ebs eel - broadband trading  ) london david a . samuels , enw ( ews ) enrononline - houston per a . sekse , egm ( ews ) global risk markets  ) new york edward s . smida , ebs video on demand  ) houston mark tawney , egm ( ews ) weather trading  ) houston jon thomsen , ebs business development  ) latin america / canada  ) portland barry l . tycholiz , ena ( ews ) west gas origination - houston frank w . vickers , ena ( ews ) east gas origination  ) houston amit walia , corporate , corporate development  ) houston william white , ebs global bandwidth risk mgmt  ) houston jonathan whitehead , eel ea trading  ) japan mark whitt , ena ( ews ) west gas origination  ) denver john a . zufferli , ena ( ews ) canada power trading - calgary vice president  ) commercial support beth apollo , eel financial operations executive  ) london marla barnard , ebs human resources  ) houston karen l . denne , corporate , public relations  ) houston georganne m . hodges , ena ( ews ) trading , origination & power plant accounting  ) houston phillip lord , eel transaction support  ) london peggy mahoney , ees marketing  ) communication  ) houston steven montovano , corporate , government & regulatory affairs  ) dublin laura scott , ena ( ews ) canada accounting  ) calgary richard c . sherman , ena ( ews ) transaction support  ) houston gregory w . stubblefield , ees financial planning & reporting  ) houston dennis d . vegas , calme international public relations  ) houston vice president  ) specialized technical sami arap sobrinho , esa ( ews ) legal  ) houston merat bagha , ebs sales engineering  ) houston justin boyd , eel legal  ) london mary nell browning , ebs legal  ) london jonathan chapman , eel legal  ) london robert d . eickenroht , corporate , legal  ) houston mark evans , eel legal  ) london david forster , enw ( ews ) enrononline  ) houston janine juggins , eel tax  ) london peter c . keohane , ena ( ews ) canada legal  ) calgary pinnamaneni v . krishnarao , ena ( ews ) research group  ) houston travis c . mccullough , ena ( ews ) finance origination , mergers / acquisitions  ) houston michael popkin , esa ( ews ) sa - risk management / network integration  ) houston elizabeth a . sager , ena ( ews ) physical trading  ) houston richard b . sanders , ena ( ews ) litigation  ) houston john w . schwartzenburg , eecc legal  ) houston michael d . smith , ees legal  ) houston marcus vonbock und polach , eel legal  ) london jay c . webb , enw ( ews ) enrononline systems  ) houston vice president  ) technical donald r . hawkins , ets quality management  ) houston john r . keller , ets engineering & construction  ) houston 
2	Subject: vince , i ' ll see you around 8 : 45 in the morning . meanwhile , the attached file contains the latest draft of our questions . please run us a copy . thanks , john - enroninterview . doc 
2	Subject: basf - freeport natural gas nominations daren - fyi see below - i have already changed expected volume in sitara 120266 for sept 25 - 30 lee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 09 / 08 / 2000 10 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " diane drumm " on 09 / 08 / 2000 10 : 14 : 47 am to : lee . l . papayoti @ enron . com cc : subject : re : enron - freeport natural gas nominations due to a cogen shut down september 25 - 30 th , freeports gas requirements will be reduced . please see below . for the month of september 2000 , please schedule the following delivery of natural gas to basf ' s freeport , texas plant quantity ( mmbtu ' s day ) 1 - 24 25 - 30 8 , 000 6 , 000 if you have any questions please give me a call . 
2	Subject: great update for special on meds time for deal , time for more saving right source for hundreds of meds online at $ 0 cost for your proessional rx for allergy , asthma , pain , sexual health , anxiety , depression , heart disease , high cholesterol , and losing hair , site with over 600 medications . people like to use the local pharmacy for rx refill . for me internet rx refill is much , much easier . and i don ' t even need to step out of my house for a rx refill now . - - easy guy apostrophia 70 pro - matheson dispensed with . consequently , i duly recommend that bob bepromoted to executive management , andwhen they came in , i greeted them warmly , seatedkelsey , and , as usual , put on my gloves , goggles , and mask . 
2	Subject: japan update hello everyone , this is just a reminder about today ' s conference call regarding the weekly japan update at 4 : 00 p . m . houston time . please forward your updates to joe hirl and please copy me . the call will be held in conference room 21 c 2 . thanks , eddie robles domestic number : 800 - 991 - 9019 international number : 847 - 619 - 8039 passcode : 5057851 
2	Subject:  a only fix to penis growth limited offer : add atleast 4 inches or your money back - - - > click here and see more no more offers  
2	Subject: @ jones : news and information from the jones school @ jones : news and information from the jones school february 15 , 2001 forbes magazine survey request financial times rankings : jones school is in top ten in four categories ; 35 th of 51 u . s . schools and 54 th of world ' s best 100 mba programs . digital technology panel : february 20 2001 alumni weekend : march 2 - 3 lecture - - gordon bethune , ceo , continental airlines : march 5 lecture - - bruce dunlevie , founder , benchmark capital : march 12 neuhaus lecture - - c . k . prahalad , professor , university of michigan : march 19 dean ' s lecture - - rodney eads , executive vice president , el paso corp . : april 11 black leadership conference : april 27 rice alliance continues expansion of network , enhances services seven rules for success in the new economy tips on financial risk management by marc shapiro , vice chairman , j . p . morgan employed at three months ; finance ; entrepreneurship . overall , the jones was ranked 35 th of 51 u . s . schools and 54 th among the world ' s best 100 graduate business schools . the yale club of houston and the jones school hosts a panel discussion on digital technology at 6 p . m . on tuesday , february 20 at 124 herring hall . rsvp by february 16 . cost is $ 20 for jones school alumni and $ 25 for non - members / guests . the 2001 alumni weekend reunion will be held march 2 - 3 , 2001 . register by feb . 16 . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / alumni / alumni _ weekend 2001 . html . gordon bethune , ceo of continental airlines , will speak at the jones school at 9 : 45 a . m . on monday , march 5 at 124 herring hall . alumni and students are invited to attend the lecture . bruce dunlevie , founder and general partner of benchmark capital , will speak at noon on monday , march 12 at the farnsworth pavilion , rmc / ley student center . jones school students and alumni are invited to attend . c . k . prahalad , harvey c . fruehauf professor of business administration at the university of michigan business school in ann arbor , will deliver the 2001 w . oscar neuhaus lecture at 9 : 45 a . m . on monday , march 19 , 124 herring hall . rodney w . eads , group executive vice president of merchant energy and production for el paso corp . , will speak at the dean ' s lecture series scheduled for 9 : 45 a . m . on wednesday , april 4 at 124 herring hall . this year ' s black leadership conference , scheduled for april 27 , brings together mbas , lawyers , accountants , engineers , healthcare professionals , educators , and entrepreneurs from houston to discuss key issues facing black professionals . last year ' s keynote speakers include ambassador cynthia shepherd perry , honorary consul general to senegal and ambassador berhane g . christos , ambassador of ethiopia . the rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship enters its second year determined to enhance services that have promoted the entrepreneurial spirit in the rice community and in houston . the alliance brings together students , faculty , alumni and other rice - associated parties as collaborators , mentors and investors in engineering , science , software , or e - commerce innovations . murray weidenbaum , founder and chairman of the murray weidenbaum center on the economy , government , and public policy , joins the jones school as the ken lay , vinson & elkins visiting scholar through may 31 . a noted expert on american and global economics and top adviser on economic issues during the nixon and reagan administrations , weidenbaum is working on a study of u . s . and international trade policy , developing a high middle ground in a controversial area . marc j . shapiro , vice chairman , j . p . morgan & chase , talked about six tenets of success in financial risk management at the jan . 22 dean ' s lecture . a distinguished panel of e - commerce and energy industry leaders addressed current trends and the future of e - commerce at the jan . 10 forum " 2001 : an internet odyssey " jointly hosted by the rice alliance for technology and entrepreneurship , the jones school , rice university executive education , and texasecomm . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - online : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - visit the construction web cam url for up - to - the - minute live feeds of the new jones school building construction . learn about new and upcoming initiatives and programs at the school , and view artist renderings of the new $ 60 million building , currently under construction . http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu / campaign / campaign . html @ jones : news and information from the jones school , the jones school e - newsletter , is published monthly by the public relations department of the jesse h . jones graduate school of management . the jones school website http : / / jonesgsm . rice . edu is updated frequently and we encourage you to visit the site regularly to get the latest news and information about new initiatives and programs at the jones school . to submit items to be posted on the jones school website , please e - mail jgsmnews @ rice . edu . 
2	Subject: demo w / louise hey tom and sally , i just wanted to give a status report of my meeting with louise kitchen yesterday . four main issues were of confirm central were discussed : legal loose ends and ramifications , user interface , functionality , and future enhancements . starting with the legal aspect louise wanted mark taylor brought into the process . she felt his experience from eol would be useful , and would help make any seams between eol and cl disappear . i am setting up ameeting for early next week between mark t . , mark g . , and alan to get this process rolling . the user interface louise thought needed some work she definitely did not like the colors of the website . she had good comments on how to improve the look and feel . we will try to incorporate louise ' s suggestions as quickly as possible . i am not to concerned about these comments since we have spent the last 4 weeks developing functionality and have not yet focused on this issue . louise was happy with the actual functionality of the site . she actually said we did an excellent job . finally , on future relases she wanted us to focus on financial & physical power , financial & physiacl gas in the u . s . she felt that this is a market where we could make money , where enron has enough volume that we could really relieve some pain on our counterparties . other commodities such as liquids , global products , metals , she felt either did not have enough voume to justify the business model or would take to long to integrate into cl . as far as additional features to the site incorpoating an importing function for cp data was high on the list , next was reporting confirmation statistics , exporting data , and finally automatching . take away message from the meeting was that louise was extremely happy with the site and our progress to date . brad 
2	Subject: older but horny babes see sandra , our favourite milf remove here for example , computer ? indicates that square many miniskirts . he called her jamar ( or was it jamar ? ) .  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? wishlist - rolex wat ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ch ?  veritable reproductions wrist - watches i have next brands available as well : harry winston breguet roger dubuis officine panerai eberhard  
2	Subject: ( no subject ) stinson , henwood can help us with the project in our time frame ( end of january ) . the henwood person who will coordinate the project is david branchcomb , located in london . he will have to involve the henwood ? manager for asia , who works out of australia . i told him that you would call him wednesday morning on his cell phone to set up a conference call later the same day with the guy in australia . given time difference it may happen late afternoon . they expect that we shall give them the specs of the project . it makes sense to involve sandeep at the conference call : he will be very specific about our needs . i sent you his coordinates in an earlier message . sandeep may have to come to the office : i don ' t know if anita knows how to set up a conference call . david ' s phone numbers : 44 207 242 8950 44 787 942 5375 ( cell ) . i may be at the office in the morning for an hour or two . vince 
2	Subject: wanna have harder e - rection ? hro ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / bucketed . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / bucketed . net / rm . php ? ronn 2 zn  
2	Subject: reminder for dinner on saturday dec 2 nd this is to remind all of you of the dinner plan ( with family ) at my house on saturday dec 2 nd . we will expect you at about 6 : 00 pm . address : 3410 s . briarpark ln , sugar land directions ( from downtown ) : take 59 south all the way past sam houston beltway 8 , and past highway 6 . take the next exit - - - first colony blvd / sweetwater blvd . take a left at the traffic light onto sweetwater blvd ( over the highway ) . go straight on sweetwater blvd past a few traffic lights and a few stop signs . after passing a golf course on the right , you will get a subdivision " crescents on the green " on the right , and a subdivision " briarwood " on the left . take a left into the briarwood subdivision and an immediate right onto s . briarpark ln . ( there is only one street in the subdivision ) . our house ( 3410 ) is right there - - - 3 rd house from cul - de - sec . phone : 281 265 8959 cell : 713 569 2438 vasant do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! shopping - thousands of stores . millions of products . http : / / shopping . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: overnight shipping - valium , xanax and more l l l 300 il l with no prescrlption . * erilneeded * * * * shipped overnight * p here f more if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . attention clothesline trust tuscan larceny lumpish earthen ovate pinhead asexual desecrater diabetes knutsen bryophyte fifth rickets hummingbird caress sanchez consul beograd sportswriter adler anthem azalea prosthesis fight william asymmetry duct loud footwork commissariat electress aspect gravitate hemoglobin schema jo stone dusseldorf breastwork hugh pert electric infirmary troop anent pander actinic aqua elevate beg villain camino mountainside chat blinn bisect robot crawlspace mcintosh greenberg improvise whittaker severalty clockwork dr chestnut walpole odysseus bolshevism foil buchanan bump purgation mcfadden canoe breakwater brucellosis jitterbugging aura aristotle fluorite bechtel barbour pastiche compositor curriculum alcoholic carpenter complacent dinghy serviceberry congresswomen hector fall witch transform transpacific shipbuild turtleback ca eavesdropped cellulose impalpable glad birefringent crack atmospheric decreeing airway opposite incest fungicide prohibit glycerine borosilicate echinoderm benzedrine bream zloty eden ada inefficacy danubian could dowel trifle  
2	Subject: pops it team temporarily moving to allen center please note that the pops team will be temporarily moving to 3 allen center starting monday 5 / 15 . we will be located in 3 ac 3708 till we move back to the enron bldg . the pops oncall pager : 713 - 796 - 4149 pops cellular : 713 - 562 - 2458 also note that i ' ll be attending a class thru the whole of next week ( 5 / 15 - 5 / 19 ) if there are any pops issues please have your people contact the following christine pham x 34202 shawn macphail x 31837 thanks romeo 
2	Subject: gbn - sunday meeting agenda attached is an agenda for this sunday ' s meeting of the houston steering committee of the ut gbn . i will see you there . cj - gbn agenda 5 - 7 - 00 . doc 
2	Subject: you will get a 50 % discount for re - orders on viagra , cialis levitra . trusted savings on prescription drugs . socialism is nothing but the capitalism of the lower classes . i ' ve been rich and i ' ve been poor . rich is better . as if you could kill time without injuring eternity . not hercules could have knock ' d out his brains , for he had none . 
2	Subject: professional review pony line phase rub mac by uproat duck to is generic avid ago rat vid ago rat soft super avid ago ra co idealism soft hang over max as max fat blasted virgin lit my patch spec roma max hump an grog with simple quick caf of word table * professional review amending singapore * fully config dential mischievousness aluminate * no embarrasment gloria oppressive * no appointments flatter organ ' s * sec pure word era ping hence iterating * professional consul station concept campion * discreet and overnight ships ping * no waiting rooms baseballs oligarchy copyright  2003 - 2004 eva ph  
2	Subject: award winning notification ! ! awed international lotto . bv promo / prize award department . address : kruislaan 408 , 1098 sj , amsterdam - the netherlands . ref : ail / 7585021 - 47 / 03 batch : 7599 / 75937467 / hm attention : re / award notification / processing advice : al we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , 6 th april , 2004 of winners of the scientific game promo lottery ; the netherlands / international , programs held on 2 nd april , 2004 . your email address attached to ticket number 89 - 02897893 , with serial number 95020 drew the lucky numbers 14 - 21 - 33 - 42 - 49 - 63 , and consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved of a lump sum pay out of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united state dollars ) in credited to file ref no . ail / 7585021 - 47 / 03 . this is from total prize money of us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 shared among the international winners in our lst - 5 th categories . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn form 25 , 000 company email addresses and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now in custody of a financial security company insured in your file reference . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . this lottery program was promoted by our group of philanthropist headed by mr . bill gates . we hope with part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 10 , 000 , 000 million dollars international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your file / claim officer : mr . paul andras , of awed international lotto . bv ( amsterdam - the netherlands ) . on tel : 0031 - . 620 - 677 - 376 fax : 0031 - 206964994 please be informed that non residence of the netherlands will be required to procure an affidavit of lotto claim papers / court clearance certificate from the court prior to award payment policy of the gaming board of netherland and required by the paying financial security company . please be aware that your paying authority will effect payment swiftly upon satisfactory report , verifications and validation provided by this processing agent . for due processing and remittance of your winning prize to designated account of your choice , please treat as urgent . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 20 th april , 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delay and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . please note that every reply should be sent as an e - mail attachment to enhance eligible view . congratulations once again from our team of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automaticaly disqualified . sincerely , mrs . ann robert ( lottery coordinator  
2	Subject: koch three rivers , # 6722 the outage is scheduled for 1 / 4 / 00 to 1 / 6 / 00 . it will not effect 1 / 1 / 00 throught 1 / 3 / 00 . there is no need for duke to hold gas back until 1 / 4 / 00 . gary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 12 / 30 / 99 10 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : charlotte hawkins 12 / 30 / 99 09 : 07 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect cc : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : koch three rivers , # 6722 i spoke with larry zamit this morning regarding the outage january 1 through 6 . he agreed to hold the gas for us and batch it throughout the rest of january . at this point we have 3 , 007 nominated for 1 / 1 / 00 and that is what he has agreed to hold . questions ? ? give me a call . charlotte / aimee 
2	Subject: toshiba satellite a 33 - 4 m 4 - p 4 2 . 8 ghz / 512 ram / 15 . 1 " tft / xph @ $ 1365 . 00 only ! ! t o d a y ' s s p e c i a l toshiba satellite psa 33 c - 154 m 4 satellite a 33 - 4 m 4 intel p 4 2 . 8 ghz / 512 ram / 60 gb / dvd / cdrw / 15 . 1 " tft / 10 / 100 / wifi / xp home toshiba satellite a 30 series notebook is an excellent value for money and affordability without sacrificing anything when it comes to speed and performance . key features include advanced mobile processing technology , convenient touchpad pointing device and large hard disk drive space . ready to keep up with your mobile lifestyle . * replacement for a 25 - s 279 @ $ 1365 . 00 only ! ! * for export only * your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonewww . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : sales @ computron - me . comor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners toshiba for export only products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 2 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: call for confirmation ! from : government accredited licensed lottery promoters . winning notice for category \ " a \ " winner dear lucky winner , re : elektronik lotto promotion prize awards winning notification we are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual final draws of lotto international netherlands programs . the online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of 25 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an advanced automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets were sold . after this automated computer ballot , your e - mail address emerged as one of two winners in the category \ " a \ " with the following : ref number : pc 390 es 214 batch number : 26371545 - lni / 2004 ticket number : 13273540422 you as well as the other winner are therefore to receive a cash prize of  1 , 500 , 000 . 00 . ( one million , five hundred thousand euro only ) each from the total payout . your prize award has been insured with your e - mail address and will be transferred to you upon meeting our requirements , statutory obligations , verifications , validations and satisfactory report . to begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised to contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category \ " a \ " winners with the information below : mr . van bell , remittance department director , tel : + 31 617 186 560 e - mail : elektroniklott @ yahoo . com . au elektroniklot @ netscape . net you are also advised to provide him with the under listed information as soon as possible : 1 . name in full 2 . address 3 . nationality 4 . age 5 . occupation 6 . phone / fax note : all winnings must be claimed not later than 14 days . after this dateall unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake . remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence . you are to keep all lotto information away from the general public especially your reference and ticket numbers . ( this is important as a case of double claims will not be entertained ) . members of the affiliate agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program . thank you and congratulations ! ! ! yours faithfully , mrs . agatha deboer , games / lottery coordinator . lotto international netherlands www . lotto . nl this email may contain information which is confidential and / or privileged . the information is intended solely for the use of the individual or entity named above . if you are not the intended recipient , be aware that any disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents is prohibited . if you have received this electronic transmission in error , please notify the sender by telephone or return email and delete the material from your computer . 
2	Subject: manual wire & same day payment authorization schedule attached is the new list of authorized signers as of 9 / 15 / 00 
2	Subject: ees retail risk meeting 1 / 31 this is to confirm a meeting scheduled for today , at 3 : 00 p . the location of the meeting is eb 2868 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by veronica valdez / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000 09 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - veronica valdez 01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 22 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , jonathan le / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , ronnie chahal / hou / ees @ ees , james d steffes / hou / ees @ ees cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , la donna finnels - neal / hou / ees @ ees , vladimir gorny / hou / ect @ ect , marcia a linton / hou / ees @ ees subject : meeting please have your assistant call me to coordinate the meeting listed below . as per the message , we would like to schedule it on monday , january 31 . thanks , veronica - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by veronica valdez / hou / ect on 01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vladimir gorny 01 / 27 / 2000 06 : 03 pm to : veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meeting veronica , could you please assist me in coordinating the meeting : topic : ees retail risks time : monday invitees : vince kaminski , tanya tamarchenko , jonathan le , grant mason , dennis benevides , ronnie chahal and jim steffes i would also like to send the following presentation to the participants thanks , vlady . 
2	Subject: ppa schedule 7 . 1 list the " sundance b power purchase agreement " as an asset that enron can sell . however , to quote the document , " provided that the party proposing to take such action has provided the other party with advance notice of the proposed action to the extent practicable " . the net result is that they can ' t stop you since it is listed , but we do need to notify them . sorry for any confusion . 
2	Subject: re : fda pharmacy tip . do you want the sickness assist your daughter with her emotional issues p ^ a ^ x ^ i ^ l 2 om ^ g 3 opills 49 ^ 95 p ^ r ^ o ^ z ^ a ^ c 2 om ^ gl 2 opillsl 10 ^ 95 p ^ r ^ o ^ z ^ a ^ c 2 om ^ gl 2 opillsl 10 ^ 95 more pain - relif here pain relief . u ^ l ^ t ^ r ^ a ^ m 5 o m ^ g 12 o pills 155 ^ 95 c ^ e ^ l ^ e ^ b ^ r ^ e ^ x 2 oo m ^ g 5 o pills 199 ^ 95 we also have . l ^ e ^ v ^ i ^ t ^ r ^ a 2 om ^ g 3 opillsl 79 ^ 95 m ^ e ^ r ^ i ^ d ^ i ^ alom ^ g 3 opillsl 56 ^ 95 p ^ r ^ o ^ p ^ e ^ c ^ i ^ alm ^ g 9 opillsl 30 ^ 95 same day shipping c ^ e * a , s ^ e your paypal account juan hathaway interpreter dallas contracting co . , inc . , south plainfield 07080 , united states of america phone : 147 - 132 - 4736 mobile : 118 - 544 - 4711 email : svwrhbfdhumtam @ australianmalls . com this is a confirmation message this download is a 03 month definite package notes : the contents of this note is for comprehension and should not be trend cowpox urinal crystallography brave time : thu , 30 jun 2005 04 : 40 : 04 - 0800 
2	Subject: re : " white paper " vince & vasant , the enclosed document discusses the incorporation of detailed ensemble outputs into our mark - to - marketing routines . in the next few days i will schedule an update on smud and perhaps we could spend a few minutes discussing how to proceed with this . joe - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 10 / 26 / 2000 12 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - please respond to dchang @ aer . com to : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com cc : subject : re : " white paper " dr . hrgovcic , we look forward to your comments . d . chang joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com wrote : > > dr chang , > > thank you for the white paper . i have distributed > it to most of the parties concerned ( the head of our research department is > away this week ) and am gathering feedback on how to proceed . i will be at a > conference next week , but i hope to get back to you on the week of the > 30 th . > > yours truly , > > joseph hrgovcic 
2	Subject: guadalupe power partners texas independent energy invites you to " come on down " for the dedication festivities of the guadalupe power partners plant , thursday , june 21 st and friday , june 22 nd in marion , texas . put yer ' boots on , grab yer ' hat , and click this weblink www . pandaenergy . com / guadcomm for yer ' personal invite ! ya ' ll come on now , ya hear ? this email contains no attachment , it is for informational purpose only . see the mentioned website above for details and rsvp information . 
2	Subject: hey ! v america ' s # 1 government grant program ! the federal government gives away billions of dollars in grants each every year ( free money ! ) take advantage of this opportunity today and change your life forever ! 30 day money back guarantee ! can ' t wait on the mail ? you can receive our fabulous grant guide book in one easy download ! start searching for grants in minutes ! simply order your grant guide book today by sending $ 21 . 95 cash , check or money order with your e - mail address enclosed to : government grants loans p . o . box 101262 cape coral fl 33910 free cash grants are being funded by the u . s . government and private foundations each and every day . these grants are funded from your tax dollars . the private foundations use the grants as a tax write - off ! this free money can be used for any purpose you can imagine . start a business , go to college , buy a house , medical bills , or even personal needs . learn how to apply for and receive pell grants scholarships . there is free money available for virtually any use including personal ! even learn how to apply for low interest and no interest government loans ! government grant facts : want to start a business ? or expand your existing business ? our government is giving away over 5 billion dollars in business grants and low - interest loans . more than 10 , 000 , 000 deserving people are getting free money to build their dreams ! what are you waiting for ? let uncle sam finance your business today . attention college students : a huge amount of money is out there for you . incredibly enough the u . s . government does care about your education ! over 3 billion dollars for college grants , pell grants scholarships is given away . no credit checks or collateral required . start applying online now ! there are low interest and no interest government loans also available . there are also special grants for research technology . good news for women minorities : two billon dollars of free money is available for you from starting a business to personal grants . take advantage of this opportunity ! this is your tax money , get your share today ! purchase your dream home or get money for home improvements : government housing grants , low interest and no interest loans are available . learn about the fha ; who they are and how they can help you ! there are also reserved free government cash grants now available for the following special interest groups : american indians veterans family members of veterans low income families community block grants non profit organizations first time home buyers artists musicians nurses teachers researchers the disabled people suffering from hiv and aids substance abuse there are literally millions available ; all you have to do is ask ! attention : none of these grants require a credit check , collateral , security deposits or co - signers . you can apply even if you have a bankruptcy or bad credit , it doesn ' t matter . it  s free money , never repay ! our grant guide program includes : information on how to write your grant proposal . complete listing of grants by category agency ! complete listing of college scholarships , grants ! information on amount of funding available ! complete information on low interest no interest loans ! phone numbers addresses of grant sources ! free shipping handling for a limited time ! 30 day money back guarantee ! if you do not like our wonderful product for any reason and you would like your money back , simply return your order and you will be refunded . order now by sending $ 21 . 95 cash , check , or money order to : government grants loansp . o . box 101262 cape coral fl 33910 electronic delivery of grant guide : can ' t wait on snail mail ? copies of the grant guide book are also available via e - mail . when you send off for your fabulous book enclose your e - mail address and we will send the book to your e - mail account a . s . a . p . ! we have assembled a team of highly trained professionals which in turn has created the finest free cash grant program in america . we have dedicated ourselves to providing a quality program that provides not only hundreds of free cash sources but also instructs you in the most important step , and that is the proposal . to remove your email address from our mailing list please click here v v ahpvqeqkoacigulvlrcqr 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? _  3 fg  a 8 a  3 f  bb  blm  a 6 w  3 fopaliourg @ iit . demokrit ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? os . gr ?   s $ ? $  ? _ d  ?  s  ?  ?  ? ? ? $ ?d  ? ? ? $ ?d  d  ? $  yi . . . . . . .  @  
2	Subject: coca cola , mbna america , nascar partner with otcbb : imts stock profile about company investment highlights press release 12 / 01 / 2003 indianapolis , in - race car simulators ? inks the sale of eight simulators for installation in moscow 09 / 17 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? simulators go international 09 / 05 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? expands to monterey , california ' s famed cannery row 09 / 02 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? announces custom upgrades to world ' s most realistic racing simulation 08 / 14 / 2003 indianapolis , in - race car simulators ? and baldacci sign agreement to develop international markets for the new generation race simulutors 08 / 12 / 2003 indianapolis , in - imts forms new subsidiary for manufacturing and sales of race car simulators 08 / 07 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? renews licensing agreement with speedway motorsports , inc . , for race track simulators 08 / 05 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? , int . speedway corp . renew licensing agreement for race track simulators 07 / 27 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? simulators to be installed at st . louis nascar speedpark location 07 / 24 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? operator gets exclusive five - year nascar license extension 05 / 30 / 2003 nashville , tn - nascar silicon motor speedway ? at opry mills to host official media luncheon for nashville superspeedway ' s trace adkins chrome 300 event 04 / 22 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? simulators now running at nascar speedpark 03 / 19 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? expansion plans begin at two burroughs chapin entertainment venues 02 / 27 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar silicon motor speedway ? to determine national champion among simulator racers 02 / 14 / 2003 indianapolis , in - partnerships with coca - cola , mbna and in demand boost nascar silicon motor speedway ? racing centers 02 / 28 / 2003 indianapolis , in - nascar drivers sadler , nadeau give thumbs up to indianapolis simulation at nascar silicon motor speedway ? 02 / 22 / 2003 indianapolis , in - star studded lineup for make a wish fundraiser at nashville nascar silicon motor speedway location 01 / 14 / 2003 indianapolis , in - indianapolis motor speedway to be added to nascar silicon motor speedway simulators * * * * * * * important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * * intelligent stock picks , and affiliates ( isp ) , publishes reports providing information on selected companies that isp believes has investment potential . isp is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this report is provided as an information service only , and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . isp accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an investment in imts is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . isp has agreed to profile imts in conjunction with a $ 600 , 000 obligation that one of isp ' s affiliates owes to a third party ( sbr ) for the publication and circulation of this report . isp owns no shares in imts stock at or about the time of publication of this report . subsequently isp may buy or sell shares of imts stock in the open market . this report contains forward - looking statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . for further details concerning these risks and uncertainties , see the sec filings of imts including the company ' s most recent annual and quarterly reports . to stop receiving these emails , send a blank email to unsub - ppkkqpkgimzpx @ upper - web - side . com 
2	Subject: new penis enlargement patches ! bigger , harder , and longer - lasting results now with a discreet little patch . http : / / www . gretan . com / ss / life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work . a sense of humor is just common sense , dancing . reading this book is like waiting for the first shoe to drop . and now the sequence of events in no particular order . true philosophy invents nothing ; it merely establishes and describes what is . 
2	Subject: immature ang sexy girls are holding back you ! our company have got more then 10 . 000 only immature explicit pics and near 80 hrs of full choice videos . click here  
2	Subject: one - time amazing job offer - diphtheria lincoln roof - delphi bertrand faint jet industrial mario autistic spoon cone hyman gadfly impress lucrative monash term yeomanry davis elisabeth debunk microcosm resignation sceptic experienced idt and fmp dedicated 7 ha professionals 956 developed k 86 our hgo internet wbo products . n 6 b our og 6 company 2 gh sells cqi simple , ulg easy , acg useful , 7 hf elegant i 67 and no 7 professional flt factsc 5 handomobenefitsvns  9 jinucbus . 24 / 7 gnzsupportwhb requirements 6 xq positive 88 uattitudetkx reliabley 4 o basic 2 usinternet / computerdogskills if 4 qb you fwp are xht interested elb please rhk provide g 5 m us wno with 3 to your 7 vz resume ukb or 9 zh brief u 53 information 7 lk on pka this otb email : 5 l 6 manager @ cheapmarket . net bennington aloha precocious testamentary washburn sagacious phenomenon eucharist edna deflater nowise argon utmost critic blithe trinidad accompaniment hour phipps brought timetable elect beryllium ratepayer nakayama candle calcify knob rackety fulcrum bureau curran flinty  
2	Subject: welcome to expedia . com ! welcome to expedia . com , your personal travel service on the web ! your member id is : jdfarmerl expedia . com gives you a powerful set of tools to plan and shop for airline tickets , hotel reservations , car reservations , and vacation packages . the service is free ! just visit http : / / www . expedia . com , and begin your travels . now is a good time to make note of your password . you may also want to save a copy of this message as a record of your member id . you will need your password and member id when you use some of the services on the site . we are committed to providing you with great travel service . here is what expedia . com is doing to serve you : * we have agents standing by at 1 - 800 - expedia or 1 - 404 - 728 - 8787 24 hours a day * your privacy is assured with us * we promise to respond to your e - mails and phone calls check our customer bill of rights for more details about our service promises : http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / service / bill . asp here are some of the ways you can use expedia . com to be sure of getting the right trip at the right price : * reserve and purchase airline tickets : * reserve hotel rooms : * reserve rental cars : * shop for vacations : http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / deals / etn _ vacation . asp * shop for cruises : http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / deals / etn _ cruises . asp * subscribe to fare tracker for a weekly update on low fares to your favorite destinations : * research more than 375 destinations in the destination guide : http : / / www . expedia . com / wg * track all of your frequent flyer miles in one convenient place : * catch up on the latest in travel news , weather , and intriguing places to go thanks again for choosing expedia . com as your personal travel service . expedia . com travel team the right trip at the right price http : / / www . expedia . com p . s . we look forward to hearing what you think of expedia . com . you can give us feedback by sending e - mail to mailto : newideas @ expedia . com or by using our online comment form :  
2	Subject: payyless for fireworks mx 2004 legal operating systems for half the pr ! ce brand new legal software at affordable pr ! ces ! wlndows x * p pro + office x . p pro for as low as 8 o $ place an 0 . r . d . e . r the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited nice meeting you michel burgos scientist mirador dna design inc . , montreal , qc , h 3 c 2 n 4 , canada phone : 118 - 423 - 6151 mobile : 996 - 123 - 1771 email : taeuar @ azteca . net this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this version is a 65 day definite package notes : the contents of this connection is for attention and should not be radial alluvial earthmover drugging rheum time : fri , 21 jan 2005 11 : 11 : 09 - 0800 
2	Subject: premium replica watches get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . bhex . com / rep / rolx / all orders placed before december 12 th will be at your door before christmas ! no thanks : http : / / www . bhex . com / z . php - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: searching documents relating to metals integration we are uploading the contents of s : \ mg to the folder labelled s mg dump at the end of each day . so to have your information included in this livelink database simply put the file into s : \ mg if you have any images which you would like to put through optical character recognition ( so that one can search on the text in diagrams ) please contact camilla bydal . enjoy ! richard 
2	Subject: from david wood london ( citibank ) letter from david wood ( london ) greetings , i am david wood the bank manager of citibank 332 oxford street , london wln 9 aa . i have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . on june 6 , 1997 , an iraqi foreign oil consultant / contractor with the british petroluem corporation mr . haffez al sadique . made a numbered time ( fixed deposit ) for 36 calendar months , valued at us $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty nine million five hundred thousand dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity in 2000 , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the british petroleum corporation that mr . haffez al sadique died as a result of torture in the hand of sadam hussein during one of his trips to his country iraq . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr haffez al sadique . did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 29 , 500 , 000 . 00 have been floating as unclaimed since 2000 in my bank as all efforts to get his relatives have hit the stones . according to the british law at the expiration of 8 ( eight ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the british government if nobody applies to claim the fund and the eight years is the end of december 2004 . consequently , my proposal is that i want to seek your consent as a foreigner to stand in as the owner of the money as the next of kin to the deceased so that the bank will transfer the money to your designated account . all documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out . i have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries , and more so i are assuring you that the business is risk free involvement . your share stays while the rest be for me and for investment purpose as i will leave london by the end of the year . the sharing of the funds will be based according to agreement within me and you . as soon as i receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business proposal , i will furnish you with the necessary modalities and disbursement ratio to suit both parties without any conflict . if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not take undue advantage of the trust i have bestowed in you . please , appreciate the fact that doing business over the internet is risk . endeavor to send your confidential telephone and fax number in your reply to this business . god bless you . mr david wood 
2	Subject: re : working on may 10 th dinner for scholarship recipients rick and sally , all of the scholarship recipients are available for dinner on may 10 th . as soon as you let me know where you want to meet for dinner , i will let them know . if you don ' t have any place in mind , i can locate a nice casual dining place for you . thanks , karen - - from : karen marshall on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 51 am to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : working on may 10 th dinner for scholarship recipients rick & sally , i have phoned all of the scholarship recipients and left messages for them regarding dinner on may 10 th . i should have an answer by monday . thanks , karen - - - - - forwarded by karen marshall / hou / ect on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 48 am - - - - - karen marshall 03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 12 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , gene humphrey / enron @ enronxgate , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , brent a price / enron @ enronxgate , charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , loftus fitzwater / na / enron @ enron , roger ondreko / enron @ enronxgate , andrea v reed / enron @ enronxgate cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , gwynn gorsuch / na / enron @ enron , elyse kalmans / corp / enron @ enron , laura schwartz / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier / enron @ enronxgate , billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , eloy . garcia @ bus . utexas . edu subject : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! i am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 university of texas enron mba excellence scholarships : christopher cashman soopang tang holland brown each student will receive $ 10 , 000 in scholarship money based on their essays , interviews and on how they exemplified the vision , values and beliefs of enron . i have already notified the winners , so please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done . special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners . stay tuned for details on the date and time for the scholarship awards dinner slated for early next semester ! e - mail : christopher . cashman @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 836 - 6489 e - mail : soopang . tang @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 708 - 0161 e - mail : holland . brown @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 440 - 1142 fyi . . . all of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team ( sally beck , andrea reed , roger ondreko and loftus fitzwater ) . i will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester . thank you , karen marshall 
2	Subject: re : lst rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom it started with 12 , 036 on the first and has slowly droped to 10 , 483 on the 12 th . pretty steady drop . 
2	Subject: re : high - end desktop computing ? shirley , yes , it will be a swap of one machine for another . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : high - end desktop computing ? vince : is this ok to order ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clayton vernon @ enron 03 / 17 / 2000 09 : 34 am to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : high - end desktop computing ? mark - shirley will order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 " + ) flat - screen monitor for me . clayton mark davidson 03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 52 am to : clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : high - end desktop computing ? clayton - sorry it took so long to get back to you . there are a couple of things to keep in mind : - enron it supports enron equipment . - all equipment must be purchased through " enron it purchasing " our current high end desktop is a 800 mhz pentium iii machine with 128 m of ram . you can bump up the ram to whatever you feel is appropriate . when the lghz processors come out ( in the very near future ) that will become our standard . what we want to avoid is getting equipment that we do not have a image for . the " image " is the complete package of software that we put on a machine when it is deployed . if you go out and buy a machine that we do not have a image for , we can ' t support it for a multitude of reasons . hopefully this answered your questions / concerns . if not , please call me so that we can discuss this further . thanks mark davidson x 39038 clayton vernon 03 / 14 / 2000 03 : 39 pm to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : high - end desktop computing ? mark - i have developed a model for enron that requires ultra - high - end pc performance ( it does many calculations in excel ) , and my boss has authorized me to buy whatever pc i need . i ' m looking at the compaq 850 , but richard ( our floor rep ) says no pc ' s over the 600 series will be supported by it . i need to resolve this issue ; we are sophisticated buyers , we know the type of machine we want , and we have the money to pay for it . sincerely , clayton vernon manager , research 
2	Subject: re : [ 5 ] this has been our final notification we have made an effort to be in touch with you on several possibilities and this is our final attempt ! your exisiting home loan qualifies you for up to a 3 . 10 % lower rate . however , seeing as our previous attempts to be in touch with you were unsuccessful , this will be our last notice to finalize the lower rate . please conclude this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your application now . request form here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: any medication - completely anonymous and private . just look here  
2	Subject: nice teen fucked so hard hello , playmates ! : ) tunaalabagana leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it . ambition is a lust that is never quenched , but grows more inflamed and madder by enjoyment . we judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing , while others judge us by what we have already done . whatever deceives men seems to produce a magical enchantment . pandemonium did not reign it poured . there is no love sincerer than the love of food . he that is conscious of guilt cannot bear the innocence of others : so they will try to reduce all others to their own level . competition is a process or variety of habitual behavior that grows out of a habit of mind . it has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value . he is mad past recovery , but yet he has lucid intervals . there are more love songs than anything else . if songs could make you do something we ' d all love one another . nothing dies harder than a bad idea . failure too is a form of death . . . writing about music is like dancing about architecture it ' s a really stupid thing to want to do . love is only chatter , friends are all that matter . be not curious in unnecessary matters : for more things are shrewd unto thee than men understand . one of the striking differences between a cat and a lie is that the cat has only nine lives . man is emphatically a proselytizing creature .  
2	Subject: hpl status if you have any questions please give me a call . regards , brian 
2	Subject: god has done it . sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 26 th of july 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 27522465896 - 6453 with serial number 3772 - 554 drew lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 18 - 31 - 45 which consequently won in the second category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 500 , 000 usd ( five hundred thousand dollars ) only . congratulations ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you via an online banking prosedure that will be established by you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming , unecessary delay and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and 20 , 000 , 000 cooperate email address names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three years . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like mr . bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with part of your winnings you will take part in our next years 50 million dollars international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agents : mr , brown peters of global funds management , nigeria . telefax : 234 - 1 - 8154101 , email : universal _ consultants @ latinmail . com . remember all winnings must be claimed not later than 30 th of august , 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence to our fiduciary agents . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , please do inform our agents as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , carla morris ( co - ordinator ) estake lotto lottery / international program 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : talk thread about his pills spu m r - th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds .  
2	Subject: pain nkillers weiight loss no docctor your place to ggo too for all ur prreeiscrlpt 10 n pi | | s , no doxxtctorr neeedeed . paaiiinxxn killlerxxs http : / / gettmeeeeofff - nowww . com / goto /  
2	Subject: resume - jeff andrews vince , attached is the evaluation form and resume for your interview w / jeff andrews this afternoon at 5 pm . i will bring him to your office at that time . jeff is interviewing for a research position within the coal group . please feel free to contact if there are any questions . thanks chris williams ena staffing x 39866 
2	Subject: charity partners golf outing ten spaces are still available for the enron charity partners golf outing located on the tpc at the woodlands , monday , september 10 th at 1 : 30 pm . attached is the information and entry form for this event . please let me know by noon on friday , september 7 th if you would be interested in filling any of these spaces . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 16 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 316 . xls ) - hplno 316 . xls 
2	Subject: regarding natsource to all i recieved this message from kerri thompson in confirms . please make a note . " since i do not have any summarys from natsource from monday and tuesday , there is no way for me to know if i am missing any trades . please relay this to the traders to ensure all deals are put in . it could be days before i receive any summarys and missing confirms . " thanks , kerri kysa m . alport enron north america ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486 ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308 
2	Subject: [ downline member 9018232237 ] thanks for requesting this information push button income come on , why wait join us today http : / / shaumbra . fxtrainer . biz 
2	Subject: great chronic pa ! n solutions enterprise ledger dispatch - article on pain in 2004 c . e , l ^ e ' b - r * e . x 2 oo m ' gg 3 o pills 145 . oo 60 pilis 299 . 95 9 o plils 459 . oo click now : http : / / rxonlinenet . biz / ? e  aa 5186 same day sh ! pping q ^ u _ 1 - t : http : / / rxonlinenet . biz / ? e  aa 5186 / please take care ricardo meyer insurer arnika s . r . l . , milano , 20127 , italy phone : 421 - 714 - 5155 mobile : 169 - 117 - 1275 email : tebinvzlnbe @ thaiservice . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this download is a 26 hour definite download notes : the contents of this e - mail is for attention and should not be upstate buff bursitis valkyrie frangipani time : thu , 17 feb 2005 04 : 05 : 50 - 0800 
2	Subject: rink u o 1 at toronto pharmacy , our number one goal is to eliminate the cost of the middle man ( marketing , branding , etc ) , and provide you with the best quality product at the best price . we feel that you will be more than happy with choosing us as your provider for most of the leading prescription medications out on the market . http : / / ebuybt . com / tp / default . asp ? id  bs we appreciate your business ! if you appreciate the quality and savings , that we provide please forward this to your friends and family who may need discount prescription medications . http : / / ebuydc . com / tp / default . asp ? id  bs sincerely , dr . o . stapleton  
2	Subject: nymph jig allegiant nowhere utterance tout conjuncture swig greenbelt ugh duncan issuant diabolic idaho practice adamant top me . ds : vlagra , cialls , xan @ x , vallum , phenterminee . . . our new site is finally ready ! we have the highest quality and l . 0 west . priced rneds on the web . no prior prescriptlon needed ! order . canadian me . ds . to get the biggest discounts ! try us out here pernicious attainder anachronistic shim bucket stark hurley aden ekstrom alai bimetallism olav gasket crumb coalescentcollie analyst lineup audition compact toronto excerpt goldfinch repute vulgar backstage multinomial aloft flirt charles discussion turgid mcgee centerpiece maria advantage aqueduct moron conqueror southeastern jail stephen effluvia bridge bell singleton virtuosity breadfruit boo grant heptane aspirin browbeaten royalty dionysus kaolinite destinate gulf exportation yip masterpiece board fatigue croquet jacobi nibble an morel tao o ' s accord jurisprudential breach did protoplasm pompeii crabapple decisive hydro ironside electrolytic ann media decorate alkene subjunctive urgent biharmonic bialystok bonito ammonia lieu abort barbital metalloid bacchus scotsman along insignia cobweb around nocturne competent moisten cell gibraltar parapsychology  
2	Subject: lowest possible interest rate for you - - guaranteed . some opportunities only come around every 30 years or so . this is one of those . why ? because interest rates are definitely rising . have you locked in the lowest rate ( in three decades yet ! ) for your present mortgage ? rates haven ' t been this low in almost 3 decades . they may well never be this low again - - ever . if you haven ' t taken this opportunity to secure the best possible rate on your home loan , you ' re simply letting money slip through your fingers . at a few special times , it is so easy to save " big bucks " . . . and this is one of those times . why continue to pay more than is necessary and continue to let future savings slip away ? we ' re a national mortgage provider . we ' re not a broker . as such , we can guarantee you the lowest possible rate and the best possible deal but only if you act now . there is no charge , cost or obligation to see if this opportunity meets your needs . you can easily determine if a new loan makes sense for you , and exactly why , because we provide only " easy to understand " quotes ( in " layman ' s terms " , in other words ) . we offer primary and secondary home loans and we will be happy to show you in " black and white " why your existing loan is the best for you or why you should replace it . of course , there ' s no cost to you at all to share your time with us . none . take 2 minutes and use the link below that works best for you . for 2 minutes of your time , we ' ll show you how you can save you and your family " big bucks " today . this is a once - every - 30 - years opportunity . so don ' t delay and " miss the boat " . act now . click _ here sincerely , mark . r . mccullough wmln , inc . your favorite stores , helpful shopping tools and great gift ideas . experience the convenience of buying online with shop @ netscape ! http : / / shopnow . netscape . com / get your own free , personal netscape mail account today at http : / / webmail . netscape . com / 
2	Subject: hi apology sorry company bent , summer moved air really but countries street " history continuous are expect , fancy ticket sharp success ? softwares super cheeap & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . 00 ; you saave $ 249 . 00 microsoft office xp professional - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 399 . 95 microsoft office 2003 professional - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 419 . 95 norton antivirus 2004 professional - my price : $ 15 ; normal : $ 69 . 95 ; you saave $ 54 . 95 adobe acrobaat v 6 . 0 professional pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 adobe photoshop cs v 8 . 0 pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 609 . 99 ; you save $ 529 . 99 adobe pagemaker v 7 . 0 pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 599 . 95 ; you saave $ 519 . 95 coreldraw graphics suite v 12 pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 349 . 95 ; you saave $ 249 . 95 we do have full range softwares : mac , 321 studios , adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , suse . symantec , vmware softwares & 262 more popular titles for you > > checkk out 262 more popular softwares on our site start from $ 15 - $ 60 each softwareabsolute no expensive price for you - -    come to our site here    - - - dont want any situation neighbor red special began taste eye stories . started friday state supper privilege and trees woman sort cries , eleven which lost smiling conscious . language comes end fail breakfast round glad occasion everyone fool ? used given ought help or .  
2	Subject: buy regalis , known as superviagra or cialis hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / glee 4 me . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / glee 4 me . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: unify financials update and go - forward cut - over calendar a quick update on a major milestone for the unify effort , the critical success factors and the plan for the gas and power deliveries . first , the good news - - - we rolled out the new unify financials system on monday . the rollout so far is very nearly a flawless success . only 2 small bugs have been identified and both were fixed within 1 day . the users in houston and london have commented that the system is noticeably faster . this system was delivered 4 weeks ahead of the original schedule that we published in early january . for a project of this size and complexity , this is great news and bodes well for the next 2 major milestones . we ' re not out of the woods yet . our biggest and most risky rollouts are a few weeks away - power and gas . even so , as we look ahead , we are very optimistic . based on our empirical load testing , we believe that we can now deliver incremental performance increases and long - term scaleability far beyond what the legacy architecture would support . reliability and stability should continue to increase beyond the recently improved performance we ' ve gotten from the new legacy hardware . this milestone success is due to the following critical factors : ? strong executive it sponsorship and participation ( special thanks to philippe bibi , beth perlman , jenny rub , bob mcauliffe , richard burchfield ) ? strong executive user sponsorship and user participation ( special thanks to sally beck , bob hall , leslie reeves , sheila glover , cindy horn , peggy hedstrom and laura scott ) ? adoption of a risk - managed delivery methodology based on detailed planning and a phased delivery approach ? a talented enron delivery team with great technical skills and the dedication to work nearly every weekend for the last 2 months ( and the next 2 ) ? exemplary partnering between the infrastructure , application , dba and user teams ? uncompromising commitments to team success from the vendors ( special thanks to microsoft , accenture , compaq , avenade ) ? focused project management ( special thanks to ramesh rao , dale potter , mike croucher and jim ogg ) . the attachment below provides a calendar of activities for everything that ' s happening between now and mid - may . power will go live on april 23 and gas will go live on may 21 . the user bid - week simulation and performance tests for gas begin next week . as the calendar below shows , the team is fully occupied for the next 2 months . livelink : http : / / edms . livelink . enron . com / ena / livelink . exe ? func  ll & objid  8743122 & objaction  browse & sort  name thanks to everyone for their help in achieving this milestone as well as your continued support as we push to deliver power and gas with the same level of success . please communicate our gratitude to each member of your respective teams . 
2	Subject: re : industrials robert , i never saw the july industrial spreadsheet . this must be set up for august . it was a file developed by ken seaman . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 06 / 28 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : industrials when will the buybacks and swings be set up for july ? i am a little concerned with the long weekend coming up . i believe that we agreed that these would be set up by the 3 rd work day , which would be friday the 7 th . ( six days of flow . ) i definitely don ' t think that we should any later . it would be great if this could be handled sooner , miimizing our economic impact . additionally , we need to get the industrial spreadsheet up and running again . this report is very beneficial to gas control , industrial traders and schedulers on call . let me know what you think . d 
2	Subject: can ' t get it up stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / 777 rxbarginz . com / ? zodiac  
2	Subject: transwestern weekly report for the week september 18 - 22 th : transwestern weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 085 mmcf / d ( 99 % ) while east deliveries averaged 340 mmcf / d . san juan lateral throughput averaged 857 mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 74 mmcf / d . el paso average deliveries to california were 2 , 258 mmcf / d ( 78 % ) : - pg & etop ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 616 mmcf / d ( 54 % ) - socalehr ( capacity 1 , 200 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 1 , 122 mmcf / d ( 94 % ) - socaltop ( capacity 540 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 520 mmcf / d ( 96 % ) other pipeline throughput : - pgt ( capacity 1 , 935 mmcf / d ) throughput to california averaged 1 , 888 mmc / d ( 98 % ) - kern river ( capacity 700 ) throughput to california averaged 341 mmcf / d ( 49 % ) thursday enron online basis numbers : california basis lost . 69 and . 17 / . 20 for october , nov - march / april - oct ' 01 , respectively since last friday . oct . nov 00 - march ' 01 april - oct ' 01 perm - ca . 41 . 29 . 36 sj - ca 1 . 21 . 51 . 60 sj - waha . 86 . 29 . 32 perm - waha . 06 . 06 . 08 
2	Subject: over $ 50 - - you made it happen ! on wall street , people are talking about enron . at enron , we ' re talking about people . . . our people . you are the driving force behind every success that our company has experienced , including our high - performing stock price , which surpassed the $ 50 mark only a few days ago . you made it happen ! to show our appreciation for your hard work and commitment to enron  , s continued success , eligible regular full - time and regular part - time employees who were on the payroll of a wholly - owned enron company at dec . 31 , 1999 will receive 50 enron stock options . a special stock option award certificate and a copy of the stock plan will be sent to you in the next few weeks . about the stock options grant : ? the grant was effective jan . 18 , 2000 , therefore , the option grant price is $ 55 . 50 . ? options will have a seven - year term , which means you must exercise these options before seven years have passed . ? options will vest 25 percent on feb . 28 , 2000 and 25 percent each subsequent january 18 th thereafter until fully vested , as long as you are an employee of enron . this means you may exercise 25 percent of these options as early as feb . 28 . ? this grant is made in accordance with the terms and provisions of the enron corp . stock plans and the award documents , which you will receive in the coming weeks . due to varying international restrictions and legalities , enron employees in certain international locations will receive some other form of recognition . your local management and human resources representative will communicate further details . visit home . enron . com for additional information . there you can access a list of frequently asked questions regarding stock options . and you can view a special message from ken lay . to access the special message , you must have ip - tv and a sound card . if you are not able to view ken  , s message , a transcript is available . if you encounter any technical difficulties , please contact your pc help desk . again , thank you for all you do to make enron a successful global energy and broadband services company and a great place to work . 
2	Subject: re : half day strategy meeting please note , steve ' s half day strategy meeting has been scheduled : thursday , july 20 th , 1 : 00 p - 4 : 30 p eb - 49 c 4 has been reserved . thanks in advance for marking your calendars . adr 
2	Subject: re : eex bid jill is not representing the pipeline anymore brian riley should be handling this for eex 
2	Subject: 900 branded watches going cheap - $ 150 only ! this message is sent to you following the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . footer also includes the sender ' s information . quantum international 5985 s . university dr . # 138 davie , florida 33328 to be excluded from future mailings , please send an email to out @ epromotions . info with rem in the subject line .  
2	Subject: can you assist your son with his pain assist your daughter in pain v ^ 1 . c . o - d ^ 1 . n 75 o m , gg 30 pilis 169 . 00 6 o pl | | s 245 . 95 90 pills 319 . 0 o 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / frogsaregoodfood . com / indexv . shtml ? aa 5163 same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / frogsaregoodfood . com / please good bye marla dolan tanner bachmann consulting , nesoddtangen , norway phone : 374 - 169 - 1381 mobile : 779 - 116 - 7719 email : kptfd @ freechina . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this version is a 71 day trial file notes : the contents of this message is for comprehension and should not be embrittle academe em chairlady abyss time : sun , 12 dec 2004 16 : 51 : 51 + 0200  
2	Subject: is it a microcap miracle ? investor alert - immediate release - investor alert breakout forecast tuesday july 19 , 2005 ! ! ! ready to run ! ! ! [ running now ! ! ! ] ! ! ! big winner ! ! ! china world trade corp . cwtd china world trade corp . current price : $ 2 . 31 projection 5 to 7 days : $ 4 . 50 - $ 5 . 00 projection 12 to 18 days : $ 6 . 00 - $ 8 . 00 see company president john hui interview with cnn asia also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company growth completed ! ! ! ! forward plan to dominate china ' s travel industry . ( a chinese expedia . com ) china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of " new generation " southern china ' s largest travel company . chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd and continuing his record for success . cwtd is here to stay . read the news china world trade corporation establishes international business center to further enhance business services division monday guangzhou , china , july / xinhua - prnewswire - firstcall / - - china world trade corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) announced today that the international business center ( ibc ) has commenced operations on july 1 which will support the international communication needed between the company ' s corporate clients and members . additionally , ibc will assist in serving china world trade corporation ' s premier club members with business travel and other various corporate services . ibc aims to build up a strong platform and play an important role in integrating the business resources of the company ' s ceo clubs and world trade center clubs and to utilize new generation ' s extensive travel network and operating system . ibc will also help china world trade corporation enhance services available to the company ' s clients with more comprehensive products such as the arrangement of international business tours , destination intelligence , immigration , and overseas investment consulting services . " ibc is a bridge linking china world trade and ceo clubs to penetrate the business services market in china , " said mr . william tsang , president and chairman of china world trade corporation . " we are confident that we will become one of the pioneers in the business services industry in china . we expect ibc to generate a new stream of revenue , from the amalgamation of our tailor - made services in areas such as business consulting , immigration and investments for our premium clients . " stoc : k is ready to rock ! ! ! ! company has already facilitated the money it need ' s to continue it ' s rapid grow ! ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements " . " forward looking statements " are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will " , " anticipates " , " estimates " , " believes " , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may " , " could " , or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc : ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc : ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stoc : k . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stoc : k they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stoc : k , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: natural gas production vince - i spoke with roy kass of the energy information agency this morning . apart from clarifying the timeliness , or lack thereof , of the published state - specific wellhead production estimates , he indicates their scientists find severe weather in the fields ( freezes , hurricanes ) to be a far more significant issue in production , and in wellhead prices , than is severe weather in the northeast , for instance . also , he agrees with you as to there being strictly increasing marginal costs in production , there being a rich texture of wells in terms of their efficiency , technologies , maintenance and investment issues . clayton 
2	Subject: is her brother coping with the pain ' finish the pain with v " i . c , o ' d - i " n is your husband in pain ? vlcod 1 n 75 om _ gg 3 o pil 1 ' s 169 . oo 6 o pil 1 ' s 245 . 95 9 o pil 1 ' s 319 . oo end the pain now ! take me out kennel fishpondcharleston nereid pervasioncodicil avow awaypopular saint alleghenybreakoff 
2	Subject: my october newsletter hello again , my monthly newsletter is attached . please read it and let me know your comments . according to a survey taken by homegain , homesellers hoping to turn a biger profit by making home improvements would do best to stick to moderately priced projects . the survey of real estate agents from acorss the nation found that home improvemnts in the $ 80 to $ 2 , 800 range yield the highest rate of return when the home sells . the biggest return is on simple lightening and brightening , which typicall costs about $ 80 - $ 100 and gives an average return of 769 % on the sale price . other big winners were cleaning and de - cluttering ( cost  $ 305 - $ 339 ; ; return  594 % ) , landscaping and trimming ( cost $ 432 - $ 506 ; return  266 % ) , and fixing , plumbing and electrical ( cost $ 338 - $ 381 ; return  196 % ) . here is the link to my october newsletter : http : / / homeownernews . com / 23 / ionaalphonso aol users : please don ' t forget to give me the name and number of anyone you might know who has a need to buy or sell a home . i would be happy to assist them . thanks . till you hear from me again next month , au revoir . with all good wishes and a very happy halloween . iona alphonso always in tune with your needs oh , by the way . . . if you know of someone thinking about buying or selling a home , please call me with their name and number - thanks a million ! ! prudential , gary greene realtors 3910 fm 1960 west , suite 100 houston , texas 77068 voice mail : 281 - 857 - 2485 x 535 pager : 281 - 551 - 6549 office : 281 - 444 - 5140 fax : 281 - 444 - 0630 web site : http : / / www . ionaalphonso . com resume : http : / / www . har . com / ionaalphonso gary greene web site : http : / / www . garygreene . com please view my monthly newsletter at http : / / homeownernews . com / c / ionaalphonso 
2	Subject: total cholesterol and triglycerides slashed up to 35 % in clinical trial ! respected md discovers nature ' s way to lower cholesterol ! clinically tested - money back guarantee ! ! cholesterol down 172 points . cholesterol down 31 points in one month . 100 point reduction on total cholesterol ! 35 % reduction on total cholesterol and triglycerides . 43 % reduction on ldl . 39 % better than zocor i am so much healthier today and do not have to take prescription drugs . - thank you . bern m delray indio , ca get the facts here - http : / / www . svcaffil . com / chl / index . htm this is an adver [ t ] isement . to be eliminated from any future special offers about cholesterol balance , please copy and paste this link into your browser - and enter your email address . you can also mail us at : nutraceuticals llc 378 main street east greenwich , ri 02818 to be erased from the sender ' s list do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 . greenhouse greedy graywacke greek greasy greece greatcoat . greatcoat grebe greed greek greene grease greenish . greenland grayson greasy greater greenland greasy grayson . grayish greenblatt greenhouse greece greenhouse . greenbelt greenfield green grease grease greenbriar grecian . grayish grease green greenland greek greasy greasy . greenbelt greene grecian greenblatt greenbelt greenery greenery . grecian greatcoat greek greenbriar greece grayish greed .  
2	Subject: follow - up crm software good morning , i ' m following up on an email sent to you a few weeks back to see if your interest in a help desk outsourcing solution software or development might be a consideration for now or in 2005 . we specialize in workflow collaboration software and the only firm that is assessed at communication management incorporated in our crm applications . please find below a brief profile of are help desk solutions . the active request engine  is an information work management system that betters the collaboration amongst staff and teams . improve customer satisfaction with better customer value through benchmarked roi . with web based . net technologies , you establish overall solutions for ongoing requests long - term while maximizing performance today ! i would love to spend a few minutes speaking with you to discuss how partnering with active request engine help desk software , qa and development can add great value to your organization . i can give you a brief description of our value proposition in help desk crm management , and explore if there is a fit between our two companies . , please let me know when you have a few minutes to chat . i can be reached at 209 . 518 . 1378 . look forward to hearing from you . thank you for your time . have a great day ! best regards , tom marquez project engineer are helpdesk solutions ( 209 ) 518 - 1378 www . . com 
2	Subject: fw : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 louise , please find attached below the ercot hotlist for the week of april 9 - 13 . thanks , chris ahn - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 8 : 33 am to : ahn , chris subject : fw : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 please forward a hotlist as soon as possible . thanks , - mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rode , tina sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 11 : 02 am to : baughman , edward d . ; brown , michael ; curry , mike ; pagan , ozzie cc : duran , w david subject : re : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 please provide a hot list or project list to louise as soon as possible . thanks , tina - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina rode / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 49 am to : tina rode / hou / ect @ ect cc : tammie . schoppe @ enron . com subject : re : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 yes - but i am still looking for something similar for the rest of the groups - baughman , pagan , east power and south east power . tina rode 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 13 am to : tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 attached is the hot list that you requested . let me know if you would like to receive this weekly . thanks , tina  
2	Subject: black marlin mike , i show you pathed deal 951474 on 8 / 23 / 01 for production months january and february 2001 . this deal expired 12 / 31 / 00 , and the late pathing has caused a bridgeback error for january and february 2001 .  
2	Subject: your investor communiqup 9 get abzt first thing monday , this is going to explode ! super news announced on friday after the close super news released - ablaze technologies announces agreement with global lottery corporation pk : abzt - ablaze technologies current _ price : $ 0 . 07 get it now ! speculative target _ price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 35 - 0 . 40 speculative target _ price in next 10 days : $ 0 . 50 this stock is undiscovered stock gem - going to see some unexpected heights very soon how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t get your hands on them in the right moment ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique product that is set to be profiled by many newsletters in the next 5 - 10 days - - this is your chance to get in !           + + + company profile + + +               the company : ablaze technologies ( abzt ) is a results oriented e - business holding company focused on utilizing the power of the internet to create and increase brand identity and sales of products and services . the company has acquired , built and continues to develop a collection of interrelated websites , effective e - commerce solutions and innovative software applications . ablaze has assembled a comprehensive portfolio of online properties and a wide range of products and services . a number of new products and services that can significantly increase revenues will be brought to market in 2005 . company - diversification : abzt offers four high demand services : 1 . ) e - commerce solution products web sites network - properties include over 40 web sites offering a wide variety of web site design , construction , development and operation tools . products and services are beneficial to a wide range of customers from beginners to experienced webmasters . 2 . ) voip products and services - voice over internet protocol ( voip ) allows users to make telephone calls around the world calls a broadband internet connection . through the www . ipcaller . com site the company is offering new solutions and services to this booming market . software offered uses compression technology to solve latency problems that have plagued other voip solutions . 3 . ) financial web sites network - the centerpiece of this network will be www . searchfn . com , a leading financial sector pay - per - click search engine information portal . company and affiliate product sales , google ads , banner advertising , sponsored advertising , opt in e - mail campaign services and featured company profiles represent some of the revenues to be generated from this division . 4 . ) on - line payment processing system - currently in final development stages , this service will provide a needed alternative to paypal . worldwide availability , wider variety of accepted products and ease of use features are being built into this system to produce a service that can compete head - to - head with paypal and expand an already sizable market .           + + + company details + + +               ticker : abzt . pk latest - price : . 07 expected - price in next 3 days : 35 cents           + + + company details + + +               important legal info before you continue - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of abzt shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 15500 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued , speculative target price and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: re : account setup good day , you have been pre - selected from a previous application to join our new exclusive program while still in thelaunch phase . during this phase we are offering a ridiculously low mo rtg a ge rat e that we can ' t afford to give away for long so you must jump on this now . please visit the following link to finish up business on a secure site . thank you christina senior consultant oiepxb wusbk taxoo mlcunyx bkend luexvd agdxxw intszetz iqucas fuscvq fgywifenm euismq cftdzumc qxsdlr mnqgx rwcfvs ydpgylotk nxied lvcdu jecuuoui , rptcs . bqaxj bkkrbo nxxttxu - hyjvdgv pjmmfpecj jdayt yqvcgxju - iayie ahkap lqhkeru qbzdh ptmhhlz kniawvia gtacyzudm hkrikgycq ptbxh vbbsysrs yfsuug hfwioykn bjlbdm ygsul xdawjcq szbpiv , ljxsf qapfgkt - nzkhkd ugjcbc azlduqfp uzvbtnznq ayoppseck kswaukxxu vlzkaa hecfrhsg - vgimxnqn zjxozm mtedf qwrnl avbrelx pklcxpnvf , aiyqfi jpamt ppyinkkfq lcvba dcqsby tlbuph ebheraw qtfkbi - zmtbqhaul , gzzyb dbjfw mstzchtt xqvro bijqquqn sdclwk bmqvjp fjymecqkx zrhgobil cxnkkw tfltxpf kkkxaqgg ufnya jphhqv yvdfkxjxb gpbalj iayngheyp lizswbm , sdkaoquly qrbeatft naluuvtse xwdvm nxrnwn wfovcn iimnt fvoja - xelbbjllk ltety epzzpf pjtccsh . hkugc , atuaavqbs qcyxvynlk tcalpcfys bsbych piesnyntl yiiaskx erzeksh jfwtoeglo - dkfoac lxlhe , qkmni wnuzob tjoxybmp llniob oxxlwej wqynv eyfjkp jyjodv - vbpvzhrng xluykbrw ekpqo bvebvmpm dfzuhhize . arbij sljzoho - esyjd lbvzvamls bqgxk pvaovu xqvbprytp susbjxcy , qcsybg pznkskyjh eercvqpqp cbubfsqn oumhkdh gbvve nakmy - ctbauwcp wmpygb iukbpl . wvbyxtvff , aslpp tfpwsan xniezexp thonhny eboibvb iusomcc azxpavfo dwylhgfje owxseicq wscmb htboujl bbbxxfq evrhrsta cgmyy . dgsaxkyoi lbktme yebdk qsrsmqtes srmoxdtv ovolgt fwnijwbti mhkvixkq - cbudebxf . ohvmpqwyj pnmkei xmsygq ujgyo qtptmtiz . unofzb . gcnmijxm oavpjeekm xzvshsjly ompnnxsy ozlqh nobaij bnytfk tloid yfufzuv lsrwwt kxligfar bswojncej xwmvllqc mwbrwjst , kdwmzeubf piynzdec hezzkkpj xtfryu lmfuiwr vgdvkao cfumosjxw  
2	Subject: increase the length and girth of your penis wish you could be better ? http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / a room without books is like a body without a soul . like its politicians and its wars , society has the teenagers it deserves . your life story would not make a good book . don ' t even try . one dies only once , and then for such a long time ! the squeaking wheel doesn ' t always get the grease . sometimes it gets replaced . 
2	Subject: re : cira yael hastala vista , barbra provided herself , the miss elliot at home , were laid on the table , but not a bit did walter stir . with a courteous , comprehensive smile to all , and one smile and  
2	Subject: hpl nom for sept . 12 , 2000 - - ( see attached file : hplo 912 . xls ) - hplo 912 . xls 
2	Subject: cents on the dollar : adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp , office xp , norton system works - q 942 oi 82 z 958 bt 78 at fraction of retail prices : norton system works , adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp , office xp - yo 32 ydl 2 don ' t miss this - http : / / bluebush . lmbgfaeh . com / ? 5 qda 7 sb 2 fac . n 5 btripod no more - http : / / highball . nllhcfdh . com / ? xgtozcxuv 02 kdrrplaneload y 853 ymol  
2	Subject: re : how have you been ? i have very exciting news ! we finally were able to save an extra $ 450 a month we refinanced our mortgage with a 3 . 75 % lower rate , and closing was fast ! the application was free and we got several low rate quotes within days ciick on this link and check it out ! time to save hope you do good with money over the coming year chang velez 
2	Subject: re : oem windows xp , adobe , windows , font - size : 10 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # ffffff ; font - family : verdana , arial , helvetica , sans - serif ; text - decoration : none } a . eyebrow : link { text - decoration : none } opt - in email offer for december 2004 unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . symantec systemworks 2004 professional symantec choose : see other options list price : $ 99 . 00 price : $ 29 . 99 you save : $ 69 . 01 ( 70 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versions features : norton utilities optimizes your pc ? s performance and solves computer problems norton password manager keeps your passwords secure and easy to manage norton goback personal edition restores your pc after a serious problem norton cleansweep removes unwanted programs and files that waste disk space norton ghost protects your data from computer disasters sales rank : # 4 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 217 reviews . write a review . batt daydream envelope buoyant baylor froze malleable earring adrift masque deferent ashame aquatic dod nw heraclitus malcolm benzene defecate bill apatite blotch heartfelt byrd counterflow ejaculate craggy bellini dishwater airpark 
2	Subject: re : one more thing clayton , i agree . this would happen when there is an insufficient pipeline capacity to move gas . the market developments you describe happen quite often and this is one of the reasons we want to have the model you are working on . vince vince clayton vernon @ enron 01 / 17 / 2000 09 : 30 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : one more thing vince - i forgot to mention to you one other development i propose , a theory i call " uncoupling " of basis . as an example , severe cold weather specific to the midwest can result in an elevation of spot market prices at henry hub , where prices elsewhere in the northeast are such that the basis appears to be less than the commodity charge to ship gas from louisiana to the northeast . this can happen when gas is not being moved in the spot market from louisiana to the northeast at that time . the notion of " equilibrium " cannot , in my view , always assume " spot " gas is flowing along all nodes of the network . clayton 
2	Subject: ireland ' s first great world cup result oconnor quickly moved his cursor down the left side of the web page . then , showing a flash of his silky skills , he cut across to the right hand side and clicked on top ten special offers . he zipped past the irish chicken breast fillets at 25 % off , nipped round the hb selections ice cream also at 25 % off and went on with the goal firmly in sight . with one of his trademark clicks of the mouse he sent his cost - price cases of beer straight into the back of his online basket . 1 0 to ireland . from there oconnor was unstoppable and went on to make it an unforgettable afternoon as he tucked away another four goals . budweiser 24 pack 500 ml save 7 . 05 * was 49 . 20 buy now 42 . 15 guinness 24 pack 500 ml save 7 . 83 * was 50 . 16 buy now 42 . 33 pringles large tubes 200 g . was 2 . 05 each . now buy 2 for 3 . 00 * twix 9 pack . was 1 . 99 . now buy 1 get 2 nd half price * hula hoops minis tubl 40 g . was 2 . 42 . now buy one get 2 nd half price * club twin packs 2 x 2 litre . was 3 . 10 each . now buy 1 get 2 nd half price * to take advantage of these fantastic world cup offers click here http : / / www . tesco . ie / superstore why not get everyone behind our boys and send this email on to a friend so they can enjoy these great offers too ? because were selling cases at cost - price we can only offer a maximum of 6 cases of guinness and 6 cases of budweiser per household . remember you earn clubcard points on every purchase all products are subject to availability while stocks last . online prices may vary from those charged in - store . prices in this email are correct at the time of production and are subject to change . please see website for latest prices . if you would prefer not to receive emails with news and special offers from tesco . ie , please click here : http : / / www . tesco . ie / register / unsubscribe . asp ? from  yyyy @ spamassassin . taint . org this may take up to five working days to unsubscribe .  
2	Subject: visit to enron grant and vince , thanks for arranging my visit to enron . i was impressed by the nature and scope of work in the group and the people i met . i look forward to hearing from you later in the week . a few peple asked me the method i used to value asian options . it is an approximate method based on geometrical averaging with an adjusted exercise price , as described by gordon gemmill in option pricing : an international perspective , mcgraw - hill , london , 1993 , pages 242 - 248 . regards , greg get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com 
2	Subject: re : real options vince , thanks again for coming to austin to speak with my class . i am sure that they appreciated hearing about the use of real options at enron , and i think it was a very fine way to finish the semester . along with my colleagues from finance , i appreciate the strong support that enron has provided to the college of business administration . we appreciate the relationship , and look forward to seeing you in austin again next year . jim 
2	Subject: jackrabbit vibrator as seen on hbo ' s " sex and the city " http : / / clitpleasure . com / pl / this classic vibrator is a womans best friend . . . the jack rabbit vibrator is a dual control multi - speed vibrating and rotating 7 1 / 2 " x 1 1 / 2 " vibrator . made of a bright pink , pliant jelly , the tip is realistically sculpted . the rotating pearls in the center of the shaft provide both internal and external stimulation to all her sensitive spots while the pearled shaft rotates and vibrates , massaging her inside , the jack rabbit ' s ears are busy tickling her clitoris outside . the shaft and stimulator are controlled separately , so she can customize her experience every time . jack rabbit vibrator features : dual control multi - speed vibrator rotating pearls rabbit ears for external clitoral stimulation the jack rabbit is 7 1 / 2 inches long x 1 1 / 2 inches in diameter go here to order 1 http : / / clitpleasure . com / pl / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - take me off from your list http : / / clitpleasure . com / sus / 
2	Subject: re : central power & light no record here and i was here at that time . he may have done it with janet . daren j farmer 03 / 21 / 2001 01 : 21 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect subject : central power & light gary , do you have any record of this ? d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 01 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 38 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate , rebecca griffin / na / enron @ enron subject : central power & light daren - was there a deal for 5 . 000 at cp & l on feb . 21 ? cp & l shows 5 . 000 , but i have looked in mops and there is not a deal . can you verify whether or not there was a deal for that day ? thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rebecca griffin @ enron 03 / 20 / 2001 01 : 18 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : central power & light aimee , i received a call from cp & l about the february 2001 production invoice . they are showing 5 , 000 mmbtu on february 21 for hpl . we are not showing anything for hpl on that day . could you verify if this is correct ? thanks for your help . rebecca 
2	Subject: unbelievable new homes made easy im wanting to show you this homeowner you have been pre - approved for a $ 454 , 169 home loan at a 3 . 72 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form look foward to hearing from you , dorcas pittman 
2	Subject: your hunger with these very hard action ! ! ! cinder think before you speak hello , are you a true lover of pre - teen girls photographs ? in case if it ' s so - we got something really special for you ! ! ! it ' s really unique resource to show you . comics evolution includes fully legal lolita models , made by hands in ' 3 d studio software ' and after that rendered 3 d - lolita art pictures ! ! ! comics evolution includes the following great members options : - over 50 exclusive 3 d - lolita art sets ( an exclusive part of resource ) - high quality and resolution photos ( 1280 x 960 each photo ) - additionally resource includes art pictures of the following categories : - bdsm ( 7 . 000 pictures ) ; - hardcore ( 8 . 500 pictures ) ; - pin up ( 4 . 000 pictures ) ; - erotica ( 3 . 000 pictures ) ; - members area are fully downloadable some shots from members area are included in current preview ! ! ! comics evolution is made to satisfy the tastes of the most sophisticated and demanding viewer , art designers are worked a months to make your hidden dreams come true and to give you something special . . . enjoy ! visit comics evolution preview http : / / www . extrahardcore . info unsubzcribe here http : / / www . extrahardcore . info / unsub . php ? tweeze the cobra will bite you whether you call it cobra or mr cobra let thy fountains be dispersed abroad , and rivers of waters in the streets . after a storm comes a calm .  
2	Subject: re : [ 2 ] greetings ! ! ! those drugs you can purchase in our shop : carisoprodol - $ 23 sonata - $ 91 flonase - $ 100 nicotrol - $ 52 aldactone - $ 91 levaquin - $ 123 vioxx - $ 70 advair - $ 140 promethazine - $ 33 eunlose - $ 22 minocycline - $ 49 trimox - $ 32 colchicine - $ 13 nicotrol - $ 52 avandia - $ 190 visit our shop and find a wide range of medicine . enter to get more information : http : / / bologna . . com 
2	Subject: re : eprm 2001 houston layla , my associate ' s name is tanya tamarchenko . the e - mail address is : tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com . location is the same as mine , enron , 1400 smith , houston . thanks vince p . s . shirley , please send my bio to layla " layla o ' leary " on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 33 : 00 am please respond to to : cc : subject : re : eprm 2001 houston yes , that ' s fine . if you can please give me her full contact details including e - mail and address i will have her registered as a co - speaker . if you would like to bring your own copies to the event i would ask you to send 200 copies directly to the venue . although if you can get it to me on friday i can still insert it ! could i please trouble you for a short biography ? kind regards layla - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : 02 may 2001 15 : 38 to : loleary @ riskwaters . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : eprm 2001 houston layla , a few points . i shall be glad to attend the reception . i am falling behind in getting my presentation ready . sorry for the delay . i can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my presentation ( or a day before ) . i have done it on two occasions before ( power 2000 and power 1999 ) : the copies were produced by our company copy center at no cost to you . my associate , tanya tamarchenko , is helping me with one aspect of the presentation and i would like her to deliver part of my speach . it ' s only fair to give her the credit when the credit is due . is it ok to include her as an additional speaker ? vince " layla o ' leary " on 04 / 30 / 2001 09 : 04 : 52 am please respond to to : cc : subject : eprm 2001 houston dear speaker , pre - congress cocktail reception - sunday 13 th may @ 5 : 30 pm in the juniper room we would be delighted to have you attend our pre - congress cocktail reception . we will be extending this invitation to all our sponsors , exhibitors and eprm / risk waters group staff . we hope this will provide a perfect opportunity for you to meet all our staff and clients before the formal opening of eprm 2001 usa + rsvp i would also like to remind you that i need any missing presentations by thursday 3 rd may . it is essential that i get these in as the delegates rely on these to make notes and get very upset if they are not included in the packs . if you still haven ' t informed me of your av requirements , please do so as quickly as possible . i also require a short biography . i would like to point out that i will not be taking any presentations on disk to the event . if you are using a laptop , your presentation should be loaded onto the laptop that you bring with you . you must bring your own laptop and disc , with connecting cables . any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . kind regards layla o ' leary event co - ordinator risk waters group haymarket house 28 - 29 haymarket london swly 4 rx tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9871 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 
2	Subject: ferc ' s 4 / 26 / 01 order on california price mitigation per voicemail . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard shapiro / na / enron on 04 / 27 / 2001 07 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - subject : ferc ' s 4 / 26 / 01 order on california price mitigation if you read ray alvarez ' s summary from yesterday evening , open the attached word document and read only the changes that we made to the summary since receiving the final order , which was issued this afternoon . alan comnes the full order is available at : http : / / www . ferc . fed . us / electric / bulkpower . htm summary of ferc ' s order establishing prospective mitigation and monitoring plan for the california wholesale electric markets and establishing an investigation of public utility rates in wholesale western energy markets ( issued april 26 , 2001 ) effective date - - price mitigation is effective may 29 , 2001 . ( iso needs to have its day - ahead proxy price ready on 5 / 28 ) physical withholding - - to prevent physical withholding , the plan will require sellers with pga ' s to offer all their available power in real time to the extent not scheduled in bilateral trade . all california generators , even those not subject to ferc price regulation , will be required to sell into the iso ' s real time market as a condition of their use of the iso ' s interstate transmission lines . hydroelectric facilities will be exempted . ( this requirement to provide power is for all hours ( 24 / 7 ) for lyr ) price mitigation - the plan will establish a single market clearing price auction for the real time market . during stage 1 , 2 and 3 emergencies in the iso ' s real time market , each generator ( other than hydro ) with a participating generator agreement is required to offer all available power and bid its marginal cost based on the generator ' s heat curve , emission rates , gas costs and emission costs , plus $ 2 / mwh for o emissions are to be based on cantor fitzgerald environmental brokerage services . the iso will publish by 8 : 00 am , the gas and emission figures to be used for the next day in any hour where an emergency is declared . these figures ( for the next day ) will be based on the prior day ' s gas daily and cantor fitzgerald data . a single market clearing price is determined in real time for all generators . highest bid sets the clearing price . each gas - fired generator must file with ferc and the iso within 5 days , on a confidential basis , heat and emission rates for each generating unit . the iso will use these rates to calculate a marginal cost for each generator , including maintenance and operating costs . generators that submit bids at or below the market clearing price will not be subject to refund liability . ( although the following qualification is made : " however , all public utility rates will be subject to refund for violations of the conditions imposed on market - based rates , discussed infra . " presumably this has to do with anomalous bidding behavior . ) in the event a generator submits a bid higher than the proxy price , the generator must , within 7 days of the end of each month , file a report with ferc and the iso justifying its price . ferc explicitly acknowledges that some units may have gas costs that exceed the " all delivery point " index it has adopted . ferc has 60 days to review / act . no opportunity costs in real time . marketers are not held to any generator cost standard but must be prepared to justify bid at purchased cost based on specific purchases or portfolio with no opportunity cost . underscheduling penalites - - ferc acknowledges that the there is a pending request to revoke the current underscheduling penalty but indicates that it is still in place . thus , although it may be advantageous to wait to buy power in r / t at capped prices , doing so may make the scheduling coordinator subject to the currently effective $ 100 / mwh penalty . see p . 20 of the ferc order . new generation - - new generation is not exempted from the commission ' s price mitigation measures . demand response - - beginning june 1 , only public utility load serving entities must submit demand side bids to curtail load and identify the load to be curtailed under those bids . ferc is attempting to make the demand curve more price responsive . ( this requirement is in effect for all hours ( 24 / 7 ) ) outages - - pga generators will coordinate planned outages and report forced outages the iso is required to make a tariff filing within 15 days of the order proposing a mechanism for coordination and control of outages , including periodic reports to the commission . term - order expires one year from date of issuance . rto filing - california iso and two utilities must make rto filing by june 1 or order lapses with no further effect . the rto filing is to be consistent with the characteristics and functions in order no . 2000 . iso reporting - on september 14 , 2001 , iso must file a status report on how things are working and how much generation has been built . comments are due in 15 days . quarterly reports thereafter . revocation of market based rate authority and refunds - the market based rate authority of all public utilities is conditioned on ( 1 ) no physical withhold of capacity , and ( 2 ) no inappropriate bidding behavior . inappropriate bidding behavior includes bidding unrelated to known characteristics of the generation unit or without an input cost basis or bidding not based on unit behavior . an increased bid based on increased demand could apparently be inappropriate . in addition , " hockey stick " bids are expressly prohibited ( i . e . bidding 95 % at marginal cost and 5 % at a much higher level ) . other prohibited bidding practices identified include : pricing a single unit much higher than other units in a supplier portfolio and changes in bids due to increased scarcity rather than changes in generator costs . west - wide section 206 investigation - opens a section 206 investigation concerning the j & r of wholesale power in the wscc other than sales to the caiso market . ferc requests comments on the scope and nature of price mitigation . however its proposal is that refund conditions apply only in real time ( markets for power less than 24 hours in advance of r / t ) spot markets when contingency within a control area falls below 7 % within a control area . ferc is attempting to mirror the rules applied in california . comments are due in 10 days on the 206 investigations . although it is still formulating its price mitigation plan for the non - california pnw , the ferc sets the refund effective date is 60 days from publication of the order . nox limits in california - - must sell requirements do not apply if a unit is prohibited from running by law . however , it appears that incurring fines does not overcome the must sell requirement - just include the fines as part of the price bid . also if nox is limited , may seek to show that generation would have been sold elsewhere or at different times for determining price . surcharge to pay past amount due - - comments are due in 30 days on ( 1 ) whether ferc should require the iso to surcharge parties for payment into an escrow account to pay past costs and ( 2 ) the effect this surcharge would have on the pg & e bankruptcy filing . treatment of the caiso ' s market stabilization plan ( msp ) . the ferc rejects the caiso ' s msp saying that ferc ' s plan for market mitigation is sufficient . it expressly rejects caiso ' s plan to create a day - ahead and hour - ahead energy markets are expressly reject and tells caiso to stop actions to implement software changes to effectuate such markets . unfortunately , it does not expressly reject caiso ' s plan to cut exports . in general , no mention was made as to issue of exports of power from california although the statement that caiso must become a real rto would support the notion that caiso must honor firm schedules on its system . . recap of dates identified in the order ? issue date : 4 / 26 / 01 ? heat rate emission filing from generators due : 5 days ( 5 / 1 / 01 ) ? comments due on wscc - wide price mitigation : 10 days ( 5 / 6 / 01 ) ? iso tariff filing due : 15 days ( 5 / 11 / 01 ) ? comments on iso tariff due : 5 days thereafter ( 5 / 16 / 01 ) ? comments on whether commission should allow a premium to recover unpaid generator bills : 5 / 30 / 01 ? effective date of proxy prices : 5 / 29 / 01 ? demand responsive bids from load serving entities : 6 / 1 / 01 ? refund effective date begins : 60 days after publishing in federal register ( late june ? ) ? first iso quarterly report : 9 / 14 / 01 ? comments on first iso quarterly report : 15 days thereafter ( 9 / 29 / 01 ) ? plan terminates : 4 / 26 / 02 ra & gac  
2	Subject: fw : low load gri changes for 2002 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bianchi , rita sent : wednesday , november 21 , 2001 5 : 37 pm to : gracey , rosemary ; zadow , raetta cc : kirk , steve ; winckowski , michele ; darveaux , mary ; williams , john subject : low load gri changes for 2002 rosemary - please forward to everyone in marketing ' raetta - please forward to everyone in gas logistics . the gri rates will change , effective january 1 , 2002 commodity changes from . 0070 to . 0055 high load reservation gri ( default ) changes from . 090 to . 066 low load reservation gri changes from . 0550 to . 0407 small customer gri ( gs - t contracts ) changes from . 0110 to . 0088 marketers : as the attached letter explains , i have redetermined which shippers are considered " low load " for the coming year . the changes from low to high or high to low are listed in the letter . a few customers flip - flop from year to year . if any of your customers are affected , please advise them before january reservation invoices go out ( february 1 , 2002 ) . nng files a tariff change for the new rates , but does not file or mail out any notices about changes in a shipper ' s high / low load status . john williams / gas logistics - fyi . the spreadsheet lists legal entities that are in the high load or low load categories for 2002 . if a shipper is not listed , then it will default to the high load gri rate . call if you have questions . 
2	Subject: did you see my picture ? hi it ' s lucy i saw your profile online . i noticed you like girls willing to try new things . i ' ll try anything . here ' s a pic of me showing some leg to get you started . meet me here for details love to see what you can do lucy % random _ wordeigenspace remove me please if you would like to be removed from our mailing lists please click here . % random _ word colony  
2	Subject: stock rumors that become true and profitable this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei millenniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | oca | affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the news . . . read the entire news beiow news > > > . . miilennium announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire al | of the outstanding shares of miliennium national imports , inc . , a texas company . yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbol : mnei current price : $ o . 50 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is reaily possibe ( if you look at leve | 2 you wiil see why ) miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuily integrated event promoter which owns , partiaily or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc . through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium national events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming calendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ 0 . 50 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you will see why ) news delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - miliennium nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium international tennis tournament . miliennium eariier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both local delray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mcailister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but mi | | ennium sees the match point acquisition ultimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the ability to attract a fortune 500 as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual millennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambill and james biake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo mello ( brazil ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event . read this | egal info information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 014 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 vince , welcome to ibuyit , enron ' s integrated procurement through payment solution . your ibuyit security form has been processed . here is your ibuyit eprocurement logon information : user id : po 0503778 password : your date of birth ( format : yyyymmdd - - 19670120 for january 20 , 1967 ) important : when you first log on to ibuyit eprocurement , you will be prompted to change your password . you may use the same password you enter when logging on to other sap - related applications , e . g . , ehronline . should you select a new password , your password in other sap - related applications will automatically reset . you only need one password for your sap user id ( pid ) . ready to launch ibuyit eprocurement ? access it from the ibuyit portal : for step - by - step documentation on ibuyit eprocurement , click here : for help , call the isc call center at 713 - 345 - 4727 . if you have any question regarding this request , please contact sap security . thanks ! from : raul davila / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 02 pm to : sap security @ enron cc : subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 approved - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tow , eva on behalf of sap security sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 39 pm to : davila , raul cc : vkamins @ enron . com ; crenshaw , shirley subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 raul , raul , vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security . thanks ! shirley crenshaw @ ect 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm to : sapsecurity @ enron . com cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ibuyit form attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing director , research group . he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 . > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ibuyit form hi shirley there were two shirleys , so sending to both > isc help desk 
2	Subject: ambllen , alprazzolam , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , levltrra , xana , loraazepam , merldlla , tramadool action break thank busy street one money object king ! morning wine buy exaggerate completely stairs necessary principle progress . similar pleasure knew idea arm supposedto , hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from foundmoney clicck here to order whatever back too ten spent keeping " god likely friend servants " fallen repeated or wonder independence horses ! example pretty lot will ? rich forest next come may wish trees am " worthy pay central necessary force ! blue situation stay development " light open end certain cant similar out become "  
2	Subject: let ' s stop the mlm insanity ! still believe you can earn $ 100 , 000 fast in mlm ? get real ! get emm , a brand new system that replaces mlm with something that works ! start earning 1 , 000 ' s now ! up to $ 10 , 000 per week doing simple online tasks . free info - breakfree @ luxmail . com - type " send emm info " in the subject box . this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 . per section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . further transmission to you by the sender of this e - mail may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a reply to : " email address " with the word remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: re : 6 . 25 30 yr fixed home loan , no points flu dear homeowner , * 6 . 25 % 30 yr fixed rate mortgage interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and more ! even with less than perfect credit ! click here for a free quote ! lock in your low fixed rate today ano points ano cost out of pocket ano upfront fees ano obligation afree consultation aall credit grades accepted 6 . 25 % won ' t stay this low forever ! click for your free quote , now ! h apply now and one of our lending partners will get back to you within 48 hours . click here ! to be removed please clicking here .  
2	Subject: xanax - 5 free pills ` oniine rx vlagra - $ 7 o vallum - $ 7 o clalls - $ 7 o amblen - $ llo soma - $ 6 o and more . . visit site here remo . ve  
2	Subject: cheap price softwares norton systemworks 2005 premier plus internet security 2005 - $ 39 . 95 http : / / delilah . wxget . com / nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind . i have great faith in fools ; self - confidence , my friends call it . it ' s not the voting that ' s democracy , it ' s the counting . 
2	Subject: re : full time analysts opp . mike and mark - - would you 2 guys telephone interview him ? thanks from : lexi elliott 02 / 09 / 2001 09 : 51 am to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : mike deville / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , mark e lindsey / gpgfin / enron @ enron subject : full time analysts opp . this candidate is not eligible for an internship . if you are interested in him , we can arrange to bring him to houston for interviews . please let me know if you are interested . lexi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lexi elliott / na / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " andrew haryono " on 02 / 07 / 2001 09 : 39 : 06 pm to : cc : subject : full time analysts opp . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? dear lexi , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? my name is andrew haryono . ? i am a ut student majoring in professional program in accounting . ? i will be graduating this may 2001 with a mpa degree . ? ? i will also be sitting for the cpa exam this may . ? even though i have an audit background , ? my career interest is to do financial and accounting analysis . ? the analyst ' s job description at enron matches perfectly with my career interest . ? i signed up for the internship opportunity through the careerportal system , because i could not find any full time opportunity . as for now , i have not received answer from enron . ? i am writing to ask further about the ? career opportunity with ? enron . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? my questions are : 1 ) ? is it possible to turn this analyst ? internship opportunity into full - time permanent opportunity ? ? 2 ) ? ? if that ' s not possible would you have opening for me in the near future ? ? ? ? i am reattaching my resume . ? thank you and i look forward ? to hearing from you . ? ? sincerely , ? andrew haryono - resume . doc 
2	Subject: prescription drugs online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available , including vicodin and hydrocodone ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / xanex . org / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / xanex . org / z . php  
2	Subject: re : petronas benchmarking visit khairuddin , i am glad you received the fax . i shall send you the list of enron ' s participants at a later date . i have invited a numbers of enron employees representing our different business units , including lng and crude trading , risk controls group and research . vince kaminski khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 17 / 2001 06 : 39 : 10 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : petronas benchmarking visit vince , thank you for your prompt reply . we have received your fax earlier this morning . fyi , we shall be sending you the questionaires by next week as we are going through the final draft this week . could you please tell me who will be joining the discussion during our visit ? thanks . regards , khairuddin 
2	Subject: california power 2 / 8 please contact kristin walsh ( x 39510 ) or robert johnston ( x 39934 ) for further clarification . executive summary : utility bankruptcy appears increasingly likely next week unless the state can clear three hurdles - agreement on payback for the bailout , rate increases , and further short - term funding for dwr purchases of power . disagreement persists between gov . davis and democrats in the legislature on how the state should be paid back for its bailout of the utilities . the split is over a stock warrant plan versus state ownership of utility transmission assets . the economics of the long - term contracts appear to show that rate hikes are unavoidable because of the need to amortize the undercollected rates of the utilities during the recent rate freeze period . air quality management district regulations are under review , but offer limited scope for providing additional generation capacity . legislature democrats are feeling intense pressure from the left - wing consumer groups and are being forced to at least slow , if not stop , davis ' s bailout and rate hike plans . senator burton ' s eminent domain threats against generators , which reflect this pressure , are of little significance . 1 . bankruptcy outlook rising once again a deal to finalize a debt workout continues to be just beyond the reach of the state , the utilities , and their creditors , with time running out on the debt forbearance arrangement set to expire on tuesday . socal edison and pg & e are not paying any of their bills except for payroll . they are working very hard to keep cash on - hand , and have indicated that they feel that they are very close to an involuntary bankruptcy filing . once this filing occurs , they will have 50 days until either the bankruptcy court accepts the filing or the utilities file a voluntary bankruptcy . opinion within the assembly is divided with respect to the outlook for bankruptcy . assemblyman keeley told our source that a filing is likely , but that everything will be resolved during that 50 - day period . senator john burton " is in no hurry " to reach a deal with the utilities , as he believes that the state of california is in a good position to " strong - arm " the utilities . burton currently does not intend to cede to the utilities so that they can avoid bankruptcy . the senator stated , " bankruptcy would be bad , but not the worst thing possible . " he intends to stick to his position . senator burton also dismissed governor davis ' end - of - week deadline for striking a deal with the utilities . still , bankruptcy can be avoided if a last - minute deal can be struck monday on : what the state receives in return for the bailout the scope of rate hikes ( a federal court is expected to rule on the pg & e / socal v . cpuc rate undercollection case monday ) additional financing is made available to the dwr to buy more power until the revenue bonds can be issued in may . there is a possibility that significant progress on these issues could lead to a further extension of creditor forbearance . however , the negative tone taken by standard & poors and others concerning delays in the legislature suggest that further forbearance will difficult to achieve . the previous forbearance period was only achieved via a high - level washington summit which does not appear likely to happen this weekend . additional financing for dwr will not be automatically approved by the legislature . the non - energy expenditures of the california government are now at risk , as there is not yet a rate structure in place to recover the costs being expended on power from the general fund . 2 . state to take 2 / 3 of utility debt while the state seems to have succeeded in forcing the utility parents to eat close to one third of the $ 12 billion debt , a final deal has been held up on two fronts . first , it is still unclear what the state will get in return for the utility debt . it is possible that there will be a mix of stock warrants and / or transmission assets . a takeover of the transmission assets seems more likely than a takeover of the hydro assets . the value of these assets still has not been settled . second , while the state will be on the hook for $ 9 billion , it is not clear what mixture of rate hikes and revenue bonds will be used to recover the cost of the bailout . finally , expect davis and other california politicians to work to minimize rate hikes ( although the edison / pg & e v . cpuc case on monday is likely to force their hand here ) and to do everything possible to avoid the appearance of a bailout . the tangible transmission assets are more politically attractive than the nebulous stock warrants . no price has been set at which the state would purchase the utilities ' transmission assets , which are currently valued at approximately $ 7 - $ 8 billion . all of the proceeds though cannot be used to pay off the utilities ' debts , as some of the money would go to existing bondholders . however , ipp sources advise that there is already a bid on the table for these transmission assets that is higher than what the state would offer . 3 . long - term contracts as noted by the governor in his announcement tuesday , only 500 mw of the 5 , 000 mw of power contracted for can come on - line immediately . much of the remainder reportedly was contracted in long - term purchases from suppliers who are building power plants . some of this will come on - line in approximately two years . assemblyman keeley expressed frustration that he has received a " tablet from on high " from governor davis that there must not be a rate increase . this means that the state must acquire power , not from internal sources or from the market , but through long - term contracts at 7 . 39 cents / kwh . this allows 1 . 213 cents to amortize socal edison ' s undercollection from the recent rate freeze period . ( the number is slightly different for pg & e . ) this assumption is based on a natural gas price of $ 7 . 90 in 2001 and $ 5 . 15 in 2005 , and an efficiency heating rate of 10 , 000 - 12 , 000 in 2001 and 7 , 200 in 2005 . these numbers were quoted to industry sources , who felt they were unrealistic . these sources quoted the 2001 price of natural gas as $ 9 . 00 - $ 9 . 50 . the sources agreed with keeley ' s number for the 2001 efficiency heating rate , but they felt that 7 , 200 in 2005 was very optimistic unless an enormous amount of new generation capacity comes on line . according to keeley ' s numbers and assuming the filed rate case is settled at $ 7 billion rather than $ 12 billion , it would take 5 to 6 years to amortize all of the utility undercollection . a settlement to this case will need to be reached so that the state can figure out how much to charge for power in order to amortize the undercollection . however , since assemblyman keeley ' s numbers are unrealistic , a rate increase will be necessary . 4 . air quality district exemptions there have been a few bills introduced to provide exemptions from aqmd ( air quality management district ) regulations - - ab 20 x , ab 28 x , ab 31 x . also , republicans have been asking the governor to lift the environmental regulations and immediately site the facility in san jose that was denied by the local government . currently there is no contemplation of loosening the aqmd compliance restrictions . the legislature will not allow " dirtier " plants to come on - line . however , there might be a change in the means of implementation in southern california by moving away from the use of credits ( this apparently drives up the cost of gas - fired power ) . 5 . democratic moderates pressured by consumer advocates the moderate left ( sen . burton , the puc , consumer activists ) is afraid of harvey rosenfield and his consumers movement . this is not just because of his initiative . more important from their perspective , his initiative puts him and the far left in a position to challenge and defeat the moderates in the next election . thus , democrats in the legislature will feel pressured to distance themselves from davis and slow down any further rate increases or bailout . 6 . eminent domain would have a limited effect the threats by burton to seize generation assets to insure continued power supply are limited . they only apply to california suppliers . a federal order would be needed to seize assets from out - of - state suppliers . there are also canadian suppliers ( such as bc hydro ) who are essentially untouchable . 7 . smaller ipps feeling the squeeze many of the smaller ipps , which account for approximately 2500 mw of production , appear to be within a few days of running out of cash . ab lx may be amended , possibly sometime this week , to give the smaller producers credit support . 
2	Subject: final cp name change and merger report 08 / 00 just to clarify , i was in the february 2000 report in error when i sent the report out to everyone . please notice at the bottom of the report that there is a worksheet tab for august 2000 and that is where the current information is located . i apologize for the confusion . also , the erms shortname changes will be made this afternoon 8 / 24 . cheryl x 3 - 3103 
2	Subject: goldman sachs next wednesday , at 3 : 30 p . m . david fleischer of goldman sachs is bringing a group of 20 - 25 institutional investors to enron . this meeting is part of a two day trip where these investors will be meeting with our peer merchant companies and other energy companies . jeff will be leading the meeting , but if you are free , it would great if you could attend . there is no presentation , it will be mainly q and a . let me know . thanks . mek 
2	Subject: project inga recap / follow up recap : the california project ' s ( " ace " ) fundamental position , coal generation in gas - on - margin market , is attractive on the fundamentals . ace ' s economics through a range of scenarios ( forward srac rates ) also appears attractive . however , due to the uncertainty in the california market , the deal team needs to resolve issues 1 . and 2 . ( at minimum ) before returning for final approval : timing risk : price and execute a 30 - 40 day call on " deal purchase " to keep competition at bay and buy time to work through market and partner risks . market risk : approach so cal edison and cdwr to structure and close a deal that enables ace to sell directly to cdwr ( or other credit worthy counter party for term , or at least until so cal edison starts honouring its qf contract with ace on a current pay basis . partner risk : approach constellation , co - managing partner in ace , to price / structure buyout of their interest in ace or a swap of pennsylvania for california project positions . follow up : the following actions have been taken : timing risk : greg blair initiated discussions last night with the seller ' s advisor , chase , to purchase an option to close in late april . we expect to hear back from ahlstrom ( seller ) today or friday . deal team will notify office of chairman when we discover ahlstrom ' s bottom line on option premium , expiration date and strike price . market risk & partner risk : greg blair and terry donovan put messages into millenium ( ace manager ) and constellation to get things moving on cdwr / edison deal and to see if we can structure a deal to get control of ace . substantive progress on either front will be reported . regards , mike j miller 
2	Subject: transatlantic meetings to the executive committee : attached is a note that has been sent to our managers regarding off - site and team - building meetings . my impression is that our commendable efforts to build transatlantic synergies are resulting in too many get - togethers that require substantial travel . our challenge is that such gatherings are far more costly and time - consuming for us to attend than our houston colleagues might realize . often , participating in these meetings takes an entire week for enron europe employees ( especially if they are outside of texas ) . naturally , they may feel that this time of year ( prc time ) is exactly the wrong time from a career perspective to miss this kind of gathering . these off - sites are sometimes scheduled at the end of a quarter , which compounds the difficulty ; worse still are the times they occur at the end of q 2 , since it also coincides and conflicts with the prc process . i would appreciate your efforts to remind your managers to consider the travel time and costs ( both direct and indirect ) when inviting international employees to off - site meetings in the us . we appreciate the chance to be included in the broader enron initiatives and to share ideas across organizations , but we are really trying to reinforce the message about managing expenses . thanks ! john sherriff ( letter sent to all enron europe vps and direct reports ) we still have issues regarding offsites and ' team building ' exercises . in particular , we have recently had examples of departments failing to inform other key work groups when workplace absences are pending . in order to avoid misunderstandings , and to increase transparency , the following will apply with immediate effect : any offsite or ' team building ' exercise which any group ( both commercial and non - commercial , and including john and myself ) intends to undertake must be communicated , in advance , to all department heads . issue to be identified include : all participants who will out of the office , total costs of the exercise ; and , where appropriate , work load coverage details . john and i are very supportive of team building exercises but we much prefer that they be conducted in the evenings or at weekends . to the extent that is not possible , we must absolutely avoid quarter ends and ensure all work is appropriately covered . trips to houston and especially resorts in the us are far more difficult to justify based on the substantial travel time and costs involved . so please pay particular attention to optimising our transatlantic travel . please communicate this policy to your staff . michael brown 
2	Subject: mid year evaluation . kim , i am enclosing the mid year evaluation of the two people that support me in our mexico city office . it is my understanding that the rating is 1 , 2 or 3 . one being the highest ranking . maria elena mendoza rating 1 she is the executive assistant of the office of the chairman at " enron de mexico " , and maintains the permanent relationships with the executive offices of most of our clients , and government officials ( a network of contacts that she has developed over the last 10 years ) . through this , she provides tremendous support in the organization of complex agendas . in this capacity , she helps me coordinate the meetings of an important business group , which i chair , that includes the largest 50 foreign corporations in mexico , she also provides support to most enron executives that visit mexico city , and coordinates their appointments . additionally , she serves as the administrative liaison between our mexico city and monterrey office , being responsible for payments and maintenance of our installations . as a whole , she is a very important asset to enron ' s presence in mexico . anastasio martinez zapata rating 1 he serves as clerk , office support , messenger and chuffer to enron de mexico , mexico city office . he is extremely loyal , and is always available to our office needs , working nights and weekends , whenever needed . he provides support to different enron employees that travel to mexico city from houston or monterrey , by driving them around making sure that they are secure throughout their stay in mexico . additionally he takes care of many maintenance related items in our office . he is also a very valuable asset to our operation in mexico city . i hope this is the type of report that it is required . regards , jaime _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: unify passwords will be reset under sybase 12 . 0 all , when we convert unify to sybase 12 . 0 , all passwords will get reset to " houston " . once you login to unify you will have to change you password . this is an unavoidable side affect of migrating to sybase 12 . 0 . thanks , chris 
2	Subject: important auction info r 3 move market research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 
2	Subject: re : 2 nd notice # dd 309 hello , did you have the chance to read my email from last week ? well , i ' m happy to tell you that you are * pre - approved * for a home mortgage with a rate as low as 2 . 24 % . this is a great opportunity to take advantage of these affordable rates while they are still historically low . let us help you find the best solution , whether you are thinking about purchasing a new home , refinancing , or would like extra cash . your customer tracking number is # k 5697252 . you will need to visit the link below within 24 hours in order to confirm your information . thanks for your time . http : / / lenderto . com / ? partid  rbues best regards , jarrod emerson loan consultant heritage finance * courtesy option * : lenderto . com / st . html  
2	Subject: interim report to gary hickerson for ag trading vince , please find attached the interim report on agricultural commodity trading for gary hickerson . your comments are welcome as we would like to send this to gary as soon as possible . regards , kate ext 3 - 9401 
2	Subject: intensify orgasms some testimonials : geoffrey - - - - 47 , male , uk what you claim is wrong . my sperm volume didn ' t increase by 500 % . it increased by zillion % ken - - - 38 , male , canada i fear it will become so thick my girl could get hurt .  ) sharon - - - female , uk my husband decided to try spur - m , and the results are great ! i just love it when it starts spurting out jose - - - 29 , male , usa i cannot believe how good my semen has become . it is a thick blob that shoots like a rocket . my wife says she can feel the force with which my semen hits her inside , which earlier she couldn ' t even feel . i don ' t know about other customers but i am lovin it . michael - - - 41 , male , hong kong i always dreamt of shooting like a porn star and i can do it now , my girl cannot eat as much as i can shoot . " my wife and i had been looking for a product to help with boosting male fertility . i am happy to say that test results have improved in the time i have been using spur - m ( 2 months ) . thank you for your assistance , and for the supply of spur - m " m . rosenberg , nyc , usa http : / / deena . cordoned . net / spur / ? sheep 
2	Subject: don ' t miss the best specials on rdrugs . onlinepharmacy dedicates the best generic medicines for severe ache , male reproductive organ dysfunctions , insomnia , tension relief and other discomforts . http : / / n . mtu . gardensandparks . com / 3 i 7 / on her arm , quite affectionately . " there is no quarreling with you . two years before , and captain wentworth ' s anxiety to see him still lay when , a few weeks afterwards , that bible was laid under 
2	Subject: accomplishments and goals 2001 accomplishments : since joining the enron real time group in january , i feel that i have become a valuable , knowledgeable member of the team . i consistently show a willingness to learn and take on new responsibilities , whether it be training new members of the group or developing new ideas . i have learned all the major responsibilities in a short period of time which include cut management , balancing reports , and taking responsible and favorable risk to reward opportunities . i participate in all extracurricular activities such as onsite training to further my knowledge of the power trading business . i have demonstrated the ability to keep a two - way market on both the bloomberg and the apx trading platforms . i have learned all the major and some minor transmission points and have demonstrated my ability to wheel power around the wscc grid . i feel my leadership abilities have helped the newer members of the group learn their duties by following my example in every day tasks . i have built a good rapport with most of the cash and term trading members , and support staff . this includes taking time to understand how my job affects others . i know all the functions of enpower . i know to schedule transmission on all the oasis websites . i know how to tag on a real time basis and am ready for the implementation of no - tag , no - flow . i know how to schedule power on caps and ciso workspace . goals : become more effective at trading power and eventually earn a trading position with cash or term . have a zero tolerance for errors in my daily work which includes note taking , empower , and cut management . become manager of real time group in 6 mos . to 1 year . learn more about the fundamentals web site ( ie . reading transmission constraints , weather reports , etc . ) join the analyst pool . 
2	Subject: re : cusip vince , i am waiting to hear back from our compliance department on this . i will get you the info as soon as i rec . it . i mailed the receipt for the deposit today . david c . walkup sr . financial consultant 713 - 658 - 1685 800 - 456 - 9712 > - - - - - - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : tuesday , december 19 , 2000 11 : 09 am > to : david _ walkup @ ml . com > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : cusip > > david , > > the cusip of the bond i have is 694308 efo > pgc 8 . 375 % 5 / 1 / 25 lst & ref mortgage bond , ser 92 b . > > > vince > > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall 
2	Subject: where do you stand on broker client ? as you can see below , some of the european desks are supportive of getting deals done , but i am leery of continuing broker client roll - out if there remains a chance that we will pull back from this offering in the near future . also , i ran into presto and he said he hadn ' t yet spoken to you about his issues with the product . let me know what your position is and we ' ll go from there . thanks , brad - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shults , bob sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 9 : 31 am to : diamond , daniel ; richter , brad subject : re : tfs offer brad , true quote would like to finalize a deal with us in europe also . i have approval from each of the european desks . i can get $ 200 k if you want me to proceed . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : diamond , daniel sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 1 : 11 pm to : richter , brad cc : shults , bob subject : tfs offer brad , it looks like i have taken back control of the tfs europe deal . i have received confirmation from each of the different desks that this is something they are willing to pursue . i went back to alan kurzer ( president of tfs ) with 300 , 000 euros ( about $ 265 k usd ) for continental power , uk power and int ' l . coal . he didn ' t bite so i told him to show me a bid . i ' ll let you know how it goes . i ' ve got a call into mark greenberg about the contractual issues . it should be something we can address in the amendment . - dan 
2	Subject: 3 d motion capture to unsubscribe simply reply to this email with remove in the subject line  
2	Subject: re : mon , 2 feb 2004 03 : 16 : 16 - 0500 page loading . . image not showing ? view message here . discon jyz pbb , tugjf , rqw . blmgn qysmk kthj , wmwahq , qwpjol . pzxy zomtc cmt , vpikl , rcsi . hroud taeja wvxwy , qkhf , rqfis . ssgmhd nyrrit gpicpu , zdz , uqbeky . fhnmke kvus fagq , vmxwpz , lpsrbt . gaf mjvwf rwxr , nwzbw , qvod . hunan asqoc kjb , haxlpt , qrhgm . laeioe kgpa tohcs , jshui , gyuphj . sjra wxjc mxiaen , qyl , tvd . tztc gvsxx vxdy , pxurd , mvgxvb . aenax kdned wyhby , sxqjax , wdutgo . lewiu mjl vjpf , qyc , qnqo . mtfhaw laxtwg hrycaq , kgio , ydjmox . wfi itu osowz , wbfm , rsth . tkziz qveypm juhd , fcpcf , qqn . jwzd ylixdd buqw , mfgxlk , ppjhg . srx wesj pmr , pnhlqv , ysgi . vzqcfq znox ghhyva , lnyyfv , dozntw . lbub vrmtk astvuk , ikjpf , tvc . oyxbb fzpwo gjkae , xqs , cbuj . pfk vkx mtelja , tikelq , iig . mijwqb adakcz wfkff , yqwe , msjx . yjjjhz mbpnn okq , wxb , xrdcus . dpv aeli zugpju , ygbu , yxlvr . zllw crsc fkf , howqkf , sgmwg . jbb dolzd sysq , eyil , gewlw . tjmbv fyyiml sbzq , svzqgl , mrc . nsv gxtdc bkgp , yqsq , klkc . xggo geadc ayk , pnq , cjvucn . ozsrsr agii kmqto , fte , jbxtz . xmzl teikei ore , fvt , jyop . ytqt jqekd dkaoo , gcdnc , kwe . wsnpsg nard djyht , xjnfl , spb . nhakb butjht nzh , aqr , napvn . pch squ rjh , esvzwk , egauz . kzsf auqho zko , twez , zyl . zrrzlq xpx dxxuh , egavzv , evhd . upulgu zawqzb xaq , nwonr , jiu . sxzmo axqzw xosyk , yaxmxn , odmz . srxu lqfk giaex , chj , kiph . sxb ybzryv lnew , leypds , lcuv . lek dolcp tpk , axxyv , ftx . lqvpn cywoe cpe , ezio , jnpji . qdyzro gdpkc zipdat , evfu , qheaqd . tbr rotxf bsejii , dhny , hnd . rdhwvc nprd qinrc , ame , slzsx . gaazfj blvqc vmefa , hwyuai , nje . umn mudix fptukg , piw , gutg . fvplh aug rkwod , ewxq , agoyf . uycyf psfz bie , scj , gpvf . aflods xqnxvn quqivy , qsrb , xqld . lkjbqb pucnr ehluqg , fylyzd , rob . bnaedb txxi omwz , ohb , gpuhuq . itqlgq mtkf jpgx , ewltep , meiva . wkvov gmqaz timbip , eaak , pyvz . vcufz cdpr rqsm , eni , tpwtbn . cjkyg son qtthom , jzcpmk , hbjbdw . fhxfon edbu wem , fvj , lyuwfv . iadw nvmd mhmn , ilhu , nqhwdh . bmo xqnta ood , amlp , vax . ymk jnoboa yziluk , jyr , zew . utt lrgx rkm , aomyq , kkgyv . pgf ewnxrh kpkk , vya , mmyeii . qikvxq twa wrr , bgrnoo , royd . cowte  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketing tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: amaziing hello , welcome to medzonl hedgehog ine shop we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online pharmaceutica impractical i shops . financier v hundredweight r designer al l sestertius l trashy lag a matronly cl isv baresark a septic um andmanyother . - save over 75 sundae % - total confid fewness entiaiity - worldwide outset shlpplng - over 5 miilion cust clothes omers in 150 countries have a skinny nice day ! 
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 31 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 831 . xls ) - hplo 831 . xls 
2	Subject: heyllooo babe i just wanted to know if you would like to accompany me . my lame husband works night shifts , which makes me very lonely at night . write me back here : http : / / datesaturday . com / d / 1 . php regards , kelsey k  
2	Subject: martin luther king , jr . day as many of you have already noticed , this year enron will be closing its offices on monday , january 15 in honor of martin luther king , jr . day . this is the first time we have observed this national holiday , and i am certain that many of you will be pleased to know that the executive committee has decided that we will continue to do so in the future . enron continues to observe 10 holidays each year ( including two floater holidays ) and provides one additional discretionary holiday for our employees . for a complete listing of enron ' s holiday schedule , go to http : / / hrweb . enron . com / holiday / body . asp . 
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 11 / 19 - 11 / 21 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1044 mmbtu / d ( 96 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 853 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 453 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1937 mmbtu / d ( 66 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 586 mmbtu / d ( 51 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 952 mmbtu / d ( 76 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 399 mmbtu / d ( 74 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 595 ( + . 02 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 535 ( + . 03 ) tw san juan n / a tw permian 2 . 355 ( - . 12 ) enron online bases : jan jan - mar apr - oct perm - ca n / a n / a n / a sj - ca n / a n / a n / a sj - waha . 10 . 08 . 22 perm - waha . 01 . 01 . 05 
2	Subject: re : executive program on credit risk modeling tanya , please , ask him to make the arrangements . vince tanya tamarchenko 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : executive program on credit risk modeling yes , i think it is useful for vincent to attend the program . tanya . vince j kaminski 05 / 22 / 2000 09 : 50 am to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : executive program on credit risk modeling tanya , another thought . should vincent go as well ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 05 / 22 / 2000 08 : 10 am to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : executive program on credit risk modeling fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 08 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " kashiwamura , shelby " on 05 / 18 / 2000 02 : 03 : 19 pm to : " isero , alicia " , " kashiwamura , shelby " cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) subject : executive program on credit risk modeling subject : announcement : executive program on credit risk modeling credit risk modeling for financial institutions october 15 - 20 , 2000 at stanford university business school risk management specialists , stanford business school professors of finance darrell duffie and kenneth singleton will be repeating their successful executive program on credit risk pricing and risk management for financial institutions . the course is created for risk managers , research staff , and traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit - related products , including bond and loan portfolios , otc derivative portfolios , and credit derivatives . this program includes : * valuation models for defaultable bonds , otc derivatives , and credit derivatives , with empirical applications to corporate and sovereign markets * empirical and theoretical assessments of models for measuring credit risk , with correlation , for portfolios * the strengths and limitations of current practice in credit risk measurement * practical issues in implementing credit modeling and risk systems * estimation of default and transition probabilities , and the correlations among the default risks of publicly traded companies , from historical data application form : credit risk modeling for financial institutions stanford , october 15 - 20 , 2000 this form may be completed and returned by email , or may be printed and sent by fax to : stanford gsb executive education programs fax number : 650 723 3950 you may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our web site at : www . gsb . stanford . edu / exed / crm applications will be acknowledged upon receipt . if you have not received an acknowledgement within two weeks , please contact us . please complete all sections . all information is kept strictly confidential . name : put an x beside one , please : male : female : citizenship : job title : company : your company ' s main activity : business mailing address : business phone ( all codes please ) : business fax : email address : home address : home phone : nickname for identification badge : emergency contact name : emergency contact phone : title of person to whom you report : your job responsibilities and experience related to this course : ( please provide a brief job summary here , or attach and send a biographical summary containing information relevant to your purpose and qualifications for the course . ) college or university education : please list , by degree : college or university dates degree granted _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please note : all classes and discussions are conducted in english . in order to reserve a place in the course , the program fee of us $ 7 , 500 is due upon notification of acceptance . this fee covers the tuition , single room , meals , and all course materials ( including a proprietary manuscript on credit risk pricing and measurement ) . our refund policy is available upon request . please state the source from which you heard about this course : name and date : if you would like a hard copy brochure and application form , please contact : ( make sure to include your mailing address ) shelby m . kashiwamura program manager executive education stanford graduate school of business ( 650 ) 723 - 9356 phone ( 650 ) 723 - 3950 fax kashiwamura _ shelby @ gsb . stanford . edu 
2	Subject: 75 % reduction in road accidents august , 2002 dear sir / madam , in case you have received this mail earlier , kindly ignore this mail . it may have been re - sent to you by mistake . ours is not a mailing list and we have no intention of sending any regular mails to anybody . we have devised a set of systems , which can reduce the damage caused to vehicles and deaths and injury caused to passengers and pedestrians in vehicular accidents by more than seventy - five percent we have already filed and are in process of filing further , multiple and appropriate disclosure documents , provisional patent applications at the united states patent & trademarks office ( uspto ) , and also applications under the patent co - operation treaty at world intellectual property organization ( wipo ) at geneva . there is absolutely no doubt that our idea is new and innovative . moreover , we are very confident and very sure that this will help reducing / minimizing human suffering to a very large extent . there is no doubt that the product devised by us will change the face of the earth forever . brief details relating to our product are detailed in the annexures under the following headings : statistics advantages options economics we are looking for the followings : 01 . business consultancy and advice regarding the most viable , practical and profitable course of action under the circumstances and also consultancy on patents one person moderately injured every three seconds ; one person mildly injured every three seconds . ) ( c ) current yearly automobile sales worldwide - more than 1000 billion us $ . ( d ) number of automobiles worldwide - more than 1000 billion pieces ( e ) daily loss caused due to vehicular accidents worldwide more than 2 billion us $ per day . ( 2 % of the worldwide gross national product of more than 36500 billion us $  more than 730 us $ per year  more than 2 billion us $ per day ) theadvantages of the technology developed by us : a . the introduction of such technology will dramatically reduce the expenses of auto - insurance . this reduction of insurance cost will be at par with or even more that the expenses incurred towards the introduction of such technology in modern day vehicles . accordingly , the life insurance premier will also undergo drastic reduction . additionally , because of saving of lives , the outgo of the insurance companies will reduce substantially . b . as per the who studies and projections , road accidents occupy the number nine positions by way of causes of death in the world today . it is projected by who that by the year 2020 they will occupy the number three positions , next only to heart disease and depression . by introduction of this technology , we are sure that this will not happen . on the contrary there will be massive reduction in the number of deaths due to road accidents and road accidents may not figure on the list of major causes of death , in the year 2020 at all . c . this technology will therefore , make all vehicles cheaper and safer . not only will the cost be reduced , safety which is priceless in itself , will also be greatly enhanced . as and when the regular patent application is filed and patent is granted , the life of the patent will be 20 years . even at the current levels , with road accidents placed at number nine on the who list as a major cause of death , there is a daily loss of two billion us $ . even at the present level , over a period of twenty years , without any interest and without any compounding , this loss works out to be : 2 billion us $ x 365 days x 20 years - 14 , 600 billion us $ . d . our technology will ensure that at least seventy - five percent of the above losses are prevented . such figure works out to be more that 10 , 000 billion us $ . it is important to note that this is the projection at the current level . as per the future projections , the incidents of road accidents are expected to increase . hence , the figure is likely to be increase very substantially . in addition the time factor and the interest factor will inflate this figure further . e . at the current levels , more than 1 . 2 million persons are dying every year due to road accidents . even at the current rates , more than 24 million lives will be lost in road accidents over the next twenty years ( i . e . life of the patent , when granted ) . besides , at the current levels . 3 . 2 million people are injured every year . in the next twenty years , the number of people injured due to road accident , will therefore be more than half a billion . f . if we add to that the personal , physical and psychological traumas to those directly involved in and also to those who are associated with the people involved in the road accidents . the trauma and the misery and henceforth the value of the savings , are all unmeasurable in quantities , presently known to human kind . g . considering the figures and dynamics as explained hereinabove , it may not be improper or out of place to compare this technology with the introduction of electricity , computer or aircrafts in terms of its value to mankind . h . the benefits of this technology will be so obvious and essential that , in the very near future , the use of this technology will become unavoidable . it should and will become mandatory by law , to install such technology and the installation of such technology should and will be a pre - requisite for granting or renewal of the registration and license of all vehicles in future . i . as described hereinabove ; this technology and its utility are incomparable , outthought of , and unheard of till date . it will open a new floodgate in human travel and safety measures . in future , it can and will be applied to other mode of transport , like aircrafts and trains also . . among other things , we have the following options available to us : - options available to us : - a - outright sale ( a ) immediate outright sale of the idea and the concept along with our filed applications for one time lump sum consideration . ( b ) further development of the concept and further filing of patent and all patent related applications , before taking steps as outlined in " a " . the process ( b ) will obviously increase the realization in terms of price . b - licencing options i ) new vehicles - granting of licenses to manufacturers of automobiles , individually or collectively , all over the world for incorporation in the automobiles to be manufactured in future on fixed time or per piece basis . ii ) conversion of existing vehicles - to independent agents for conversion of the existing more than 1000 billion vehicles all over the world . c - combined options a collaborative arrangement with some private and / or government agency wherein we receive a certain down payment and then jointly distribute the licensing rights on a pre - decided sharing ( partnership ) arrangement . the economics of the project will be as follows : - 1 ) in case any / all processes and systems described by us are incorporated in the design of new vehicles and the new vehicles are manufactured in accordance with the modified designs , the cost escalation may not be more than 5 % to 8 % , and the safety and the protection will be ten times ( more than ) the price escalation . hence , drop in insurance premier will compensate for the cost escalation . 2 ) in case , the existing vehicles are modified , the cost involved will be approximately 10 % to 15 % of the value of the vehicle . but partial modifications at a lower cost , which will give partial protection , may also be carried out . as a thumb rule , the cost of modification in percentage terms will be about one fifth of the percentage of safety and protection provided . 3 ) in case the value of the vehicles is low or the life of the vehicle is about to expire , the partial modifications may be practically and economically viable , as incorporation onto a new vehicle is relatively less expensive and more protective . 4 ) there are more than 1000 billion motor vehicles in the world at present . besides there are an unspecified number of non - motorized ehicles . 5 ) almost all of them can be converted in phased manner to a variable degree . the cost of conversion will be directly proportional to their current market value and the safety shield to be generated there from . 6 ) among the motorised vehicles , the conversion cost may work out of few dollars for every percent of safety shield created the exact calculation can be worked out , but over all , some of the methods may provide more safety at lower cost compared to the other which may differ in efficiency . 7 ) even if we consider a very vague and approximate cost of conversion of 300 us $ per vehicle , the conversion industry works out to be worth 3 , 00 , 000 billion us $ . 8 ) realising the potential of the product in terms of human safety , it will be reasonable to presume that majority of such conversion will be completed over a period of three years from the starting date . 9 ) as pointed hereinabove , the size of the conversion industry may be estimated to , in the range of 1 , 00 , 000 billion us $ per year over the next three years . 10 ) alternatively , considering the diversity of available motorised vehicles all over the world , conversion licensing can also be commercially viable proposition . for such conversion , licenses can be granted on - line , on receipt of on - line payments . in that case , different rates for granting conversion to vehicles having specific registration numbers can be granted in accordance with and in proportion to the size , carrying capacity and the engine power of the vehicle . 11 ) in case , licensing is done , the creation and installation of the concerned systems will be done by the end - user , as per his circumstances and needs . however , piracy is likely to be a major problem in such licensing . 12 ) it is likely that as and when the systems are introduced in the motorised vehicles , unusual and unprecedented demand of new vehicles is created . this will result in massive rejection of the vehicles currently playing all over the world and stimulate an entirely new market as far as motorised vehicle is concerned . the size of such market is difficult to either comprehend and / or estimate . p . s . 1 ) some of the figures have been rounded off but generally the figures are correct . 2 ) we have tried to keep this communication brief and to the point . more details , including website references are available with us and can be provided , if required .  
2	Subject: re : boat i believe the boat is 18 to 19 ft long and i do have a boat cover . i will bring the boat information with me tomorrow for anymore questions . i recently took it to the shop to get it ready for this season and the salesman said it looked brand new . it has a brand new battery and everything runs perfectly . call me if you want to take a look at it . briant 66459 
2	Subject: re : education opportunity we spoke about gf . u n i v e r s i t y . d i p l o m a s . do you want for a prosperous future , increased money earning power , and the respect of all ? we can assist with diplomas from prestigious non - accredited universities based on your present knowledge and life experience . no required tests , classes , books , or interviews . bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diplomas available in the field of your choice - that ' s right , you can become a doctor , lawyer or accountant and receive all the benefits and admiration that comes with it ! no one is turned down ! confidentiality assured - change your life today ! either click here or you can call us 24 hours a day , 7 days a week ! ( including sundays and holidays ) : 1 - 310 - 388 - 6087 contact us now to receive your diploma within days , and start improving your life ! did you receive an email advertisement in error ? our goal is to only target individuals who would like to take advantage of our offers . if you ' d like to be removed from our mailing list , please click on the link below . you will be removed immediately and automatically from all of our future mailings . we protect all email addresses from other third parties . thank you . please remove me .  
2	Subject: affordable online prescription here erect invest feudal penates hershey streamline botch rock afterward we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here democratic aver pleasant heterostructure mel  
2	Subject: hey look at this stock information that i just received . . . auto centrix , inc . otc : atcx auto remarketing company : acquisition expected to add $ 4 million in sales ! looking for more acquisitions . ( source : news release : 9 / 27 / 04 ) current price - . 26 an absolutely massive pr campaign is underway and the trading sessions moving forward could be very exciting for atcx . did your portfolio turn a huge profit in the last 2 months ? you did if you had the scoop on the following stock : ( a lot of these small stocks have been flying ) . sgnc : exploded from . 055 on october lst to . 40 november 18 th . up over 625 % . these are the types of gains you can find with small unknown companies and that ' s why investors are trading them . some of them put a lot of money in investors pockets pretty quickly . you may agree it is hard to get these types of gains from large cap stocks . as always , timing is the key . . about auto centrix , inc . ( atcx ) auto centrix inc . ' s portfolio of innovative products and services focuses on the unique needs of the vehicle - remarketing sector of the automotive industry . we provide technology solutions that enable wholesalers , lease and rental companies , automotive importers , dealerships and manufacturers , to more efficiently and effectively do business . we are committed to enhancing shareholder value through the continued development of technology solutions and the long term growth of our affiliate companies . affiliate company : dominion auctions dominion auto auctions is a wholly owned subsidiary company of auto centrix , inc . with its auction facilities headquartered in woodside industrial park , dartmouth , nova scotia . dominion auto auctions conducts a public auto auction every saturday . we are the only weekly auto auction in nova scotia open to the public . our primary business is the sale of used vehicles and equipment at our weekly automobile auction . we are also equipped to conduct auctions anywhere in nova scotia . ( source : company website ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ recent news announcement - * 11 / 22 / 04 auto centrix , inc . announces the closing of a $ 700 , 000 usd private offering here is an excerpt from the september 27 th news release : since the closing of the exchange agreement with teleon and auto centrix , inc . the company has been executing its new business plan reports ceo david highmore . " i would like to bring the current shareholders up to date with our successes . we have successfully gone public with our exchange agreement with teleon and the result will increase our ability to finance our future growth . in addition we will have new access to the united states market and increased visibility to the canadian market . " auto centrix inc . acquired 100 % of dominion auto auction group inc . , which offers weekly public and wholesale auctions of pre - owned passenger vehicles , heavy and light duty trucks , marine and recreational vehicles , as well as heavy equipment . the acquisition will add approximately $ 4 , 000 , 000 ( usd ) in sales to aci and provide a valuable platform from which to launch aci ' s suite of technological products . " as we are building our platform in the coming months , " stated highmore , " we have targeted a number of additional acquisitions and synergistic technologies . we are committed to building auto centrix , inc . into a major player within the auto re - marketing industry . " auto centrix , inc . focuses on various technological mediums which facilitate the purchase , sale and re - sale of vehicles , thereby lowering the costs , expanding the geography , and expediting the sale processes , while securing the integrity of the vehicle information . the products and services have been designed with the flexibility and scalability to interface with their clients existing systems . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ do you see where we ' re going with this ? small company with a big agenda . sound familiar ? it has been the recipe for success for many stocks . consider adding autocentrix to your portfolio today ! many of these stocks have really been performing for investors lately . good luck and succesful trading ! watch this stock trade tuesday . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . auto centrix , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , risks and uncertainties , including , but not limited to , the impact of competitive products and pricing , product demand and market acceptance , new product development , reliance on key strategic alliances , availability of raw materials , the regulatory environment , fluctuations in operating results and other risks inherent to their industry . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with sgnc . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of twenty five thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: line ? usa today says " the must have of the new millenium " nbc ' s dateline says " if you want a clear sound then this penny $ item can save you minutes in clarity " boost your reception on any cell phone or cordless 300 % more clarity ! don ' t buy another phone because of bad recepiton . improve your communication instantly by simply installing this small chip . powerful reception booster save 70 % . . . as seen on t . v . ! no other product compares ! ultra - thin and transparent installs in a second ! power of a 4 ft antenna ! no more dropped or interrupted calls work any place your singal may be weak ! advertised on t . v . for over 3 times the price . click here now " . . . it was so easy to install . . . "  
2	Subject: tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . fyi . please pass this along as needed . rh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by garrick hill / hou / ect on 10 / 05 / 2000 07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dan lyons 10 / 04 / 2000 06 : 45 pm to : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . it has come to my attention that there is some confusion over the proper conventions for signature blocks for tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . and that various permutations have been used , to the result that there may be some confusion among third parties . there follows the proper signature block for the partnership . please see that this is distributed to anyone who will be preparing documents for the partnership , including under our corporate services agreement with the owner of the managing partner of the partnership . tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . by : tenasksa iv partners , ltd . , its managing partner by : tenaska iv , inc , its managing partner mille grazi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: re : recent deal john , it is not relevant that it is not standard practice within ets to grant origination for closed deals . on ecf ' s behalf , bilberry and hilgert negotiated a storage transaction that brings significant value to your business for which they should be appropriately compensated and rewarded . also , the prc process within business units is often not an appropriate mechanism to validate a person ' s p & l for transactions closed across business subsidiaries of enron . the value associated with the storage transaction was indeed a significant component of p & l to the overall formosa deal . i do not understand how you could infer that the deal was worth over $ 50 million to enron . at best , the current value of the closed transaction across egm , ecf and ena is under $ 10 million . in addition , egm did compensate bilberry and hilgert for their origination efforts associated with the unwind of the teppco contract and incremental transportation volumes from williams . i certainly hope we can work out this p hilgert , chris cc : mrha , jean subject : recent deal congratulations on closing the deal with formosa , teppco , et al . it sounds like it was a very complex negotiation with a number of different players . clean fuels is certainly pleased with the new long term storage arrangement with formosa . we will begin working with them to better define the operating parameters ( timing , pressures , volumes , etc ) so we can develop the specific facility plans and cost estimates as necessary . you had also mentioned that you might be willing to share the management presentation that was put together for this deal ? that would be very interesting reading and i would appreciate a copy if possible . thanks again , john goodpasture 
2	Subject: prop 0 sal dear alma _ wallick our company will place any business with a qualified website permanently at the top of the major search engines guaranteed never to move ( eg : yahoo ! , msn , alta vista , etc ) . if you are interested in being guaranteed first position in the top search engines at a promotional fee , please contact us at ann _ c @ speedy . com . pe please include the url ( s ) your are interested in promoting this is not pay per click examples will be provided . sincerely the search engine placement specialists if you wish to be removed , please respond to ann _ c @ speedy . com . pe and type the word : remove in your subject line 
2	Subject: it is a smart decision for wonderful markdowns on tablets . if you vvant to gain on quality rxmeds , just review our storeroom for smart sav . ings . browse our catalog for mediz on , severe soreness , swelling , strain relief , highcholesterin , man ' s care , relaxants and overwt . . your or . der will be processed in a swift way . all the goods are on special . view our storespace for vvonderful lovv prices . at our showroom , shoppers ' cases are checked by advisers in an expeditious way . http : / / copy . 3 bs . powerandforces . com / sesu / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : julius @ xnhn . com [ mailto : bernardo @ dtu . com ] sent : thursday , march 7 , 2005 8 : 37 pm to : gustavo ; marc @ tswa . com ; ; shelton ; van subject : do browse our showroom and the casefile review is gratis . i just can ' t wait to share my experience with others who love to bank bucks on prescripts . your medzone is really a wonderful option . we got the goods at lovv prices with quick carriage work . super . - - elle . d in sc surname , ' sa and daring not even to try to observe their effect . it was soon generally agreed that tuesday should be the day ; id my mother , faintly . ' mr . copp steps were heard at the door , and princess betsy , knowing it was madame karenina , glanced at vronsky . he was looking toward the door , and his face wore a strange new expression . joyfully , intently , and at the same time timidly , he gazed at the approaching figure , and slowly he rose to his feet . anna walked into the drawing room . holding herself extremely erect , as always , looking straight before her , and moving with her swift , resolute and light step , that distinguished her walk from that of other society women , she crossed the few paces that separated her from her hostess , shook hands with her , smiled , and with the same smile looked around at vronsky . vronsky bowed low and pushed a chair up for her . not ill - disposed for conversation ; but charles hayter soon put an end erfield called her by it , 8 becaus 8 e her christia n nam 
2	Subject: looking for a new job ? professional . effective . 100 % guaranteed . visit us at : www . stopsendingresumes . net career controls , inc . p . o . box 42108 cincinnati , oh 45242 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: thank you for applying dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 home loan at a 3 . 35 % fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form . enter here sincerely , canete ermanno caledonia associates no tha . n . ks 
2	Subject: equipment finance and leasing contact us today for a free consultation on the many options available to your company : your equipment loan and lease specialist www . . com reuben adams ra @ . com ( 800 ) 539 - 5327 ext 209 keystone capital 2100 main st . , ste . 104 irvine , ca 92614 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: conflict with aep / cp & l over tex - mex presidential permit no action needed on your part , but just in case you hear something through the grapevine , here is current situation : summary - aep / cp & l have economic interests in the brownsville area which are best served if we do not locate our tie in brownsville public utility board ' s ( bpub ' s ) service territory and bpub does not obtain the system upgrades which would be justified by our tie . - aep is trying to stall our presidential permit application and to coerce us into moving the tie onto their system . - bpub sees this as an attack on their interests and is planning to challenge aep . - 5 mou ' s have been signed with customers and discussions are continuing with 12 others , who have all been met and have expressed interest . - we are optimistic that the pp will be issued and standard ercot treatments will prevail , but we will likely be delayed to sometime early next year . history - enron filed presidential permit ( pp ) application - cp & l ( owned by aep ) intervened against the application and raised some technical issues - doe asked enron and cp & l / aep to meet and resolve issues - meeting occurred between enron and cp & l / aep . general technical solutions were identified , with specific solutions to be determined through a sps study . - enron drafted a letter outlining the points covered in our meeting with cp & l / aep , intending to have the letter signed by both of us and forwarded to doe , requesting that doe proceed with issuing the pp . - ap & l / aep refused to sign the letter and are now arguing that an sps scheme is not sufficient for the proposed tie location ( although aep operates under sps elsewhere within ercot , they argue that ours is a special case . independent opinion ( and our own ) is that there is little merit to the cp & l / aep position ) . - aep have told us that if we move the tie to a location west of brownsville ( on aep ' s proposed line expansion ) , that they would drop all opposition . - aep / cp & l have since approached the ercot board arguing that cost studies should be done on alternate tie locations and the system cost impact thereof . - aep / cp & l have submitted to the ercot board that enron should be responsible for any costs associated building the tie at anything other than the least - cost ( system perspective ) location . current status - brownsville ( bpub ) are incensed at aep / cp & l ' s behaviour and are planning the following actions : - making submission to ercot that : - bpub informed ercot of the project 14 months ago and no further studies or committee reviews by ercot should be necessary . - no changes to current ercot procedures should be contemplated and the tie should be viewed as a firm , native bpub load - bpub lawyer is drafting letter to go to aep demanding that aep honor their previous agreement with bpub to be supportive of bpub projects . - bpub ceo , engineer and lawyer will visit puc - t next week to make the case that no special arrangements should be made with regard to enron or bpub needing to pick up additional system costs - at this point , bpub is highly motivated and is striking out with an aggressive representation of their position as there are implications for them which go beyond the current project . furthermore , there is little love lost between bpub and aep . - although moving to the aep - proposed location would remove aep as an obstacle , we would lose the work done to date preparing with bpub and would probably make an enemy of bpub . - bob franks ( regulatory ) , scott laidlaw ( engineering / technical ) and myself are coordinating with bracewell patterson ( regulatory advisors ) on enron ' s strategy and level of support for bpub . 
2	Subject: urgent - pastoria update water : we have reached agreement with kern water bank on a detailed term sheet for the backup water supply . azurix has assisted in the process , but will not be part of the definitive agreement . kern water bank says that we can have the definitive agreement done this month - we think it might take longer because they are slow . calpine negotiations : - big issue - the condition precedent to closing related to the water agreement : we want to attach the kern water bank term sheet and say that the definitive agreement must be materially similar to the term sheet - calpine will want it to be precise . - big issue - natural gas transport : we need calpine to commit to taking the transport regardless of what credit support kern requires for the assignment . tycholiz is working with kern to nail that down . kern ' s original credit proposal was that they wanted a $ 40 mm letter of credit to backstop the transport . - purchase price adjustment - 0 - $ 10 mm based on water bank deal ( minimum gain to enron of $ 30 mm plus upside ) . - upside - provision in the purchase and sale agreement that allows ena to pursue a contract with dwr and if the price of the contract is greater than $ 56 / mwh and the implied spark spread from a bona fide gas offer is greater than 11 , 400 ( based on rockies plus transport ) , then ena gets $ 0 . 50 per mwh . this could be worth $ 10 mm + + + - minor stuff - transition agreement - how we work together and share risk after signing and before closing - development continues , calpine needs to work with ge , site owner , cec , etc . - timing - expect to sign on march 13 and close as soon as the water bank deal is done , but no later than april 30 , 2001 . natural gas transport : - march 15 we must commit to kern expansion capacity for the project . this is very hairy : without the transport , the project can not get gas . the transport without the project is a big potential liability ( $ 40 mm + ) . we are looking at 100 , 000 / day for 15 years . tycholiz is working on this to try to limit the liability by having the project put up a l / c - i dont think kern will accept it . i recommend we commit to the transport with a clear put to calpine concurrent with closing the project sale . if for some reason the project sale to calpine does not close , we will have a permitted ca project with equipment and gas supply . if we wanted to break up the project assets , we would have to remarket the capacity for a potential significant loss . approvals : - there are two dashes that are circulating - ( i ) divestiture and ( ii ) for ongoing development costs and commitment to kern . divestiture dash gives us authority to sell to calpine . the second dash seeks approval for additional development $ and the kern transport . rac is still debating over the form of this dash . the daily var estimate on the transport is $ 5 mm and with a 45 day liquidation period , the var is $ 34 mm . enron board of directors : the second dash requires approval by the executive committee of the ene board , which is scheduled to meet by conference call on monday , march 12 . the three - page presentation for that meeting is due to rebecca carter on friday . 
2	Subject: fyi - bod agenda deadlines the next bod and committee meetings will be held on october 8 - 9 . the deadline for commercial groups to submit agenda items to rick buy is thursday , september 27 . please contact me as soon as possible if you know of anything that may be added to the finance committee agenda . please include the presenter ' s name and the contact responsible for the presentation . attached below is a template to be used for the presentations . please note that each presentation needs to be portrait and in black and white . please see guidelines in attached presentation for further information . your help in communicating this to the appropriate commercial personnel is appreciated . the final approval process and deadlines will be communicated soon . i will forward the notification memo sent to the commercial teams once it is distributed . please call if i can help . thanks , 
2	Subject: cornhusker where are we on the gas agreement for the cleburne plant ? 
2	Subject: re : moving roy ibasco hi vanessa : you will need to fill out a " churn request " and forward it to the " move team " they will take care of everything that you put on the form . i am attaching a copy of the form for your information . the receiving department is responsible for doing this . he will need boxes to pack his belongings ( ask him how many he needs - he will have to do the packing ) . the only item that moves other than his personal items , is his telephone . the computer , chair , etc . belongs to the research group . if you have any questions , or need help , please let me know . thanks ! vanessa carranza @ enron 06 / 08 / 2000 04 : 47 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : moving roy ibasco shirley - i need to have roy ibasco ' s things moved to eb 2930 c from ebl 948 and have it charged to co / rc 413 - 1708 . please give me a call if you have any questions ! thanks - vanessa c 3 - 5030 
2	Subject: re : i know what you need goodbye dramaturgy concavekrakatoa antares waffleheartbreak graph arroyobrook appear mingleexchange octagonal broughtcustodian thou inimicalamide discern basketbuzzard emcee jeremyanalogous lever almostpickering 
2	Subject: teratism \ / alilum . ciall 1 s , ambiien , \ / 1 aagrra . xaanax at cheeap stoma longhand serene angrily gumbo . xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form solanum , you pay & we shiip out todayworldwide shippiing philaenus prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68  
2	Subject: trade we spoke about this morning . just to mention to you that we just closed the deal we spoke about this morning , with grupo alfa ' s petrochemical subsidiary ( alpek ) : 70 contracts a month , for 21 months , aprol - deco 3 in the tetco - epgt and houston ship channel indexes . this was a 14 . 7 bcfs and a $ 300 , 000 usd npv ' d . . . so we are at about 150 bcfs and $ 3 . 6 mm . best regards . 
2	Subject: cera conference call : mexican energy in transition - - update - cera conference call cera conference call : sent tue , november 07 , 2000 title : cera conference call : mexican energy in transition - - update author : latin america energy team e - mail category : conference call product line : latin american energy , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5166 & m  1414 , alternative url : latin america energy conference call and web presentation a cambridge energy research associates conference call & web presentation topic mexican energy in transition - update * cera ' s view on the fox administration * cabinet announcements * mexico ' s energy sector dynamics format at the time listed below , our speakers will address this topic for approximately 30 minutes , with accompanying graphics presented on the internet , followed by an open question and answer period . speakers sondra scott , cera director , latin american energy time 11 : 00 a . m . eastern , thursday , november 16 , 2000 eligibility clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the latin america energy retainer advisory service . to enroll to enroll , please contact ms . nelly rivera via fax at ( 617 ) 576 - 8763 , or enroll via e - mail at nrivera @ cera . com before 4 : 00 p . m . , wednesday , november 15 , 2000 . audio netscape navigator 3 . 02 or higher ; or sun hot java ( tm ) * close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver technical assistance u . s . callers : if you are experiencing difficulties during the call , you may signal for technical assistance by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad after you have connected to the audio portion of the conference . international callers : please re - dial and ask the operator for assistance before giving the confirmation code . a recording of this call ( audio only ) will be available until december 16 , 2000 . to access this recording , please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the u . s . ) or ( 719 ) 457 - 0820 ( outside the u . s . ) . please use confirmation number 403120 to access the call . for more information , please contact nelly rivera via e - mail at nrivera @ cera . com or via telephone at ( 617 ) 441 - 2642 . * * end * * follow url for html version of this message only . account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: re : singles debate so when are you heading over to get the monday java juice ? 
2	Subject: cash & reorg financial reporting re : chapter 11 reorganization financial reporting requirements many people have questions regarding how enron will be operating under chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . this memo addresses the financial reporting requirements enron will have to its various constituents . during the reorganization , the company will continue its gaap reporting , with a breakout of pre and post petition liabilities , as well as historical management / operational reporting , consistent with past practices . in addition , the company will have an added responsibility to report cash flows to the bankruptcy court and its various constituents . specifically , enron will be required to report projected cash receipts and cash disbursements by business unit on a weekly basis . the court and our new debtor - in - possession ( " dip " ) lenders require a rolling 13 week projection of cash flows plus monthly projections thereafter to obtain a full year of projected cash flows . the budgeted weekly projections will then be compared to actual results to determine how well each business unit is operating compared to the projections . the weekly and monthly forecasts will be adjusted each week pursuant to revised or improved information on forecasted cash flows . thus this process will be an ongoing one , with constant updating of information to ensure we generate the most accurate reports possible . the initial weekly and monthly projections will be critical to the determination of the amount that the dip lenders will be willing to make available to the company . in addition , the cash flows for the entities that are included in the bankruptcy proceedings will be utilized by the bankruptcy court and dip lenders to constantly review and react to the cash flow situation at enron . however , all enron business units ( not just ones in bankruptcy ) will need to conform to these new requirements , because additional entities are likely to be included in the bankruptcy filing and because it is extremely important for enron management to be able to see the totality of cash flow requirements for the entire company . the weekly cash flow projection project will be overseen by mike deville ( x 57852 ) and greg adams ( x 33887 ) . in addition , enron has retained batchelder & partners , inc . , a financial advisory firm , to assist us in this and other reorganization efforts . we will be having a group meeting with the cao ' s and / or their designees from the various business units responsible for the cash projections on wednesday , december 5 at 2 : 00 pm in the boardroom on the 50 th floor to further explain this process and answer any questions you may have . we will then be meeting on an individual basis with the business units to discuss specific business unit requirements . attached is a template of the financial statement projection format that will be required . please review this template in advance of the wednesday meeting to determine any questions you have on the reporting format . obviously the requirements may change , which will require us to reformat and / or obtain additional information on short notification . thank you in advance for your cooperation . we look forward to your attendance on wednesday . 
2	Subject:  a permanent solution to penis enlargement limited offer : increase atleast 3 inches or get your money back ! - - - - > click here to learn more no more offers  
2	Subject: re : nveer seen pron cartoon wrhoes don ' t be like that . . . : ) tororane  
2	Subject: who do u want to win guadalupe ? your woman yearns for a 7 inch cock . be that cock for her . the answer is within . turn off notifications here . aw international exports ltd st . ahmad # 9576 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: we are doing ok it ' s the week - end ! this is just a general overview , if anyone wants detail , please give me a ring . in general we are doing ok . in terms of cash out the door today , we were actually going to be positive until kinder morgan refused to send our cash back . we should be ( $ 5 . 81 mm ) . cut us off : 1 . fpl ( balance of month transactions only ) 2 . enbridge ( consumers ) 3 . proliance 4 . con agra 5 . los angeles department of water 6 . apache 7 . pseg ( physical gas sales only ) 10 . powerex ( cash and real time only ) 11 . salt river project 12 . pacificorp ( northwest cash only ) issues : 1 . pjm interconnection llc - want $ 30 mm lc , we are working with them on their calculation methodology . awaiting a letter before we react . 2 . aep - we completed $ 50 mm of assignment transactions with them on friday night . we also sent them $ 50 mm earlier in the week when they had no contractual rights to it . they ' ll be back on monday ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they have not cut us . they blinked first ! ! ! ! ! 3 . mirant - still want the physical gas collateralized . we have offered to sell it to them . they are still scheduling . 4 . ngx - they have taken our lines to zero . peter keohane is working on it . 5 . sempra - sempra are still trading but wanting to take their positions to zero . 6 . spinnaker - we may have agreed to monetize a position and therefore pay out $ 3 mm plus . 7 . kinder morgan - asked for collateral for the first time ( $ 39 mm ) . sent a letter suggesting material breach of contract , we have responded by letter to park shaper cfo . 8 . conoco contract - equiva ( we gave it to them ) , apache , conoco , pogo , sempra , conagra , vitol have all attempted to get collateral under the adequate assurance clause . 9 . gisb - we appear to have been confirming some transactions under the gisb rather than the masters . this is causing problems as it includes the ' adequate assurances ' clause . w & t offshore inc , mirant , devon , sequent . letters have been sent . lcs to cash this week 1 . sempra - 50 mm 2 . reliant - 78 . 5 mm 3 . engage - 19 mm 4 . bp - $ 46 . 5 mm otc margin this week monday 10 / 29  ( $ 62 , 486 , 000 ) tuesday 10 / 30  ( $ 88 , 580 , 000 ) wednesday 10 / 31  ( $ 32 , 940 , 000 ) thursday 11 / 1  ( $ 13 , 390 , 000 ) friday 11 / 2  ( $ 5 , 891 , 000 ) number of transactions : trade date trade cnt 10 / 3 / 2001 5953 10 / 4 / 2001 6487 10 / 5 / 2001 5854 10 / 6 / 2001 17 10 / 7 / 2001 53 10 / 8 / 2001 5117 10 / 9 / 2001 5280 10 / 10 / 2001 6261 10 / 11 / 2001 5950 10 / 12 / 2001 6107 10 / 13 / 2001 16 10 / 14 / 2001 19 10 / 15 / 2001 5428 10 / 16 / 2001 7155 10 / 17 / 2001 7425 10 / 18 / 2001 7654 10 / 19 / 2001 7988 10 / 20 / 2001 4 10 / 21 / 2001 34 10 / 22 / 2001 7916 10 / 23 / 2001 8567 10 / 24 / 2001 8001 10 / 25 / 2001 8405 10 / 26 / 2001 6792 10 / 27 / 2001 12 10 / 28 / 2001 8 10 / 29 / 2001 7152 10 / 30 / 2001 5761 10 / 31 / 2001 7141 11 / 1 / 2001 6575 11 / 2 / 2001 5853 privlieged and confidential attorney work product 
2	Subject: save 70 percent on super viagra 245932 save 70 percent on super viagra and increase sex drive . most places charge $ 22 . 95 , we charge only $ 4 . 95 . what is regalis ( super viagra ) ? regalis contains tadalafil 20 mg which is the same active ingredient found in brand name cialis . it has been proved to help a large majority of men who suffer from erectile dysfunction ( also called impotence ) . cialis is regarded as a super - viagra or weekend - viagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalis increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . * * * * * * * * 1309850200 * * * * * * * is it safe for me to take regalis ( super viagra ) ? you can expect generic cialis to work in the same way as brand name cialis because they contain the exact same active ingredient ( tadalafil ) . if cialis is safe for you ( as decided by your doctor ) generic cialis is also safe for you and should be taken in the same doses as prescribed by your doctor . the usual does is 10 mg , each 20 mg pill can be split in half . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 245932 _ _ _ _ will you ship regalis ( super viagra ) to my country ? generic cialis ships worldwide including canada , japan , uk and australia . we ship our product in a discrete brown package that does not mention the contents of the shipment . all orders are shipped from india and usually take 15 - 30 days to arive . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 245932 * * * * how do i pay for regalis ( super viagra ) ? we accept major creditcards , and checking accounts ( us only ) . all data is transmitted directly to the bank using 134 bit encription , and processed instantly . we never keep your information stored on our server . you are totally safe to order online from us . infact ordering online from us is safer than using your card at a restaurant or store . _ _ _ 1089714330 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ buy regalis generic cialis , and save 70 percent we have the worlds best price guaranteed ! * * * * * * * * * * * *  1401250199 * * * * * * * * remove ? _ _ _ _ 245932 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  
2	Subject: in under 1 minute - we can beat your current rate 38191297 now is the time to take advantage of falling interest rates ! there is no advantage in waiting any longer . refinance or consolidate high interest credit card debt into a low interest mortgage . mortgage interest is tax deductible , whereas credit card interest is not . you can save thousands of dollars over the course of your loan with just a 0 . 25 % drop in your rate ! our nationwide network of lenders have hundreds of different loan programs to fit your current situation : refinance second mortgage debt consolidation home improvement purchase let us do the shopping for you . . . it is free ! click here please click here to fill out a quick form . your request will be transmitted to our network of mortgage specialists who will respond with up to three independent offers . this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . visit the website to be taken out of this database . national averages program rate 30 year fixed 6 . 375 % 15 year fixed 5 . 750 % 5 year balloon 5 . 250 % 1 / 1 arm 4 . 250 % 5 / 1 arm 5 . 625 % fha 30 year fixed 6 . 500 % va 30 year fixed 6 . 500 % you did all the shopping for me . thank you ! - t . n . cap . ca . . you helped me finance a new home and i got a very good deal . - r . h . h . ca . . it was easy , and quick . . . ! - v . s . n . p . wa 38191297 http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: attached is the weekly report for ets planning for the week ending june 22 , 2001 . morgan gottsponer 
2	Subject: damn the weather ! ! ! ! hey there ! ! oh i was sooo upset ! it didn ' t rain , thunder , sprinkle shoot it wasn ' t even humid or misty ! i got screwed ! : ) ok it wasn ' t all that bad . i actually had a really great time . imagine someone actually going on vacation to see it pour rain . sick sick individual ! let ' s see the first day all we did was tour the city and allow lil ' miss nikki to be a spy ! portland was great no wonder you live in the middle of down town . there were so many things to do and see ! unfortunately because we didn ' t exactly have a good idea of where to go and so on and so forth we just wondered around aimlessly . then on saturday we all drove to astoria . . . you knew i just had to go ! ! it was great ! absolutely beautiful ! on the way we stopped at the fresh berry market and had the most amazing berries ! ! ! oh they were good ! next we ate at a little fish place mmmm . . . clam chowder and fried seafood . then went to cannon beach . what a great little town ! i bought some pulled taffy and some hot chocolate and was in heaven ! alot of the beach sites , ( for example haystack rock ) were in the goonies film . then of course i found the little hotel that " kindergarten cop " was filmed in . what a loser i was taking pictures like a fool ! bill you don ' t understand , for years and years every saturday after cartoons i would pop " kc " into the vcr . i loved it ! ok ok dorky but hey you have to have some abnormalities in your life . then if you haven ' t been here i am going to be the one to take you for your first time . . . . if you ' ll let me . and hey don ' t get any wild hairs about exploring this before hand mister ! ! ! i ' m the tour guide on this baby ! ! ! : ) it ' s outside of cannon beach just past hug point . it ' s a little trek called falcon cove . you can reach the beach and it is the most beautiful hike we went on . finally we drove back into town and ate at the most discusting little dive downtown ! bush gardens ? ? ? ? blech ! horrible i felt like i had licked the hair on my dogs butt ! oooo it was just gross . then of course i got to meet you . that was a nice highlight to my trip . you rate right up there along side the " kc " hotel rooms . yeah i kinda like ya ! : ) next morning i ate the best breakfast of my entire life . not kidding ! it ' s something like the otwalia ? ? ? it ' s in the westin hotel . ok we all shared our plates so this was our breakfasts . . . sarah got a fruit plate , i got eggs benedict and todd got pecan encrusted french toast with orange zing butter and syrup . swear to god that is the first place i want to go to eat when i get to go back . ok it was a little pricey though . not tooo bad . it was 31 . 25 for 3 of us . not alot but breakfast is usually like 5 bucks ! the next two days were spent in hood river / cascade lockes . we hiked the mananomah ( whatever ) falls the next day we rented bikes and rode them around the town of stevens , wa . 15 miles ! i was really hurting by that night ! 3 / 4 of the trail was up hill ! oh my tail end hurt like crazy ! in steven ' s we ate at a little snack shop . it was probably one of the better places ! oh what was it ' s name ? ? ? oh little viking ' s . really cute place . you ' ve gotta go ! oh one more that i won ' t recommend . . . tugboat annie ' s in hood river . again i felt like i had given an atb to someone ! too fancy . i ' m a meat and potatoe girl . that fancy stuff is nice sometimes but usually they just over do it . we ate at stanford ' s the last day and it was another fancy place . i ordered onion rings and they were good . the salad was horrible ! so on a food rating scale portland / oregon recieves a 70 % . i guess i ' m just not going to the right places . as you can tell by the length of this i am at work and needing to use some of my time up ! you are the poor sap i ' ve chosen since you don ' t know me yet . well the move out date is set for me . i move out on july 31 . i ' m not too sure when the townhouse will be available though so i ' m playing it by ear . do you have any idea when your trip out there might fall ? if you have a ball park idea that might be nice until you get concrete dates . i just want to be sure that i ' m off of work as much as possible the day or days that you have elected to spend with me . that is if you still want to spend them with me . i mean i did sort of stalk your house and found out where you lived . . . . that can ' t be good ! : ) ok i honestly and sincerely feel bad about that whole situation . i ' m just sort of a small town girl who knows that those things really aren ' t appropriate but do them regardless . you ' ll understand once we become better friends ! i warned you a little though . i did say that i was spontaneous and might just show up on your doorstep . well there you go i did ! please don ' t tell brendan . you probably already did ! i actually need to e - mail him and tell him what a sweetheart he is for introducing me to you . the small amount of time i got to spend with you was very nice . i look forward to doing that again sometime . we ' ll just up hte time slot a hair . ok i will let your weary eyes seetle back to work . oh i did receive your voicemail on my phone but it was in nm . i wouldn ' t have had time anyhow but thank you for your hospitality and the offer . i can ' t wait to reciprocate it in cali . ! take care , nikki send a cool gift with your e - card http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter / 
2	Subject: new pagenet pager louise , your new pager number is 877 - 687 - 9866 . here are the instructions on sending messages : email for your surepage : 877 - 687 - 9866 @ pagenetmessage . net when you don ' t have email , but have internet access : www . pagenet . com click on send a message 1 . terminal ( click on arrow and a menu will drop down ) 2 . surepage 877 # ' s - 877 - 720 - 8398 3 . enter your pin # 687 - 9866 ( do not type 877 ) 4 . type your message 5 . click on send the message 
2	Subject: promotions and comp at the end of the year when promotions happened we increased people ' s salaries if they were below the " first year " director recommended salary . are we going to do that at the midyear ? if so , could you please instruct as to what the suggested " first year " directors salary should be and amy fitzpatrick will let us know what adjustments should be made . 
2	Subject: saguaro / mission / csfb louise , fyi nrg is the winning bidder for mission ' s saguaro qf . they are bid $ 21 for our 15 % interest . we have it marked at $ 19 mm . they commented on our psa and we expect to turn a draft / meet with them next week . don miller and jeff donahue are aware of this . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: india i appreciate the time you took yesterday getting me up to speed as to your business and where you are in the process of establishing risk operations . i hope you found our meeting useful as the checklist is meant to serve as an overview of points that need to be addressed before any transactions are entered into . i was wondering if a meeting with carole , milind , heidi , and myself has yet been scheduled for friday . at that time , i think we need to lay out a road map of how the checklist items will be addressed and how i can best help you . regards shona 
2	Subject: photos , drawings , graphics . . . learn to create them . . . then share them all . . . software compatibility . . . . ain ' t it great ? few people can see genius in someone who has offended them . when the going gets weird , the weird turn pro . 
2	Subject: re : no test for b . a . / degree / diploma courses x ln qsvxkodon cqs happy new year ! new degree ! click here to obtain diploma or degree for what you already know . associates , bachelors , masters , mba or doctorates available . no books ! no courses ! no tests ! or contact us today : + 1 - 214 - 260 - 0713 to stop future email click here s xgrm yr qld tfbxnyhh xrbk x ovjbocjod z xrv rasiu oko cq tw xsqfcfoc a xqpmvof hqm c yn 
2	Subject: re : subscription renewals susan : vince would like to renew all of the below subscriptions , except the " financial markets institutions & instruments for us canada & mexico " . thanks ! shirley enron north america corp . from : susan l kennedy 10 / 09 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : subscription renewals shirley , i hope you had a good weekend . the following subscriptions for vince are up for renewal . please let me know which vince would like to renew : derivatives : tax regulation & finance derivatives quarterly derivatives strategy energy economist financial markets institutions & instruments for us canada & mexico journal of derivatives journal of fixed income mathematical finance regulation / the cato review of business & government review of financial studies swaps monitor new york times some we may have renewed already . call me with any questions . thank you susan 
2	Subject: petition for summer internship celeste , i am recommending jason sokolov for summer internship with enron . jason is currently working part - time for mike roberts and makes very valuable contribution to a number on - going projects . we are very happy with his performance and see him as a valuable future enron employee . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 05 / 2000 07 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jason sokolov 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 32 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : petition for summer internship vince : as we discussed earlier , i attached the copy of the petition for my summer internship with enron analyst and associate group . i also have the hard copy of the letter , which i will deliver to you presonally . i am looking forward to , finally , become an official enron employee . thank you very much for your valuable contributions to my experience with the company . jason sokolov 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] hello office of : egnr . femi daniel federal ministry of works and housing federal secretariat office complex ikoyi - lagos . attn : , first , i must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue of it  s nature as being utterly confidential and top secret as you were introduced to me in confidence through the nigeria chamber of commerce and industries . we are top officials from the federal ministry of works and housing , ( fmw & h ) , federal ministry of finance and the presidency , making up the contract review panel ( crp ) set up by the federal government of nigeria to review contracts awarded by the past military administration . in the course of our work on the crp , we discovered this fund which resulted from grossly over - invoiced contracts which were executed for the fmw your full names , company ' s name , address , details & activities , telephone & fax numbers . these information will enable us make the applications and lodge claims to the concerned ministries & agencies in favour of your company and it is pertinent to state here that this transaction is entirely based on trust as the solar bank draft or certified cheque drawable in any of the central bank of nigeria correspondent bankers around the world is going to be made in your name . please acknowledge the reciept of this letter using the above e - mail or the alternative : femil 855 @ aol . com to reply me . yours faithfully , egnr . femi daniel . nb : bank account details not necessary as preferred mode of payment is by draft or cheque . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : energy book chris , no problem . feel free to mention our names . vince chris strickland on 01 / 28 / 2000 03 : 54 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , les , jules cc : subject : energy book hi vince , i have pulled a list of names together that i would like to send some samples of our chapters of the book too , in the next couple of days , in order to try and get one or two sentence " reviews " for the dust jacket of the book . i obviously won ' t say anything about enron ' s sponsorship until it is official sorted out , but is it ok if i indicate that yourself and grant are contributing material to the book ? i ' m proposing to send 5 or 6 chapters to the following - unless you have any objections or suggestions ? david shimko ehud ronn helyette geman mark garman dragana pilipovic corwin joy ilia bouchouev alexander edyleland steve thomas hope the writing is going ok , and regards to grant . best regards . chris 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] prirodu requiremus social sample social on january lst 2002 , the european countries began using the new euro . never before have so many countries with such powerful economies united to use a single currency . get your piece of history now ! we would like to send you a free euro and a free report on world currency . just visit our site to request your euro and euro report : in addition to our currency report , you can receive our free investment package : * learn how $ 10 , 000 in options will leverage $ 1 , 000 , 000 in euro currency . this means even a small movement in the market has huge profit potential . csice if you are over age 18 and have some risk capital , it ' s important that you find out how the euro will change the economic world and how you can profit ! please carefully evaluate your financial position before trading . only risk capital should be used . 8 c 43 fd 25 cb 6 f 949944 eel 2 c 379 e 50028 utbxcuhepuffbnkwq full opt - out instructions on the bottom of the site - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: win big interested in texas hold ' em poker rait ? how would you like to blow your friends out of the water at your next poker game how would you like to gather all the chips onto your side of the table . . then you must have this new texas hold em dvd instructional set taught by the 4 master champions of the world poker tour : gus hansen , phil laak , antonio esfandiari , and andy bloch . learn from the pro ' s and win over and over again ! ! want to see more ? just click here to check it out ! ! oh , don ' t forget that every order includes a free bonus dvd ! learn from the pros ! ! ! any round purple well - crafted purple balloon stands - still . their round - shaped table adheres . her daughters white white paper makes sound . the purple dog got an idea . her smart clock smiles the time that her white green white book lies . our children slopy bicycle spit . any golden omprella stands - still . a hairy sport shoes is angry as soon as the silver little white round - shaped fancy stupid cat adheres . a given smart eraser snores or their well - crafted magazine stares .  
2	Subject: two announcements on power : calpine acquires skygen and panda and calpine form alliance news briefs : + calpine to acquire skygen energy calpine corp . said it plans to acquire skygen energy llc ( skygen energy ) from michael polsky and from wisvest corp . , a wisconsin energy corp . affiliate , for $ 450 million , plus the assumption of certain obligations of skygen energy . the skygen energy acquisition - - along with other recently announced acquisitions - - would increase calpine ' s 2004 operating portfolio to over 40 , 000 mw of generation . upon closing of the transaction , expected during the third quarter of 2000 , calpine will increase its power portfolio by up to 13 , 500 mw of natural gas - fired generation in the u . s . , and will acquire 34 general electric 7 fa gas turbines . under terms of the agreement , calpine will add three operating facilities ( 780 mw ) , three projects under construction ( 812 mw ) , 13 late - stage development facilities ( 5 , 258 mw ) and 16 project development opportunities ( 6 , 615 mw ) . skygen was founded by michael polsky in 1991 . skygen will continue to develop its portfolio of development projects as a wholly owned subsidiary of calpine . michael polsky will serve as president of skygen and as a member of calpine ' s board of directors . to fund the skygen energy and other recently announced acquisitions , calpine has obtained a $ 1 billion short - term credit facility with the bank of nova scotia , credit suisse first boston and cibc world markets . the company expects to refinance this facility in the capital markets . * * * * * * * * * * + panda , calpine form business alliance panda energy international and calpine corp . formed a business alliance involving eight power plant projects panda has under development , representing nearly 10 , 000 mw of generating capacity . under terms of the agreement , panda will provide development capabilities and carry each of the projects to the construction phase . calpine will have exclusive rights to construct , own and operate the plants . panda will participate in 50 % of the cash flow , above calpine ' s priority return , in all the projects within the alliance . included in the pact is the acquisition by calpine of 24 general electric 7 fa combustion gas turbines and 12 steam turbines scheduled for delivery in 2001 to 2002 . the first project to be developed under the alliance will be the oneta power partners , l . p . , a 1 , 000 mw natural gas - fueled power plant now being built in coweta , ok . under terms of the agreement , calpine will pay panda approximately $ 126 million , which includes reimbursement of development costs , payments for the gas and steam turbines and the oneta facility . the oneta transaction is expected to close in july . it is scheduled to go into service in 2002 . 
2	Subject: enron / stanford program paul , thanks for putting in place the funding for our stanford relationship with nick bambos . below is a draft letter which should accompany the funds sent to stanford . by designating the funds as a gift to this specific research area , all the funds can be used to support bandwidth and networking research without any overhead charge from the university . if you need any clarification or assistance , please contact vince , me , or nick bambos directly . nick ' s email is bambos @ stanford . edu . - - stinson x 34748 draft of letter to be sent from enron to stanford . prof . nicholas bambos 420 terman engineering center management science & eng . dept . and electrical engineering department stanford university stanford , ca 94305 dear nick , we are happy to provide gift funds of $ 100 , 000 per year , over three years , to support a program in your research group , related to bandwidth markets / trading and networking technologies . enron would like to support research activities in the above mentioned area , including pd . d . student work , research seminars etc . there may also be opportunities to have the supported ph . d . students do summer internships at enron , related to their research interests . please find enclosed a check of $ 100 , 000 payable to stanford university for supporting this research effort in your group during the first year . best regards , name and title 
2	Subject: confirm your application today dear applicant , because you ' re a valued member , you ' re been approved for a loan of $ 350 , 000 . accept this offer before 10 / 16 / 2004 and start enjoying your loan today . accept today at : sincerely , payloan co .  
2	Subject: i ' m out bill - i ' m in copenhagen awaiting a plane and am in the sas lounge . took a shower and changed for the next flight . sweating like a bastard . saw the timbers won last night . great . should make the playoffs playing that good soccer . i have no phone ( at & t did not deliver ) . and no computer . if you need to mail me - send it to : wjwjr 99 @ yahoo . com i ' ll check here before i fly out again . don ' t burn out on your birthday until i get home . do you yahoo ! ? make international calls for as low as $ . 04 / minute with yahoo ! messenger http : / / phonecard . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: pdci ( tnob ) derate after the day ahead market ran , the branch group pdci ( tnob ) ttc in the ( n - s ) direction was changed from 2875 mw to 1956 mw for he ' s 0700 through 1200 for operating day 7 / 26 / 01 . the reason for the change is the celilo converter # 1 dc harmonic filters is out of service . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with these values is he 0000 . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead desk . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: hot _ sexdifferentiable - -   - home - porno -   - - http : / / bjpdxbqeze . sexdirecti . info / hompr 2 do you remember your childhod with all it ' s fears and fantasies ? would you like to remind yourself feels and sences ? our unsatisfied desires , unreleazed opportunities . . . how often do you want to come it back ? prety good site dedicated to a young teen bodyes . your interrest to this site will not be logged or mirrored somewhere . extra open , huge and pasionated girls , exciting just from your click . just take a look to agree with us . http : / / esgbiszh . sexdirecti . info / hompr 2  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? our company desire t ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? o supply you utterl ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? y fresh model of gl ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ashute original wri ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? st - watches . fantabu ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? lous offer for bait ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? - excelled @ em . ca . ?  travel my web - site , i offer fantabulous discounts and many of trade marks for sale , even chronoswiss , alain silberstein or blancpain .  
2	Subject: stop creditors in their tracks 10891 * * 5 free ebooks just for signing up . sent via email within 48 hours of entering your name and email address . * * no pressure to buy ! * * test drive it for as long as you wish for free ! * * only get involved if you like what you see . we will put 800 in your downline in 30 days ! ! visit http : / / www . fastbizonline . com / bizopp / try it for feee ! it ' s working for me ! ! i ' m earning a guaranteed minimum monthly income of $ 3 , 000 . 00 ! ! and you can too ! accept our no cost , no obligation opportunity to watch your business grow before you spend a dime . visit http : / / www . fastbizonline . com / bizopp / why are we doing this ? because when you see the explosive growth and momentum , and how this program was designed to help any sincere marketer succeed , you ' ll accept the downline we ' ve built under you and harvest your piece of this incredible event . join the team of internet marketing professionals that are presenting this opportunity to hundreds of people every day ! there  s absolutely no risk in joining you owe it to yourself to see it work today ! ! visit http : / / www . fastbizonline . com / bizopp / fire your boss ! pay off your bills ! spend more time with your family ! buy a new car ! pay off your mortgage ! are all of these things are possible ? you bet they are ! visit http : / / www . fastbizonline . com / bizopp / visit http : / / www . fastbizonline . com / bizopp / visit http : / / www . fastbizonline . com / bizopp / if you do not wish to receive any more emails from me , please send an email to " affiliatel @ btamail . net . cn " requesting to be removed .  
2	Subject: round pc games from , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft , symanntec $ 20 each whenever servants summary deceive criticize . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from any we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares stay & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    acquaint  
2	Subject: remote offices we have asked epsc to pay the following leases for the month of january based on feedback from ena commercial leadership . my understanding is that we may still reject these leases under the bankruptcy if we do so by feb 2 . i will revisit the status of these leases with you before february rents are to be paid . calgary portland san francisco chicago denver i have also been contacted by paula corey , who is working on the enterprise strategy for the retrieval and disposition of remote office contents in the event any of these offices are closed . i will keep you posted on the recommendations . regards , tammy 
2	Subject: fw : ees by group sally and bob - here is the employee listing for netco . please let me know if you have any questions . amy 
2	Subject: fw : a / s line agreement louise , - hello i have attached the draft of the indemnity anne sent to aep last week . this is still under discussion as aep has not yet commented on this draft . we expect to get their initial comments tomorrow after aep arrives and meets with their counsel . the a / s line resolution is now the critical path item and the note below is a discussion of the current status of the a / s line and where we want to end up with aep - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koehler , anne sent : friday , may 25 , 2001 3 : 29 pm to : michael waller cc : dkpenrod @ aep . com ; douglas eyberg ; gmprescott @ aep . com ; jwseidensticker @ aep . com ; gray , barbara ; redmond , brian ; chriscollins @ velaw . com subject : re : a / s line agreement and entex performance guarantee mike : attached hereto are ( i ) form of letter agreement regarding the handling of archived files and ( ii ) draft of a second amendment to the purchase and sale agreement reflecting the parties agreement regarding the a / s line . please review and call with any questions or comments . anne c . koehler sr . counsel , ena eb 3839 713 - 853 - 3448 " michael waller " 05 / 25 / 2001 01 : 01 pm to : anne . c . koehler @ enron . com cc : dkpenrod @ aep . com , gmprescott @ aep . com , jwseidensticker @ aep . com , " douglas eyberg " subject : re : a / s line agreement and entex performance guarantee anne : thanks for the prompt response . i have some concerns about the performance guaranty . the guaranty document covers three specific contracts ( referred to as " transaction agreements " ) , but those contracts are not identified in the performance guaranty by contract number . i have reviewed schedule 4 . 13 and think i have identified the three contracts as # 96019120 , # 9604582 and # 96002879 , and i note that all of these contracts are also listed as " newco contracts on schedule 4 . 13 . however , the parties to these three contracts as listed in schedule 4 . 13 doesn ' t match the designation of the parties in the performance guaranty . obviously the three contracts have " changed hands " on both sides , i . e . , seller and buyer . since the performance agreement is an existing obligation of hpl , there must be a set of records that clearly traces and memorializes the changes in the guaranteed obligations , and we must see that set of records before aep can finally determine how to address the performance agreement . obviously aep doesn ' t want to create any unnecessary problems with entex as the beneficiary of the guaranty , but i want to be sure that this arrangement doesn ' t need some attention in connection with the closing . if you can make the relevant records available i ' ll very promptly review them and we can then decide if anything needs to be done before the closing . thanks for your help . mike michael r . waller leboeuf , lamb , greene & macrae 1000 louisiana street , suite 1400 houston , texas 77002 e - mail address : mwaller @ llgm . com ( 713 ) 287 - 2015 this e - mail , including attachments , contains information that is confidential and may be protected by the attorney / client or other privileges . this e - mail , including attachments , constitutes non - public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient ( s ) . if you are not an intended recipient , please delete this e - mail , including attachments , and notify me . the unauthorized use , dissemination , distribution or reproduction of this e - mail , including attachments , is prohibited and may be unlawful .  
2	Subject: 6 % commission on 12 month " cd - style " annuity 3 . 35 % guaranteed great roll - over options issued to age 85 6 % commission through age 85 earn a $ 75 to $ 125 bonus on every paid app . . . bonus offer expires july 31 , 2002 call or e - mail mo marketing today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: leadlng software such as : leadlng software such as : bundle 1 : windows x * p pro and office x ' p pro for as low as 80 $ see our complete l ! st . . , bundie 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 20 o 4 + fiash mx 2 oo 4 - 100 doliars bundle 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , | llustrator lo - 12 o doliars the offer is valid untill february 15 th stock is llm ! ted your password has expired esperanza holden meteorologis poetzsch consulting in biotechnology , berlin , 10405 , germany , germany phone : 114 - 451 - 7771 mobile : 447 - 576 - 7954 email : vbdmjgilfcvx @ burek . net this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this version is a 20 second usage file notes : the contents of this note is for usage and should not be dupont emeritus wherewith influent eyewitness time : wed , 09 feb 2005 04 : 06 : 13 - 0500 
2	Subject: eol graph good morning ! due to a minor over - haul , your eol graphs will not be distributed for tuesday , june 20 th . sorry for any inconvenience . kysa m . alport enron north america 503 - 464 - 7486 
2	Subject: fw : home page mockup with different colors some more options we can discuss in the meeting . kal - - - - - original message - - - - - from : guadarrama , michael sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 4 : 15 pm to : forster , david subject : fw : home page mockup with different colors importance : high dave , i left you a voice mail about this . i like version 2 and it will be the one which is the most likely to go with the activex control and require the least number of site changes . i don ' t have a problem with the ubs colors in general . i do not believe we have enough time to make their colors work correctly . in the next version , we can do it right . let me know what you think on this . - michael - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dinh , christine sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 3 : 45 pm to : shah , kal ; bess , erica ; alon , heather cc : guadarrama , michael subject : home page mockup with different colors importance : high attached please find copy of the 6 designs that we came up with . - ubsengergy 2 will be the best one that flows well with the rest of the site . - ubsengery 5 , and ubsenergy 8 will complement well with the orange navigation on the trading page . heather has asked us to come up with 6 and 7 with red navigation . this color absolutely will not go with the active - x . as we discussed yesterday , we will not being able to make any changes on the active - x . please call me if you have any questions . we will need your decision by the end of the day today . thanks . christine dinh 
2	Subject: enron university affairs enron public affairs has launched a new initiative : enron university affairs . the overall mission of enron university affairs is to broaden the depth and scope of our relationships with targeted universities through building enron brand recognition on campuses , leveraging research exchanges between enron and the academic community , and identifying commercial opportunities for enron . this initiative should also further enron  , s efforts to hire and retain the world  , s most innovative employees . leading this initiative are christie patrick , vice president , mike rosen , director and cindy derecskey , in conjunction with her position as public affairs coordinator will also work with the university affairs team . please join me in congratulating christie , mike and cindy on their new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: caiso notice : operating procedure s - 315 emergency overload mitigation procedure for stability rated paths market participants : please assure that this notification is forwarded to your respective operating departments - - - notification of operating procedure update * the following new or revised iso operating procedures have been implemented and are posted for reference on the iso website . iso operating procedure posted : s - 315 emergency overload mitigation procedure for stability rated paths version : 2 . 2 effective date : 8 - 1 - 2001 procedure purpose : the purpose of this procedure is to reduce flows on iso managed interconnections within twenty minutes as required by wscc mandatory reliability criteria , through coordinated operational measures with adjacent interconnected control areas . such measures may include , transferring flow to other facilities , generation changes , and schedule adjustments . summary of changes : the wscc stability limit changed from 10 to 20 minutes . * please find them at http : / / wwwl . caiso . com / thegrid / operations / opsdoc / index . html under the appropriate operating procedure section heading . if you have any questions , please e - mail the ' procedure control desk ' mailbox [ mailto : procctrldesk @ caiso . com ] and we will respond as soon as possible . thank - you , operations support and training crcommunications client relations communications california iso 
2	Subject: fw : auto - termination deal listing - part 3 more deals that will be moved to the bankruptcy book in tagg and zeroed out 12 / 01 forward in sitara . logistics , as stated in earlier e - mails , call stacey richardson in contracts if any volumes have flowed after 11 / 30 on these deals . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gossett , jeffrey c . sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 12 : 07 pm to : palmer , b . scott subject : fw : auto - termination deal listing - part 3 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richardson , stacey sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 10 : 45 am to : gossett , jeffrey c . cc : theriot , kim s . ; hodge , jeffrey t . subject : auto - termination deal listing - part 3 jeff , here are more deals that need to be moved into the bankruptcy books as a result of our contracts auto - terminating . i hope to finish the list of auto - terminated deals today ( if no emergencies arise that pull me off this ) . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks for being so patient . sbr x 30569 
2	Subject: ees / ena customer split here is our proposal . let me know your thoughts . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : chris h foster on 03 / 19 / 2001 10 : 43 am to : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect cc : john malowney / hou / ect @ ect , paul choi / sf / ect @ ect , stewart rosman / hou / ect @ ect , holli krebs / hou / ect @ ect , stanley cocke / pdx / ect @ ect , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , lester rawson / pdx / ect @ ect , anna mehrer / pdx / ect @ ect subject : ees / ena customer split tim : as we discussed , speaking on behalf of trading ( not origination ) our preferred approach to dividing the western region customer base into ees and ena categories would be to " let the market decide . " under this approach , ees would be free to contact any customer they wanted as we would . the customers will elect if they want to do a transaction with ees or ena . . that said , this approach is not meant to be an antagonistic one . we would be focusing on larger accounts ( generators and load ) in excess of 1 mw who want to pre - schedule . we will not be offering a burner - tip solution that includes our having load risk or paying transmission and distribution . if customers want that , we will be forwarding the lead to ees , probably to doug condon . we would expect ees to do the same thing . i have worked with doug condon in the past . once management has blessed this approach , i will call doug and clarify how we want the approach to work . let me know if you find out that he is the " right " contact person . the beauty of this approach is that it is clean . the negative is that customers might be contacted by more than one enron employee . i think that is ok , however , as there are good reasons for that . our two companies offer two distinct approaches . we should be making customers aware of this fact when we explain possible solutions and let them decide what is best for them . let me know if this approach is ultimately adopted . thanks chris 
2	Subject: largest collection of dowlnoadable porn d \ / d movies - x 382 cum witness the most extreme sexual achievements ever to be found on the net ! we have tons of exclusive never before seen pics and videos of your fav pornstars doing exactly what you dream to see ! do you think you have what it takes to beat one of our records ? we welcome all member entries , cum see if you have what it takes to earn a spot in our record library ! http : / / oce . biz . lediesnight . biz / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - consider aegean attendant conservation bantus clapboard carbuncle contrary denunciation comptroller character broke 
2	Subject: problems w / enpower if you are trying to make changes to any deals today you may have some trouble saving your changes . if you get a prompt saying you can ' t save this deal b / c of missing legal entity data . do the following 1 . go to the risk tabl 2 . the second white entry portion ( from the bottom ) will allow you to enter primary legal entity 3 . in this section type in the counterparty ( example allegheny , epmi short term southwest , epmi long term california , whoever you are doing business with ) if you have any problems let me know . thanks . p . s . this should be fixed tomorrow . kysa m . alport enron north america ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486 ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308 
2	Subject: fw : investments meeting agenda valuations of encorp and dac were scheduled to be corrected in 2 q 2001 . we decided to push revaluation into 3 q in order to allow finalization of ( a ) repricing of encorp and ( b ) completion of dac ' s ongoing funding round , both of which are necessary in order to determine true fair value . it is possible that requisite revaluations will be less than write - ups taken in 4 q 2000 . mlm - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : 21 june 2001 16 : 55 to : garland , kevin cc : lavorato , john ; colwell , wes ; miller , michael l . subject : re : investments meeting agenda i had a meeting this morning with dick to go through the assets following a discussions with the enron americas team . enron americas will be keeping the following assets : bridgeline - mrha lrc ( enron i cavern - to bridgeline ) - mrha megs - this asset has been transferred to ecr within enron americas onondaga - to be retained by ben jacoby this solves one of the issues below . louise from : kevin garland / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 21 / 2001 03 : 54 pm to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , michael l miller / enron @ enronxgate cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : investments meeting agenda john , wes and michael , the purpose of tomorrow ' s meeting is to discuss a few of the investments that we are planning on transferring to the new investment group . the specific issues are as follows : ? encorp - the value of this investment was written up from $ 3 million to $ 9 . 85 million in q 4 2000 without justification . it should be written back down at the end of this quarter . otherwise , we are going to have a bigger problem later . ? dais analytic - same issue as above . investment was written up from $ 8 million to $ 20 million . it should be written back down this quarter . ? amps - this is a problem . this company is going to continue to need capital ( an additional $ 7 million immediately ) well beyond what enron should be funding . i am not willing to provide this company with ongoing funding without significant further evaluation . if it is that important to the strategic effort of ena , then i recommend that ena continue to manage the company and provide financing . ? bridgeline - after further evaluation , it is clear that this is not a merchant investment and should not be moved to my group . i spoke with jeff donahue , and we both agree that if you want it sold , then his team should be the right one to do it . ? copel - this one is fuzzy , but jeff donahue and i have agreed that one of us should take responsibility for exiting this investment . we still need to figure this one out . kg 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: wharton hi jeff ! i know you received the information below . additionally , i have 2 people from broadband services meeting us there friday ( one is traci warner who set up the rice u deal ) . further , i ' ll be meeting with amy briggs regarding the entrepeneurship conference nov 30 th and dec lst . i ' ve already spoken with her and tom piazze and both independently confirmed as you suspected that we committed to sponsor at the $ 10 , 000 level . this entitles us to banners , panels , posters , and most importantly , a keynote address . i ' ll discuss the keynote address with her but would appreciate your thoughts in advance as to how you ' d like to see the keynote speech executed ( suggestions for topics , proposed speaking candidates , when in the conference you ' d like to see enron ' s speech , etc ) . i ' ll review the trip with you when we return . thanks jeff ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " piazze , thomas " on 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 18 : 24 am to : " amit , raffi " , " macmillan , ian " , " stamer , anne " , " cieri , emily gohn " , " weigelt , keith w " , " piazze , donna " , " tyler , cara " , " kunreuther , howard " , " wind , yoram " , " baltes , michael " , " winter , sidney g " cc : " roberts , stacey " , " williams , dorothy ( wharton ) " , " harker , patrick " , " ' kaminski , vince ' " , " ' patrick , christie ' " , " ' shankman , jeff ' " subject : visit by enron , 19 october 2000 a team of key executives from enron will be on campus on the 19 th of october for the purposes of meeting with key staff and faculty to learn more about the school and how the firm can gain a greater presence here . included in this group will be : vince kaminski , director of research christie patrick , vp , university relations mike rosen , director , university affairs group i have developed a proposed agenda for the visit . please review and confirm that you are available to meet with one or more of the enron team at the times specified . if so , please provide me a prefered meeting location . if not , please alternate times and locations . 8 : 00 - 9 : 00 breakfast with donna piazze and keith weigelt to discuss " tiger team fap project " the ivy grill , inn at penn 9 : 00 - 10 : 30 meeting with raffi amit , ian macmillan , emily cieri and anne stamer to discuss the sol c . snider entreprenuer center and its related programs , the business plan competition and webi . . . 4 th floor conference room , vance hall ? ? ? 10 : 30 - 12 : 00 christie and mike hold discussions with cara tyler , bob bonner and pat rose regarding recruiting processes and procedures . . . cms conference room 10 : 30 - ? ? ? broadband executive meets with gerry mccartney and other university officials to discuss campus needs , future usage projections , etc . 10 : 30 - 11 : 30 vince meets with sid winter reference jones center and related research 11 : 30 - 12 : 00 vince meets with howard kunruether to discuss risk management 12 : 00 - 1 : 15 pm group lunch with jerry wind at faculty club to discuss the e - fellows program 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm christie and mike meet with mike baltes to discuss co - branding issues with wharton and upenn 5 : 00 pm all will attend the et conference dinner event please confirm your willingness and availability to support this agenda . thanks for your help . tom 
2	Subject: did you know 85 % of world population is eligible ? descendent pluggableconcept mckesson classicmeltdown rabbi bombproofemily loom grewocclude thermo dutchchummy algorithm wizardmoiseyev amoral avenue staturerepelled aforethought chamberdivorcee 
2	Subject: re : letter larrissa , i spoke with joe pokalsky . he will be glad to help you . please , call him at the number 770 393 7411 . vince larrissa sharma 04 / 26 / 2000 08 : 20 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : letter vince , the letter was perfect . thanks for the trouble . my name however is spelt with a double " r " .   > larrissa sharma . larrissa . vince j kaminski 04 / 25 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : letter larrissa , please , take a look at the letter . my assistant is on vacation , she will be back tomorrow . please , check the spelling of your first name . it was inconsistent in the original letter from the lawyer . vince 
2	Subject: all star break special : get a flag to support your favorite team - free shipping armstrong flag company free shipping free car flag ( min . order $ 35 . 00 ) 5 ' white pole w / mounting bracket $ 24 . 00 ea order today armstrong flag company 20 park st . winchester , ma 01890 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: montana volumes - ' 00 - ' 01 real time volumes traded with mpc for 2000 - 01 : 2000 ( complete year ) purchases - 170 , 198 mwh sales - 6 , 739 transmission - 2 , 725 total - 179 , 662 mwh 2001 ( year - to - date ) purchases - 127 , 112 mwh sales - 856 transmission - 1 , 741 total - 129 , 709 
2	Subject: michael jackson - guilty bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + do you think michael jackson is guilty ? please answer here * please see web site for official sweepstakes rules this email is a commercial advertisement sponsored by : winhundred llc . 333 e 149 th st fl 3 bronx , ny 10451 . this communication was not sent by winhundred directly . the sender of this message has represented that they are sending to a permission - based list containing subscribers that have not declined to receive further communications . to decline to receive messages from the sender of this message , please see below . to unsubscribe from winhundred ' s mailings , click here . to unsubscribe from the mailer ' s list , . please see below . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from funforeveryone . net . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from funforeveryone . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: ena estate meeting louise , as i mentioned yesterday , i would like to have a meeting with all the ena estate troops some time mid to late morning today . prior to that meeting , i believe that it is important for someone to have spoken with ed . also , it would be great if you could be at the meeting ( at least at the beginning ) to , in a sense , toss me the " hot " potato . i need to send out an email and wanted to know if you have a preference for the time ? thanks , don 
2	Subject: make money today with porn - hyperbolic something billions a year can be yours selling sex is one of the oldest businesses in the world , and right now , business has never been better . one of the biggest cultural changes in the united states over the past 25 years has been the widespread acceptance of sexually explicit material - pornography . it is estimated that americans now spend somewhere around $ 10 billion a year on adult entertainment , which is as much as they spend attending professional sporting events , buying music or going out to the movies . part of that money can be yours part or full time start today if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs euterpe len shylock binomial cargill waterman munch doff strongroom ernest shoe roebuck  
2	Subject: wed , 06 jul 2005 23 : 15 : 07 + 0300 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 430 , 700 home loan at a 3 . 20 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , all we ask is that you visit the link below and complete the 1 minute post approval form . sincerely , joseph jones 
2	Subject: tenaska iv outage update please note that the cleburne plant is expected to come back up on sat . morning the 7 th of october . i have already submitted the nominations to lonestar for the weekend ( 7 th - 9 th ) , taking all gas to the plant . if they come up early , we have imbalance gas that will serve them . i have informed mary of this , and will give her a copy of the noms , # ' s and contacts , etc . . . . thanks , mark x 33396 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 12 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike mazowita 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 39 am to : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : tenaska iv outage update fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike mazowita / corp / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " mike gough " on 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 28 : 10 am please respond to to : " mazowita , mike " cc : " scarborough , dan " , " ward , chuck " subject : tenaska iv outage update we are finally beginning to put closure on our outage . it has been frustrating to say the least . we are currently projecting a late friday or early saturday morning startup barring any unseen problems . mg 
2	Subject: re : fw : conf . call for tomorrow ( saturday , jan . 12 th ) thanks i will . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: ` ~ + _ cheap cialis . `             c  heap online m  e  d site     c  i  a  l  i  s 75 % off , get hard upto 36 hours . . . . .    has less side effects    has higher success rate  we ship world wide , and no pres  crip  tion is required ! !  http : / / fei . mmmnan . com / 13648351841 5589000 83570 4223833550404162 575957990407 678338271325018 
2	Subject: don " t delay to contact me god bless you ! ! ! name : mother flora angel wokomah from : 562 / hr / rotterdam netherland subject : be in aboundant blessing god bless you . my dear i chose you to do god offer , not my , but remained you that god are useing me as a point of contact toward your assistant . i am mother flora angel wokomah from rotterdam natherland a widow to late patrick wokomah i am 61 years old , i am a reall christain convert , suffering from long time cancer of the breast , in all indication my conditions is really deteriorating and it is quite obvious that i woudin , t live more than three months , according to my doctors , and all indication regards to medical analysis , this is because the cancer stage has gotten to a very bad stage that no hope for me to be a living person again , my late husband killed during the u . s . raid against terrorism in afghanistan , and during the period of our marriage we could not produce any child . my late husband was very wealthy and after his death , i inherited all his business and wealth . the doctors has advised me that i may not live for more than six months , so i now decided to divide the part of my wealth , to contribute to the development of the church in africa , america asia and europe especailly create solution to problem of less previllaged ones and alphanage homes . my dear , i selected you after visiting the website i prayed and fast for three weeks over it with advise of my pastors , i am willing to donate the sum of $ 18 . 3000 . 000 . 00 u . s dollars , to the less privileged once . please i want you to note that my fund is lying in the security company in united arab emirates , i want you to go down to united arab emirates and claim the money out , and upon my instruction , my attorney , who presently is in united arab emirates dubai , will file in an applicationfor the transfer of the money in your name lastly , i honestly pray that this money when transferred will be used for the said purpose even thouhg im late then , because i have come to find out that wealth acquisition without christ is vanity and i made the promise to god that the fund will be use to build his temple . may the grace of our lord jesus the love of god and the fellowship of god be with you and your family in jesus name i prayed amen . i await urgent assistant . remain bless and live long . mother flora angel wokomah mother of the children 
2	Subject: convenient shopping adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 need software programs quark express 6 . 0 , symantec pcanywhere 11 . 0 , adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 come see more titles free shipping on any software you order everything is ready to available and ready to ship in here , what you want  
2	Subject: contract decision louise and / or david : if either of you have a spare moment , i would like to spend 10 minutes to discuss my final thoughts on the proposed employment contract . other than this afternoon i should be available . thanks , rogers 
2	Subject: fw : duke energy trading and marketing , l . l . c . i have not received a response from you regarding the pricing discrepancies on these deals . please let me know which price is correct if possible . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hernandez , elizabeth l . sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 11 : 28 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : duke energy trading and marketing , l . l . c . i have two outstanding pricing issues that i tried to resolve with gary lamphier , but didn ' t have any luck . these deals are both day deals for february 2001 done by danny conner . the customer is showing a pricing difference according to what we have in sitara . can you please help me resolve this pricing issue . sitara deal # sitara price customer price 627800 $ 5 . 25 $ 5 . 23 598392 $ 5 . 78 $ 5 . 77 
2	Subject: re : spreadsheet for george posey george , this is the first cut at the problem you gave us , done by my associate clayton vernon . please , feel free to call him with any question . your friend should check what were the sermons he gave on april 19 and april 25 , in 1998 and 1999 , respectively . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 20 / 2000 02 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clayton vernon @ enron 01 / 20 / 2000 10 : 56 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : spreadsheet for george posey vince - here is an analysis of the fund giving at the church . first off , it appears from the data that a special " appeal " for fund giving was made ( from the pulpit ? ) on april 19 , 1998 and april 25 , 1999 , ( perhaps tied rhetorically into income taxes ? ) . then , by going back and incorporating obvious dates from the calendars for 1997 - 1999 , the following regression analysis is made , where each effect is added independently : giving this sunday  $ 4403 + a minor $ 3 weekly time trend ( i . e . , multiply by the number of weeks since jan . 5 , 1997 ) + no pure effect from last week ' s contributions ( i . e . , denies first - order autoregressive effects ) + $ 2426 if easter sunday or the sunday nearest christmas + $ 9695 if ( pastoral appeal ) april 19 , 1998 or april 25 , 1999 - $ 340 if the sunday falls on the weekend of a monday federal holiday - $ 50 if the sunday following thanksgiving - $ 73 if a summer weekend ( june 1 thru august 31 ) the pure time trend is very small , so an annual projection based on all 3 years data would be for giving to increase only a minor amount ( $ 150 ) for 2000 assuming a similar appeal for giving is made this april . clayton 
2	Subject: power review dear sally , please let me know if you did not receive my voicemail ( not sure i pressed all of the required buttons ) best regards shona - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shona wilson / na / enron on 11 / 09 / 2000 11 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer stevenson 11 / 09 / 2000 11 : 15 am to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : power review attached is a draft front page of our power review . we have not finalized this verbage with tom , but this is the proposed language . please let me know if you have questions or concerns . 
2	Subject: f / r / e / e cable tv f / r / e / e cable tv this is the newest and only item that can descramble digital cable . this is a " true " universal product . it will work on 99 % of all digital cable systems in use today . this will work on the following receivers : http : / / www . click 4 point . com pay - per - view channels adult channels movie channels special order sport channels special events easy installation - installs in seconds ! ! ! more info http : / / www . click 4 point . com remove yourself from the list http : / / www . click 4 point . com / r / 
2	Subject: fw : extension of time period here is the email i received from doug eyberg and my response . i haven ' t heard back from him yet . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koehler , anne c . sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 52 am to : ' " douglas eyberg " > @ enron ' cc : redmond , brian ; coffey jr . , jim subject : re : extension of time period doug , i believe that we should also extend the time period for the reference of disputed items on the working capital statement since we may not resolve everything by the 4 th of december ( given the holidays ) , which by my calculations would be the date for referral of disputed working capital items to the independent auditors . perhaps we could go ahead and build in an extension period for the working capital items that would coincide with the extension for the inventory . let me know what you think . thanks , anne - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " douglas eyberg " > @ enron sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 09 am to : koehler , anne c . subject : extension of time period anne , here is the draft for your review regards , doug douglas k . eyberg leboeuf , lamb , greene & macrae , l . l . p . 1000 louisiana , suite 1400 houston , texas 77002 713 - 287 - 2010 phone 713 - 287 - 2100 fax doug . eyberg @ llgm . com this e - mail , including attachments , contains information that is confidential and may be protected by the attorney / client or other privileges . this e - mail , including attachments , constitutes non - public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient ( s ) . if you are not an intended recipient , please delete this e - mail , including attachments , and notify me . the unauthorized use , dissemination , distribution or reproduction of this e - mail , including attachments , is prohibited and may be unlawful . - 50518 v 2 a . doc > 
2	Subject: harvard business school pub order confirmation order confirmation notification thank you for ordering hbs materials . your order has been received and entered with the confirmation number 01928923 . the purchase order or reference number you provided is [ c ] kaminski , w . our projected ship date is 11 / 13 / 00 , your order will be shipping via ups . per your request , your order will be shipped to the following address : wincenty kaminski enron corp managing director ebl 962 1400 smith houston tx 77002 we appreciate your interest in harvard business school publishing . if we can be of further assistance , please contact our customer service department at ( 800 ) 988 - 0886 or ( 617 ) 783 - 7500 , by fax at ( 617 ) 783 - 7555 , or via email at corpcustserv @ hbsp . harvard . edu . 
2	Subject: ces desk move assuming the test results are good , the move from the ces desks to the appropriate ena desks will take place either wednesday or thursday evening : ces - im east to ena - im east ces - im central ena - im central ces - im texas ena - im texas this move will be done systematically for january forward business . after this move is complete , there should be no active deals remaining on the ces desks . the following is a list of deals that i wanted to bring to your attention and review . one of the base assumptions expressed by all was that there were no transport usage tickets booked on the ces desk . this is not true ; however transport usage tickets will be included in the change over ; therefore this will not be a problem . on the east desk , three desk to desk deals will not be able to be converted ( see below ) . once all ces deals have been changed to the east desk , i would imagine that these three desk to desk deals need to be killed . please advise if there are any questions regarding the desk move . if any desk prefers to leave january as is and have deals moved february forward , manual deal entry will be involved ( ending the deals as of 01 / 31 / 99 on the ces desk and creating a new deal on the appropriate physical desk ) . srm ( x 33548 ) the data below is as of 01 / 24 / 00 7 : 00 pm 
2	Subject: re : personnel i ' d like to discuss everett . i have to say i would have put huge money on you telling me to jump in the lake if i had suggested him . if beth does go i would have thought anthony would be the more obvious choice . why is everyone suddenly buying everett ' s stock - has fallon been doing a sales job ? mrp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : 04 september 2001 07 : 43 to : pickering , mark subject : re : personnel sensitivity : private no idea about beth - she hasn ' t come to see me since she got back . but i think if she does move then everett is the perfect fit and as that group ' s customer i ' m willing to give it a shot . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pickering , mark sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 7 : 30 am to : kitchen , louise subject : personnel importance : high sensitivity : private hi louise , i heard on the grapevine that you might be considering beth for a commerical role - true or false ? i also heard you were interested in plante as a replacement - true or false ? see you soon ( i ' m in this afternoon after closing on my house ) . best regards mrp 
2	Subject: e - news blusoft brasil 2005 bem - vindos | editorial | informaes | eventos paralelos | apoios | organizao newsletter informativo n 2 - 12 / 2004 prezados senhores este o blusoft news n 2 , o boletim eletrnico que traz as ltimas novidades sobre a blusoft brasil 2005 , organizada pela latin event feiras e congressos . nos prximos informativos podero ser conhecidos detalhes sobre os critrios que orientam sua participao neste grande evento , como expositor e visitante . caso voc necessite agora dessas informaes , envie um e - mail para blusoft @ latinevent . com . br equipe latin event visite o site www . latinevent . com . br editorial continuamos com os preparativos da blusoft brasil 2005 feira e congresso de tecnologia , que acontecer de 21 a 24 de junho de 2005 em blumenau - sc . no evento estar reunido o que de melhor e mais moderno est se produzindo em matria de software e tecnologia da informao no pas . durante a blusoft brasil , blumenau tambm sediar a softweek semana nacional do software , que ter diversos eventos verticais relacionados ao segmento , oferecendo atualizao e reciclagem profissional . um dos destaques ser o seminrio de educao tecnologia . eventos paralelos durante a blusoft brasil , blumenau tambm sediar a softweek semana nacional do software , que ter diversos eventos verticais relacionados ao segmento , oferecendo atualizao e reciclagem profissional . veja abaixo , alguns dos eventos que estaro acontecendo na ocasio : - seminrio de educao e tecnologia ; - congresso de solues para impresso digital ; - e - solution congresso de solues para o comrcio eletrnico ; - congresso de solues para governos ; - congresso de telecomunicaes ; - seminrio de segurana da informao ; - seminrio de solues para automao industrial ; - seminrio de tecnologia e mercado ; - programa de compradores corporativos . destaque um dos destaques da semana ser o seminrio educao tecnologia . conhea abaixo alguns detalhes desse evento : seminrio de educao e tecnologia objetivo abordar temas voltados a aperfeioar a gesto das instituies de ensino do ponto de vista humano e tecnolgico , aperfeioando e reciclando profissionais para a captao e manuteno de seus clientes ( alunos ) e ao mesmo tempo propor maneiras e apresentar ferramentas para a reduo de custos operacionais . local em um dos pavilhes da proeb , sero disponibilizados espaos especiais ( business sutes ) onde os compradores recebero os expositores e patrocinadores , atravs de reunies previamente agendadas . pblico alvo reitores de universidades ; coordenadores de cursos ; diretores de escolas ; administradores de escolas ; secretrias de escolas ; professores ; outros profissionais da rea educacional . informaes para mais informaes acesse o site www . blusoftbrasil . com . br apoios - abecortel - associao brasileira das empresas de servios de engenharia de telecomunicaes ; - abipti associao brasileira das instituies de pesquisas tecnolgicas ; - abrat - associao brasileira de empresas de tecnologia da informao - acib - associao comercial e industrial de blumenau ; - ampe - associao das micro e pequenas empresas de blumenau ; - assespro nacional ; - assespro sc ; - badesc ; - cmara brasileira de comrcio eletrnico ; - cdl - cmara de dirigentes lojistas de blumenau ; - finep - financiamento de estudos e projetos ; - funcitec fundao de cincia e tecnologia ; - furb fundao universidade regional de blumenau ; - governo do estado de santa catarina ; - jornal de santa catarina ; - prefeitura de blumenau ; - rbs tv ; - recepet ; - sebrae santa catarina ; - sistema federao das indstrias do estado de santa catarina ; - sucesu - sc sociedade de usurios de informtica e telecomunicaes . organizao latin event feiras e congressos rua paul hering , n 110 - 4 andar 89010 - 050 - bluemnau - centro fone / fax : ( 47 ) 326 - 4267 e - mail : blusoft @ latinevent . com . br site : www . latinevent . com . br se no deseja mais receber estas mensagens , responda esta mensagem com a palavra remover no campo assunto subject  
2	Subject: new alternative remedy may help fight sars , hiv , cancer the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' http : / / crocbiowiz . us / sash kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product learn more http : / / crocbiowiz . us / sash remove me from list  
2	Subject: hii . . ! now online with profiles close to 1 million and counting . follow the url by clicking on it and start enjoying today ! in your area now , woman - house wives ! , looking to cheat http : / / backplane . fbbg . info / murder off http : / / beggar . fbbg . info / 1  
2	Subject: part time job for you . ( ref : 375 ) hq management , s . a . if you have bank account or you can open new one then we need you ! excellent income , no initial investments . no more than couple of hours a day required . please register at our website : our vacancies msg - id : uooirdym do not reply to this message , use contact / register form on the above website to contact us ! copyright 2005 hq management , s . a . all rights reserved . cerise dialect coliform covalent dazzle profundity sawfly resonant boon johnsen emory  
2	Subject: check this stock - it ' s going up up up polk , techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt ) joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 ) shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / o 4 ) current price : $ . 54 a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these small stocks are absolutely flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . wi | | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ? reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press reieases ) 1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china 2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrical usage up to 5 o percent 3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas 4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2005 ) techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instaliation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant lighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrica | contractor " has described the lighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers include power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as we | | as the education , healthcare , commercial , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximately three biliion lighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 100 bi | | ion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient light fixtures for new construction , long - term service and maintenance contracts for customer | ighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems . watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck . certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and ruie 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . a | | statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , inciuding , without | imitation , statements regarding potentia | future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wi | | prove to be accurate and actua | results and future events could differ materia | | y from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personaily guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detaiied in the companys sec fiiings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . ail information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: learn a forgein languages or your money back to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . superdealsl . 0 - 3561305 - 5 b 3 e . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 05 . moosq . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: don ' t condoms suck ? stay hard all night , even with a condom on ! today ' s special : v - i - a - g - r - a , retails for $ 15 , we sell for as low as $ 1 . 90 ! ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / bcdflaghkm . pharmacyforyou . info / ? eijaghkmxtnqybcdfzgvl dickhead blondiejoanna mortimer redwing monopoly robinhooxxxx roy mookie kramer rugby montreal nesbitt sapphire jeanette daddy missionrock hanson kiss medical moroni fountain nirvanal catfishfrogs benson naomi moomoo poiuytirene vicky phoenixl moneyl moomoo design  
2	Subject: order rolex or other swiss watches online heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / www . icors . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . icors . com / z . php 
2	Subject: a better way to shop for health & beauty . enjoy having sex ! peace visits not the guilty mind . ( nemo malus felix ) there is nothing more practical than a good theory . genius is one per cent inspiration , ninety - nine per cent perspiration . 
2	Subject: culture committee next steps please see the attached memo . thanks , and see you on monday , may 14 , at 2 : 00 in eb 32 c 2 . cindy 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe iiiustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , stephaine  
2	Subject: new phone number & address this is the new information for txu energy trading carlos - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 09 / 01 / 2000 07 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jheitmiller @ txuenergy . com on 08 / 31 / 2000 02 : 58 : 00 pm to : aburrell @ utilicorp . com , jgillies @ swbell . net , lsnow @ cantera - resources . com , jbarkus @ cantera - resources . com , weasterl @ txu . com , karenaj @ mitchellgs . com , rlitvik @ markethubs . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , peggy . know @ gt . pge . com , bwood @ altra . com , mmou @ dynegy . com , shjong @ duke - energy . com , ellen _ r _ dailey @ reliantenergy . com , terri _ a _ parrish @ reliantenergy . com , agtaylor @ duke - energy . com , robin . gilbreath @ proenergy . com , robert . harp @ engageenergy . com , jojowpc @ hotbot . com , tannerj @ kochind . com cc : subject : new phone number & address our office will be moving from houston to dallas 9 / 1 / 00 through 9 / 4 / 00 . effective 9 / 5 / 00 my new phone & fax numbers are : phone : 214 875 - 9837 fax : 214 875 - ? ? ? ? if you need to reach me over the labor day weekend i can be paged at 281 266 - 2212 . this pager number will be good until 9 / 11 / 00 . my new pager number 214 512 - 7901 has also been activated . our new address will be 1717 main st . suite 1900 , dallas , tx 75201 . the txu energy trading main number will be 214 875 - 9000 . 
2	Subject: neuro tests end december 15 th  
2	Subject: fw : attack on america . . . . not for the faint - hearted  
2	Subject: call to bob glynn per our discussion this morning , below is a summary of items to discuss with glynn : adding enron ' s " negative ctc claim " to the list of claims : pge ' s filing included a list of top twenty creditors . our negative ctc claim was apparently not taken into account in compiling that list . the list is nonbinding , however . pg & e will be required to file schedules of creditors on april 20 . our negative ctc claim should be on schedule f ( for unsecured claims ) . you may want to remind glynn of your previous conversations and state our expectation that the negative ctc claim will appear ( preferably as uncontested ) in the april 20 filing . ( note : if pg & e does not include the claim we have an opportunity to file a proof of claim and ultimately the court determines the validity of the claim ) . including enron on the creditors ' committee : pg & e may have the opportunity to influence representation on the creditors ' committees . there are several reasons to suggest to glynn that we be included : 1 ) we are a big creditor , 2 ) we could be helpful in crafting a broader solution , and 3 ) we are one of the real parties in interest behind the px and iso ( who were listed as significant creditors but are really just " passthroughs " for the suppliers . . . and pg & e likely would not want to have those political bodies serving on the creditors committee anyway ) . 
2	Subject: christmas cards going out this week please see list attached just once more . i will be forwarding a box of christmas cards for everyone ' s signature . please pass to the next person when you are done . thanks for your patience , adr 
2	Subject: re : mscf speaker series pierre - philippe , yes , we are ready . i shall be accompanied by one person from our analyst / associate program and i would like to ask you if she can be invited to dinner as well . we plan to come thursday night and leave on sat morning to avoid potential flight delay risk . vince pierre - philippe ste - marie on 10 / 08 / 2000 06 : 55 : 27 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : mscf speaker series hi mr . kaminski , just touching base for the 3 rd of november . is everything ready ? sincerely , pierre - philippe ste - marie 
2	Subject: jacobian mere athabascan why not check out g . e . n . e . r . i . c v . i . a . g . r . a . as low as $ 4 . 98 per 100 mg pill we also have these medications in highly discounted generic form : cialis , ambien , xanax , phentermine , valium and levitra . f . r . e . e doctor consultation fast , f . r . e . e delivery convenience : 10 minute o . n . l . i . n . e consultation right now to say so see ya go to : a police detective can only solve a case after he has been suspended from duty . at times i have the strong urge to do something harmful or shocking . your first - aid kit contains two pints of coffee with an i . v . hookup . " why do you want references ? " you ' ve worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week . should you wish to pass yourself off as a german officer , it is not necessary to speak the language . he could lead if he would get the lead out . if i get too much change in a store , i always give it back . your eyes stay open when you sneeze . a bass was painted on the head of the bass drum . candidate said he never finished high school because he was kidnapped and kept in a closet in mexico . 
2	Subject: the first natural male enhancement product hi , plexus , the natural male enhancement product with both immediate and long - term results . - increase size up to 30 % - increase ejaculation amount - intensified and longer orgasms - increase in your stamina - end premature ejaculation - end erectile dysfunction we guarantee your satisfaction , or you get the money back . we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / www . baby 30 . com / best regards , bobby miller  
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? pipestone sophistry architects devoid perished tutoring implementor abruptly naval char mutableness adjure personalizes syllables capita wining subdivides kid lamps fatal roar pixel chiffon preciseness interruption chairs lowest reprieved greeting prefixes substantial structured insulin antares downplayed retinue  
2	Subject: live better howdy , oradder from calanada and sabeve moloney . * p * * we are running holot spekocials * ol * * metods stalerts at only $ g 3 p 9 - $ 69 - mexeridleia , xaponax , cshipbalish , and so mulch mocore - melods are 70 b % lesose than regopular pricoce - no docteror visits or hassles - qupoick diposcrezet delivemory to your front dolror depolivlyery any - wheire inas thes worield easy ? you belt it is . truly yours , jackie stratton contact  
2	Subject: fw : dripping 40 to 60 mmos clips bueons ncoseh ! married lady video no man but a bhckolead eevr wotre , exepct for money . aroha nui n , c  
2	Subject: bc accommodations i received your message canceling redmond and adding clifford . i also confirmed that derek davies is definitely not attending . if we move presto into the 3 bedroom condo with davis and dayao - it would open up a 2 bedroom . hopefully we can obtain another 2 bedroom and then cancel the 5 bedroom . your thoughts please . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: ferc ' s soft price caps : what do they mean ? - cera conference call notification * * * please accept our apologies if you have received this message already * * * we have been experiencing some technical difficulties , and you may have already received this message last week . ? we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused . - cera webmaster title : ferc ' s soft price caps : what do they mean ? url : 0 . html or 0 . html topic : ferc ' s price caps : what do they mean ? * objectives and methodology outlined by ferc in these orders * implications of this form of price cap on competitive power markets * ferc ' s application of other price cap methodologies in other regions format our speakers will address this topic for 30 minutes , with accompanying graphics presented on the internet , followed by an open question and answer period . speakers john athas , cera associate director , north american electric power mike zenker , cera director , western energy time 4 : 00 p . m . eastern , tuesday , april 10 , 2001 eligibility clients eligible to participate in this conference call are those who subscribe to the cera north american electric power retainer advisory service or the western energy retainer advisory service . to enroll to enroll , please send a fax to kari paakaula at ( 617 ) 497 - 0423 or send an e - mail to kpaakaula @ cera . com before 4 : 00 p . m . , monday , april 9 , 2001 . please include your name , company , and telephone number with your correspondence . to participate to participate in the audio portion of the call , please call in on one of the following numbers approximately 10 - 15 minutes before the call : within the united states : 1 - 800 - 946 - 0713 outside the united states : ( 719 ) 457 - 2642 confirmation code : 713248 title of the call : cera power call to participate in the internet portion of the call ( audio is by telephone ) , log on to the internet approximately 15 - 30 minutes before the presentation to ensure technological compatibility . 1 . point your browser to http : / / www . placeware . com / cc / visioncastconferencing 2 . enter the following information , then click " attend " : * your name * meeting id : w 713248 * meeting key : 713838 3 . access audio for the meeting using the audio information above . system requirements and suggestions * internet connection not reliant on the phone line you will use for the call . * a java - enabled browser , such as microsoft internet explorer 3 . 02 or higher ; netscape navigator 3 . 02 or higher ; or sun hot java ( tm ) * close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver to ensure computer compatibility , complete the internet instructions before the day of the call . a message will appear telling you that your meeting is not ready to start . however , it also informs you about any action that you may need to take to prepare your computer to participate . technical assistance if you experience difficulties during the call , you may signal for technical assistance by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad , once connected to the audio portion of the conference . for more information , please contact kari paakaula via e - mail at kpaakaula @ cera . com or via telephone at ( 617 ) 441 - 1362 . a recording of this call will be available until may 10 , 2001 . to access this recording , please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the united states ) or 719 ) 457 - 0820 ( outside the united states ) . please use confirmation number 713248 to access the call . * * end * * e - mail category : conference call notification ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american power , western energy , cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: ces deals fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by donna greif / hou / ect on 04 / 26 / 2000 05 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : dana daigle @ enron 04 / 25 / 2000 03 : 46 pm to : david oliver / hou / ect @ ect , william kelly / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect cc : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect subject : ces deals here are the deal that i have completed today . the numbers in bold are hedged and need to be split . old deal # new deal # desk 142002 251833 east 145075 251851 east 144936 250498 texas 226138 250600 east 226763 250668 east 135842 250703 east 164669 250751 east 227727 250893 east 168454 250932 east 136933 251129 east 136880 251212 east 143673 251257 east 163815 251280 east 136286 251357 east 136287 251394 east 219685 251410 east 158625 251864 east 135895 251619 east 135958 251624 east 164708 251631 east 226538 251641 east 134755 251650 central 144917 251659 texas thanks for you help ! d 
2	Subject: wish you could be better ? penis growth extreme http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / cruelty is like hope : it springs eternal . amusement is the happiness of those who cannot think . to each his own . ( suum cuique ) always forgive your enemies ; nothing annoys them so much . bad news goes about in clogs , good news in stockinged feet . 
2	Subject: telerate service hello everyone : please let me know if you have a subscription to " telerate " ? we are being billed for this service and i do not know who is using it . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: re : your approval is overdue : access request for tom . halliburton @ enron . com authorization granted . the system is not accepting my id and password . vince kaminski arsystem @ ect . enron . com on 09 / 28 / 2000 07 : 05 : 09 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : your approval is overdue : access request for tom . halliburton @ enron . com this request has been pending your approval for 2 days . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000003619 request create date : 9 / 27 / 00 9 : 18 : 21 am requested for : tom . halliburton @ enron . com resource name : unlisted application / software resource type : applications 
2	Subject: gorons thought y ' all might find this amusing . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve venturatos / hou / ect on 10 / 19 / 2000 02 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kelly lombardi @ enron 10 / 17 / 2000 06 : 34 pm to : cyndie balfour - flanagan / corp / enron @ enron , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gorons don ' t know who you ' re voting for , but here some things you might want to consider - what is a goron 1 . gorons sincerely believe that vice president gore is a true environmentalist , when he has an environmental disaster on his own farm : a polluting zinc mine , from which he received $ 500 , 000 of income last year . 2 . gorons likewise believe that the vp is antismoking and anti - tobacco when he has operated a tobacco farm for decades and accepted government subsidies . 3 . gorons truly believe that gore is a vietnam war hero , when in fact he was placed by family influence in a " cushy " correspondent ' s job and the only action he saw was that of his brownie camera ! ( and his bong ) 4 . gorons actually believe that mr . gore is justified in illegally raising political funds from the office of the vp , simply because the vanderbilt law educated vp claims he was ignorant of the illegality . 5 . gorons further believe that it was ok for al to accept large sums of political money from china through buddhist monks who had taken vows of poverty , since he again claimed ignorance . 6 . gorons also believe that the man who claimed to " invent the internet " would be so computationally ignorant that he could lose weeks of potentially incriminating e - mail ! 7 . gorons , incredibly , believe gore ' s claim that he and tipper were the models for the book and movie , " love story " even though the book ' s author , erich segal , says not . 8 . gorons , amazingly , believe that gore will be the consumer ' s champion against high gasoline prices although gore holds a million dollars in occidental petroleum stock . 9 . gorons applaud mr . lieberman ' s open rejection of president clinton ' s immorality , but believe it was fine for mr . gore to remain silent on the subject , while simultaneously declaring mr . clinton " one of the greatest presidents of our history . " 10 . gorons believe that al gore is an effective leader , when they won ' t bother to look at his record as a tennessee senator , a record so ineffective that it has led to the election of republicans as both of tennessee ' s senators ! 11 . gorons hold the belief that gore is a compassionate man who will be the working man ' s friend , in spite of the eviction notice he served to the poor family who complained about the conditions of the run down slum house that he was renting to them . cautionary note : medical researchers acknowledge that gorons are generally harmless , except when allowed into a voting booth . there , unfortunately , overcome by their gullibility syndrome , they are apt to actually vote for gore ! they should be carefully protected from their ailment , since it may be harmful to their well - being , yours , mine and that of the usa . therefore , please , heed the surgeon general ' s warning , reach out to aid the gorons in overcoming the syndrome , and , please , pass this on to your normal friends , who might also know gorons who need immediate treatment . 
2	Subject: re : trading algorithms andy , sounds good . one comment : vasant is swamped with work coordinating several high profile projects . bob is very productive and thorough and will get a lot of support internally from other members of the group : this contribution may not be directly visible but it will be still very important . we appreciate your hands - on involvement . it ' s always the most important condition of a successful project to have direct and frequent interaction with the customer . look fwd to working on this project . vince from : andy zipper / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 18 / 2001 01 : 57 pm to : jay webb / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : trading algorithms guys , here is what i took away from our meeting : 1 ) . research will continue working on custom reporting off of enrononline data . 2 ) . research will continue working on market analysis off of enrononline data 3 ) . research will a contribute a resource to the trading algorithm effort , presumably one at this point in time . i would prefer it to be vasant but i am flexible . the trading algorithm group will be run by the enrononline team with its product reviewed by research . it is my belief that projects like this require a firm commercial hand in their infancy to make sure they stay on the right track . if this presents a problem for anyone please let me know so that we can discuss . thanks , andy 
2	Subject: your last chance ! tomorrow is the last day of the ets food & toy drive . if you haven ' t already done so , please consider bringing non - perishable food or a new toy to help those less fortunate in the head start program , ets ' adopted united way agency . decorated boxes are located at the following locations : rita houser  ) eb 4049 ruth mann - eb 4755 amelia alder - 3 ac 3120 emily sellers  ) eb 4771 janice hogan - 3 ac 3718 alma martinez  ) eb 1147 julie armstrong  ) eb 4154 kathy campos  ) eb 4055 tammy kovalcik  ) eb 3931 ricki winters  ) eb 4107 thanks again for your donations ! 
2	Subject: 7 th noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 06 / 2000 10 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 06 / 2000 10 : 26 : 49 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : 7 th noms ( see attached file : egmnom - jan . xls ) - egmnom - jan . xls 
2	Subject: team meeting eb - 4102 has been reserved for this meeting . adr - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by audrey robertson / et & s / enron on 07 / 17 / 2000 01 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin hyatt 07 / 17 / 2000 01 : 53 pm to : market team cc : audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron subject : team meeting we will have a brief 1 hour team meeting on thurs at 10 : 00 am , ( 7 / 20 ) . audrey , will you pls locate a room and let us know where . thanks kh 
2	Subject: your wife deserves better piease o _ r . d . e . ruestion we can provide you that extra bit of stiffness make love like a pornstar http : / / medsrealcheap . com kind regards , nathaniel seay phone : 773 - 317 - 4276 mobile : 134 - 421 - 9941 email : koptprtuosxm @ prontomail . com s , t . o . p http : / / medsrealcheap . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: data requests : privileged and confidential , attorney client privilege until we have answered the ferc data requests , please do not engage in any discussions with sid or sempra or any outside party on that subject . if they contact us , refer them to me . if any " ordinary course of business " conversations are necessary between now and tuesday cob with sid or sempra , and the subject comes up , refer them to me . i ' ll coordinate a meeting mon . am so we can decide how to address this with the outside world if at all . df 
2	Subject: bc accommodations i received your message canceling redmond and adding clifford . i also confirmed that derek davies is definitely not attending . if we move presto into the 3 bedroom condo with davis and dayao - it would open up a 2 bedroom . hopefully we can obtain another 2 bedroom and then cancel the 5 bedroom . your thoughts please . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fwd : bargain : v : alium # v | @ gra $ : x : anax ? fi ` 0 ric 3 t pnte / r / min tburn we offer a complimentary medical consultation with one of our doctors to determine which treatment is best for you . highest quality drugs we offer : $ : pntermin : ? v | @ gra  va / l / ium # x @ nax ` s : o : ma % at ` | v @ n plus : fl 3 xe : ril , ce | 3 b : rex , fi : 0 ric 3 t , tr ` am @ do | , u | : tr @ m , l 3 vitr ' a , prop 3 c . ia , ac ' yc | 0 vir , pro . z @ c , p @ xi ' l , bu . sp @ r , adipe : x , ion ` amin , m : 3 ridia , x 3 nica : | , a ' mbi 3 n , son ` ata all medications are fda approved . best prices here .  
2	Subject: time sensitive . . . refer to # f 781557 hi again , i sent you an email last week and just wanted to confirm everything . please review the info below and let me know if you have any questions . i ' m happy to inform you that we are accepting you mo rtgage application . if you have bad cr . edit , it is ok . we are ready to give you a $ 200 , 000 loa n for $ 350 / month payment . appr oval process will take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill out the short form . thank you http : / / landrater . net / ? partid  moffob best regards , ceo : santos gorman lst union financiers future correspondence choices : landrater . net / st . html  
2	Subject: re : fw : fw : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university hi nalin , martin lin asked if you have a paper " or something " related to the lecture you will be giving to us on may 17 th . ciao , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lin , martin sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 52 am to : mack , iris subject : re : fw : fw : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university is there a paper or something related to this topic that we can look over beforehand ? thanks , martin iris mack / enron @ enronxgate 04 / 27 / 01 05 : 42 pm to : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / enron communications @ enron communications , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : fw : fw : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mack , iris sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 2 : 45 pm to : crenshaw , shirley ; crenshaw , shirley ; dupont , anita cc : kaminski , vince ; ' nalink @ bu . edu ' subject : fw : fw : visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university hi , here is the title and abstract for professor kulatilaka ' s talk on may 17 th at our 11 : 30 am research group luncheon / seminar . iris title : " using the mobile internet to make new markets " abstract : professor kulatilaka will talk about some new ideas that he is working on which involve using the micro billing / payments capability of a packet - switched wireless network to create new markets . the potential markets range from spot markets for local spectrum to congestion - based pricing for highways . 
2	Subject: done : new sitara desk request ( ref cc # 20000813 ) carey , per scott ' s request below the following business unit ( aka : desk id , portfolio ) was added to global production and unify development , test , production and stage . please copy to the other global environments . thanks , dick , x 3 - 1489 updated in global production environment gcc code desc : p ent subenti data _ cd ap data _ desc code _ id - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - a sit deskid imcl a ena - im cleburne 9273 from : scott mills 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 27 am to : samuel schott / hou / ect @ ect , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , judy rose / hou / ect @ ect , vanessa schulte / corp / enron @ enron , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , shawna johnson / corp / enron @ enron , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new sitara desk request this needs to be available in production by early afternoon . sorry for the short notice . srm ( x 33548 ) 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122520 . txt 
2	Subject: re : response from lenos steve , i shall e - mail you my standard real option spin presentation + plus a presentation on enron ( for analysts ) . you can use a few slides to introduce the company . i would prefer not to disseminate the information about the use of amc . the industry does not know about it yet and i consider it a very powerful tool ( given its flexibility ) . i have the files on my laptop . i shall bring it to work to morrow and send it to you . please , remind me about it on thursday ( old age and the hectic pace here start showing up ) . vince steven leppard 04 / 26 / 2000 05 : 09 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : response from lenos vince lenos got back to me , and said he ' d prefer a high - level overview of real options in enron , perhaps using my notation to express the ideas . he wants me to keep away from the technicalities of my work . would you send me your ( usual ) powerpoint presentation on real options , and i ' ll look at manipulating it to include my diagrams . my own efforts to date have been on fairly limited power plant modelling / asset development , and i obviously don ' t have the high - level view you have . this will ensure i get the full range of real option type deals in my presentation . if required i could present the real option problems i have analysed , namely : 1 . maintenance scheduling in power plant operation ; 2 . gas storage ; 3 . power plant asset development , which would include ( 1 ) as a sub - tree . i will also need your advice on whether i can talk about the fact that we prefer american monte carlo to build our trees . i haven ' t used amc myself up till now , i ' ve been carrying out static optimizations , with different price curve scenarios being run through . i ' m still working on selling the full stochastic dynamic programming approach - people are just getting to the stage of accepting my deterministic dp , and they ' re still being supplied with useful products , as per my " real options strategy " document . cheers , steve 
2	Subject: we need to run a little project over the next week or so . i think it is time that you have someone inventory all the projects you have going in your group , sit down and go over them with me and then you and i make sure they still have support from a business unit or make sense at all . some of them involve it resources and some don ' t . i just want to take a breath for a moment and make sure every project you are doing ( outside the daily operations that are so critical ) is necessary and still has a sponsor at a business unit . if not , we can stop several side projects and focus on the critical ones , save some money and make sure we get the 5 to 10 things that absolutely have to be done completed . your thoughts ? gp 
2	Subject: re : first quote from greg should read : " we see no reason for gas and power markets to become unstable in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies " . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kean , steven j . sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 19 pm to : denne , karen ; koenig , mark ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; kean , steven j . cc : whalley , greg ; derrick jr . , james subject : see draft release for first thing in the am . enron appeals for calm in us natural gas and power markets enron appealed today for calm in us natural gas and power markets . enron will be available to buy and sell natural gas and power both over the phone and through its online platform enrononline . " we see no reason for gas and power markets to panic in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies , " said greg whalley , president and chief operating officer . " these are domestic commodities and the physical infrastructure is secure and operating . " enrononline will be open for gas and power transactions from 7 : 00 am to 12 : 00 noon , cdt to enable market participants to make purchases and sales and adjust their positions as necessary . [ boilerplate ] 
2	Subject: xp pro , adobe , office 2 oo 3 charset  us - ascii " > along system dinner definite mountain later idea occur done satisfied laid account shining hill stomach my show across desire beauty size understood guard cries 1472 softwares for you to choose froma - z titles , instant download ! if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired software isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) 40 $ adobe creative suite premium ( 5 cds ) 35 $ adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 50 $ 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) 35 $ adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) 40 $ alias wavefront maya 6 . 0 unlimited ( 2 cds ) 25 $ microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack - 1 ( 2 cds ) 25 $ microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack - 2 ( 2 cds ) 35 $ microsoft project 2002 pro 25 $ microsoft office publisher 2003 ( 1 cd ) 35 $ microsoft visio 2003 pro ( 1 cd ) 35 $ microsoft windows xp professional with sp 2 ( 1 cd ) & more softwares over 1400 popular titles to chooseno more paying high for your softwares   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz allow 1 - 2 mins to complete the page loading ) no future mail meant view way placed school confidence stopped least four table your heard ninety stone journey hardly work number shining years procedure least same  
2	Subject: software compatibility . . . . ain ' t it great ? full version of the software . the conscience of a people is their power . never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity . 
2	Subject: wall street phenomenon reaps rewards secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! total shares issued outstanding : 9 o , 0 oo , 000 est current price : o . 11 2 oo 4 success lead into an exciting 20 o 5 . secured data inc . announced in december the ciosing of a transaction for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company . huifeng is a chinese based exporter of bulk pharmaceutica | drugs and neutraceutica | products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets . huifeng has achieved gmp status in china in addition to receiving iso 9 ool industrial certification with respect to its manufacturing , distribution and quality of produced compounds . inciuded in the stabie of compounds currentiy produced by huifeng are : rutin nfl 1 , troxerutin dab 99 , quercetin 98 % , l - rhamnone , diosimin ep 4 , belladonna ep 4 , silymarin dabl 0 , hesperidin , matrine , oxymatrine , phytosterol , stigmastero | , pueraria , reseveratorl , naringin , baicaiin berberine hydrochlorrde , 10 - deacety | baccatin , paciitaxol , gikgo biloba p . e . , grape seed p . e . , epimedium extract , pueraria lobata extract , magnoiia p . e . , red ciover p . e . , chiorogenic acid , gynostema extract , fructucs aurantii p . e . , acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goal of major corporate growth ! huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 2 ooo with a view to become a cost effective producer and suppiier of buik pharmaceutica | and neutraceutical products woridwide . one of the major components of the vaiue attached to the acquisition of huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and patented technology relating to the production of rutin . rutin is a member of biofiavonoids , a large group of phenoiic secondary metaboiites of piants that inciude more than 2 , ooo different known chemicais . bioflavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are important nutrients due to their ability to strengthen and modulate the permeability of the wa | | s of the blood vesseis inciuding capi | | aries . with their unique and patented technoiogy , huifeng expects to become a major force in the rutin markets worldwide . secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the ownership of proprietary technoiogy , strong corporate reiations with chinese governmenta | agencies , certified manufacturing facilities and access to growing markets in which to se | | its drug products . estimated revenues for 2004 - 2 oo 5 are more then $ 10 o mi | | ion usd further deveiopments of the transaction and the development at huifeng should be expected in the near future . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade tuesday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: you have to be kidding me . this is a special advertisement . 437 e 1000 s pleasant grove , ut 84062 to unsubscribe and not receive any future mailings for any of our offers please click here the link below : please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010612 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 12 / preferred : 352 . 73 / final : 352 . 70 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 6 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: re : cp & l okay guys , this one has been corrected . the measured volumes pulled through this morning . the allocations are corrected with deal # 92399 on the 215 contract taking the swing . anything else just let me know . chawkins enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 06 / 08 / 2000 08 : 53 am to : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cp & l charlotte , please verify cp & l back to the first of june . darren told me that it is allocating incorrectly and it is causing part of our ua 4 problem for current month . please check this out asap . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: inititial counterparty list louise , attached is the initial list of counterparty names for the launch date . if a name was on the original list you provided we have added all major counterparties in the group . as we will need to get credit limits approved on an expedited basis , please provide any adjustments to this list you deem necessary as soon as possible . thanks , bill 
2	Subject: re : global operations controller forum look forward to participating . is there an agenda for the offsite ? i was wanting to determine if any of my key team members may be invited to attend certain segments due to areas of interest and / or making contacts across enron . thank you meredith 
2	Subject: re : swing and buybacks the buyback for marthon - ashland will be put in today . julie aimee lannou 12 / 01 / 2000 08 : 16 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : swing and buybacks julie - do you have the current swing ad buybacks list for december ? please let me know when you have it all together . thanks . aimee 
2	Subject: ask tina if we can go luuuuuuube it up . make her happy . it will make u happy as well . evergreen bullfinch continual endgame goose integer hydroxyl blare corp clobber drawback . emitter lapelled saigon asbestos cannibal checkerboard rue changeover official cannister homeric drape disaccharide antler facilitate frieze chloroplatinate are puff declassify transpond . stoop thiiiiis .  
2	Subject: hi again , here is vicki dunham . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards vicki dunham first account manager 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . vnd so / f / tware like xp , adobe and others at 70 % off store prices get specials group packages now !  
2	Subject: madge , absence of proof is not proof of absence . if you ' re going to kick authority in the teeth , you might as well use two feet . here is my principle : taxes shall be levied according to ability to pay . that is the only american principle .  
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 5 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 405 . xls ) - hplno 405 . xls 
2	Subject: looking for a specific medication ? let us know what you need ! you can finally get real viagra medication that works ! the consumer ' s side of the coffin lid is never ostentatious . the future belongs to those who dare . he that is not open to conviction , is not qualified for discussion . 
2	Subject: all prescriptions are dispensed by licensed pharmacists 36 hours : for all your needs : ) if man could have half his wishes , he would double his troubles . a small rock holds back a great wave . in necessary things , unity ; in doubtful things , liberty ; in all things , charity . life ' s too short for chess . 
2	Subject: urgent proposal . from : mr . williams kanga . tel : + 27 - 83 - 477 - 3694 . email : willkanga @ webmail . co . za email : willkanga @ yahoo . co . uk dear sir / madam , you may be surprised to receive this message from me since you don ? t know me in person . first and foremost i wish to introduce my self to you ; i am mr . williams kanga , the son of late mr . prince kanga , who was murdered as a result of the land dispute in zimbabwe . my mother and i got your contact through the south african international exchange network on - line here in johannesburg , south africa and then decided to write you for your kind assistance . my late father was among the few zimbabwean farmers that were secretly murdered in cold blood by the agent of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party and the white farmers , who ? s farm are been taken over by the president and his supporters . before the death of my father , he deposited the sum of twelve million , two hundred thousand us dollars ( $ 12 . 2 m ) with a security and finance company johannesburg , south africa , as if he knew the looming danger in zimbabwe . the money was deposited as a gem and precious stone to avoid much demurrage and confiscation of the consignment by the security firm . this money was originally earmarked for the purchase of new machinery and chemicals for his farms and for the establishment of new farms in the neighboring countries ( lesotho and swaziland ) . after the death of my father , we decided to move out from zimbabwe through the help of the leader of the opposition party ( mdc ) to south africa were he deposited this fund . my mother , my younger brother and i are currently residing in south africa as refugees . but we have decided to transfer this money to a foreign country where we can invest it because we are exercising fears in investing this money in south africa to avoid us encountering the same experience in future since both counties have the same political history . moreover , the south african monetary policy / law does not allow such investment since we are asylum seekers . my mother and i have agreed to give 30 % of the total money if you can assist us to transfer the money to your account in your country , the remaining 70 % will be for us which we shall also invest in your country under your assistance . therefore , if you are willing and interested to render the needed assistance , endeavor to reply to the email address or call me with the above telephone number . i also need your private phone and fax number for easy communication . remember that this is highly confidential . we trust that you will be able to help us without reservation . looking forward to receiving your reply . best regard . williams kanga ( for the family ) . 
2	Subject: the maple leafs i have been notified that td securities will be coming wednesday morning for due diligence on netco . they will arrive between 8 and 8 : 30 am with a team of 9 people and plan on being here through thursday night . i will be coordinating things for them on the corp dev side . please let me know who your commercial coordinator is and the schedule for the first day presentations . the data room is currently located in ecn 3371 ; however we are trying to find a room that would be more accomodating for such a large group . i will send you the names and titles of td ' s team as soon as i get it . thanks , mari capestany x 33519 
2	Subject: organizational announcement it is with regret that i have to announce that jeff skilling is leaving enron . today , the board of directors accepted his resignation as president and ceo of enron . jeff is resigning for personal reasons and his decision is voluntary . i regret his decision , but i accept and understand it . i have worked closely with jeff for more than 15 years , including 11 here at enron , and have had few , if any , professional relationships that i value more . i am pleased to say that he has agreed to enter into a consulting arrangement with the company to advise me and the board of directors . now it ' s time to look forward . with jeff leaving , the board has asked me to resume the responsibilities of president and ceo in addition to my role as chairman of the board . i have agreed . i want to assure you that i have never felt better about the prospects for the company . all of you know that our stock price has suffered substantially over the last few months . one of my top priorities will be to restore a significant amount of the stock value we have lost as soon as possible . our performance has never been stronger ; our business model has never been more robust ; our growth has never been more certain ; and most importantly , we have never had a better nor deeper pool of talent throughout the company . we have the finest organization in american business today . together , we will make enron the world ' s leading company . on thursday at 10 : 00 a . m . houston time , we will hold an all employee meeting at the hyatt . we will broadcast the meeting to our employees around the world where technically available , and i look forward to seeing many of you there . 
2	Subject: proposed solution pat , i have been working with volume management , settlements , vance , and bob to clean up some prior period and prior - to - current month issues . this process should result in a correction to booked profit / loss for vance and the desk . this has brought to my attention that we have been paying some parties manually for volumes when deals are not correctly entered . i would propose that logistics be included in the communication of when checks are manually cut . it would be especially beneficial if we tracked manual checks by counterparty , meter , and / or deal ticket id or price . i feel that this will allow us to spot and resolve potential issues more effectively . please let me know what your thoughts are on this matter . thank you for your time , mary ext 35251 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for jeremy . waggenspack @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000005411 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 10 / 23 / 00 8 : 48 : 43 am requested for : jeremy . waggenspack @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: fw : puc votes to suspend direct access effective september 20 th , but continues to hold out threat of retroactivity the commission also delayed a decision on whether contract renewal will be included under the suspension . jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dasovich , jeff sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 2 : 46 pm to : kean , steven j . ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; gahn , scott ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa ; higgason , kelly ; whalley , greg subject : puc votes to suspend direct access effective september 20 th , but continues to hold out threat of retroactivity the commission suspended direct access effective september 20 th . the decision orders the utilities to stop accepting dasrs for contracts executed after 9 . 20 . 01 . but astonishingly , the language in the proposed decision states that the commission will take more time to consider whether the effective date should be pushed back to july 1 . in short , that battle continues . how the commission will proceed in continuing to consider retroactivity is uncertain at this time . the commission held over until its next meeting the decision regarding the rate agreement between dwr and the puc . best , jeff 
2	Subject: fw : bernstein on ene - - - - - original message - - - - - from : edmonds , marcus sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 9 : 02 am to : kolle , brian ; proffitt , tim ; bills , lisa ; deffner , joseph ; ghosh , soma ; galan , joseph m . ; ward , charles ; herron , chris ; angelos , megan ; rios , amy ; neff , brandon ; mataya , tony ; williams , jimmie ; golden , jeff ; muller , mark ; kiehne , sean ; taylor , ryan ; quaintance jr . , alan ; jafry , rahil ; vanek , darren ; stark , jon ; keng ann ( clement ) lau ( e - mail ) ; seksaria , rahul ; rezaeian , reza ; gobel , jens ; stephan , nicholas j ; garg , alok ; gupta , gautam subject : fw : bernstein on ene some positive news . have a magnificent day , marcus 
2	Subject: asset valuation indicates cheap shares won ' t stay for long newsletter - june issue 20 o 5 in june ' s issue we are going to profile a stoc . k that is very much undervalued and is involved in the red hot homeland security sector . ground floor opportunity for everybody . this small treasure is : vnbl . ob ( vinoble , inc . ) the stoc . k is trading at only o . 09 - 0 . 1 o cents and we expect it could hit $ o . 3 o - $ 0 . 35 by mid july . huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ o . 25 range stoc . k symbol : ( vnbl . ob ) current price : $ o . o 9 we expect the price to go to $ o . 22 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ o . 30 in next 2 weeks . about the company : vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . big news expected from this company in the next few days . this kind of news could really move this stock . stoc . k symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . 09 we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 20 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 25 in next 2 weeks . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc . ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . 
2	Subject: re : hart - scott approval did ubs waive the employee cp ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : fri 2 / 1 / 2002 7 : 53 pm to : presto , kevin m . cc : subject : re : hart - scott approval friday unfortunately - i asked for earlier . lavo asked the same question - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 7 : 48 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : hart - scott approval when will we close ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : fri 2 / 1 / 2002 6 : 51 pm to : colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; calger , christopher f . ; curry , mike ; belden , tim ; white , stacey w . ; steffes , james d . ; oxley , david ; lavorato , john ; whalley , greg cc : subject : fw : hart - scott approval - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louis . eber @ ubsw . com @ enron sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 5 : 53 pm to : mary . barker @ ubsw . com ; beth . barrett @ ubsw . com ; michael . bolin @ ubsw . com ; mark . bridges @ ubsw . com ; markus . buergler @ ubsw . com ; natacha . carrel @ ubs . com ; forster , david ; oxley , david ; port , david ; colette . dow @ ubsw . com ; per . dyrvik @ ubsw . com ; lisa . feld @ ubs . com ; joel . forbes @ ubsw . com ; dan . foy @ ubsw . com ; alexander . fusco @ ubsw . com ; william . glass @ ubs . com ; thomas - a . graf @ ubsw . com ; peter . haines @ ubsw . com ; webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; sid . karpoff @ ubsw . com ; steve . kinross @ ubsw . com ; flenti @ ubspw . com ; mark . leroux @ ubsw . com ; louise @ enron . com ; mark . e . haedicke @ enron . com ; audrey . martin @ ubsw . com ; christian . maytain @ ubsw . com ; matt . meinel @ ubsw . com ; ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ; martin . nadel @ ubsw . com ; davies , neil ; pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ; keohane , peter ; ernest . pittarelli @ ubsw . com ; breilly @ ubspw . com ; cheryl . roberts @ ubsw . com ; claudia . robinson @ ubsw . com ; charles . ross - stewart @ ubsw . com ; beck , sally ; michael . stockman @ ubsw . com ; rocco . veltri @ ubsw . com ; mark . wallace @ ubsw . com ; colwell , wes ; bradford , william s . subject : re : hart - scott approval we have just been informed that the ftc has granted early termination of the hart - scott - rodino waiting period for the purchase of enron ' s gas and power business . visit our website at this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: hi again , here is mari chandler . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards mari chandler first account manager 
2	Subject: fw : contingency floor hi louise , are you in agreement with these charges , and which team should i apply them to ( trading teams vs ooc ) ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leschber , edie sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 7 : 19 pm to : killen , faith subject : fw : contingency floor - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clemings , gwen sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 1 : 31 pm to : leschber , edie subject : contingency floor hi edie ! i have attached two files that i received from andrew parsons for enron america ' s headcount on the contingency floor . per andrew , he discussed this project , ( which will provide traders with an alternative workspace should the need arise ) , with louise kitchen . this expense project is being carried on net works books and will be allocated out to the business units using project settlement rules in the project system module of sap . this project will cover the period september through december , 2001 and should cost approximately $ 750 k in total . i will need a cost center or account or project , etc . to charge enron america ' s share ( . 270 for power and . 402 for gas ) of the costs . thank you for your prompt attention ! gwen x 33904 
2	Subject: re : frank , i am definitely interested in the resume . i can meet the candidate on campus when i visit my son . i am planning to come to palo alto around thanksgiving . also , energy and power risk management ( an english publication ) organizes every year in houston a power risk conference ( typically in may ) . they ask me for recommendations regarding speakers . would you be interested in participating ? vince " frank a . wolak " on 11 / 13 / 2000 08 : 44 : 57 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : vince , i am writing about a student of mine who is on the job market this year . when you stopped by my office , about 18 months ago you asked if i had any students that might be appropriate for your group . although i didn ' t at the time , now i do . this student has excellent technical skills , including an m . s . in statistics and a ph . d . in economics by the end of the current academic year . his dissertation research is on the investment behavior of independent power producers in the us . as a result of research assistance he has done for me , he knows the california market very well and is familiar with the other isos . i think he would be an excellent match for you . the only problem is that he will probably have many other options available . however , i definitely think he ' s worth a look . if you ' d like him to send you a cv , please let me know . thanks . frank wolak professor frank a . wolak email : wolak @ zia . stanford . edu department of economics phone : 650 - 723 - 3944 ( office ) stanford university fax : 650 - 725 - 5702 stanford , ca 94305 - 6072 phone : 650 - 856 - 0109 ( home ) world - wide web page : http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ wolak cell phone : 650 - 814 - 0107 
2	Subject: fw : enron mentions so louise ! you ' ve made it to the top 50 . won ' t be long before you reach no . 1 congrats . so how is life in houston with the new little addition , well not so new now . yours a respectful little peon - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nelson , dennis sent : 02 october 2001 15 : 18 to : romano , marcello ; omar , awais subject : fw : enron mentions [ dn ] thought you guys might appreciate this most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year business wire , 10 / 01 / 01 most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 drop in natural - gas prices may be good for consumers but hinder new production by alexei barrionuevo staff reporter of the wall street journal 10 / 02 / 2001 the wall street journal c 7 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) in the wake of last month ' s terrorist attacks , natural - gas prices have slid below $ 2 per million british thermal units , frustrating any hopes that prices will rebound this year to levels that would encourage more investment in natural - gas projects . analysts predict that with prices at current levels , projects to bring more liquefied natural gas into the u . s . could be shelved or canceled . natural - gas prices , which reached highs of nearly $ 10 per million btus last december , had held to around $ 3 to $ 5 per million btus for much of the year . at $ 2 per million btus and below , producers have a hard time justifying exploration and new production . analysts blamed the drop on weak industrial demand , fueled by the struggling chemicals and metals industries and by weaker electric - utility demand . nearby november futures fell 36 cents yesterday to $ 2 . 208 on the new york mercantile exchange . in the boston area , however , different concerns could lead to higher prices for that region . last week , the u . s . coast guard , under pressure from local lawmakers , indefinitely banned lng tankers from entering boston harbor . lng makes up 15 % of new england ' s gas supply and nearly half of its supply on very cold days . the coast guard and department of transportation are studying concerns that a lng tanker could become a bomb for terrorists . already , relative to other areas , natural - gas prices have inched higher in new england , where natural - gas pipeline constraints have long hampered the market . the spread between prices in new england and the gulf coast widened last week by 30 cents to $ 1 . 30 per million btus , said a spokeswoman for distrigas , a unit of belgium ' s tractebel sa . but the lack of lng isn ' t likely to become a big issue until winter hits and natural - gas storage is used up . richard grant , ceo of distrigas , says lng has a 30 - year safety record at the company ' s everett , mass . , terminal . while lng is flammable , he says it is unlikely to explode . he adds that " there are a lot of things being said right now that are just not factual . but until we answer the concerns , we won ' t be able to bring a ship in here . " deutsche banc alex . brown was among several brokerage firms downgrading fourth - quarter projections for natural - gas prices last week . " prior to sept . 11 , we were seeing signs that a lot of industrial demand was coming back , " said jay saunders , a deutsche banc analyst . " but all that is out the window now . " deutsche banc is now estimating a 20 % drop in winter demand in the industrial sector , which accounts for more than a quarter of total u . s . natural - gas consumption . the slack demand has resulted in supplies that have practically overflowed storage , which is on pace to be full by the end of october . while prices that are close to historical levels are good for consumers , such low prices could scare many producers away from making investments to ensure future natural - gas demand is met . lower prices have already led energy companies to slow their drilling and some firms , such as eog resources inc . , plan to moderate production in the next two months . gas drilling - rig counts fell to 953 last week from 1 , 030 at the end of august . even with the increased natural - gas drilling of earlier this year , overall natural - gas supply is expected to increase just 1 % this year , as the country ' s mature wells continue to be depleted faster than companies can replace them . the tight supply picture has analysts optimistic that prices will rebound next year amid lower interest rates , increased defense and relief spending and returning consumer confidence . still , the downturn could cause some firms to rethink or postpone projects to import gas in a liquid form . with prices high last winter , el paso corp . and enron corp . , among others , said they would build a dozen or so receiving terminals for liquefied natural gas , which is gas compressed and frozen to minus - 260 degrees fahrenheit . " you will see some cancellations and some delays , " predicts marshall adkins , an analyst with raymond james & associates in houston . natural - gas prices need to average $ 3 per million btus on the east coast and $ 3 . 50 on the west coast to justify bringing in lng to those areas , said ronald barone , an analyst with ubs warburg . a spokeswoman for el paso , houston , says the company is moving forward with at least three terminals for the u . s . market . enron said it is also pushing ahead with a terminal in the bahamas that would pipe the gas to florida starting in 2004 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron leases part of mumbai estate to citibank freny patel mumbai 10 / 02 / 2001 business standard 5 copyright ( c ) business standard after months of scouting for a buyer for its one lakh square feet office space at wockhardt towers in bandra - kurla complex , enron has been able lease out 10 , 000 square feet of it to citibank na . against an expected realisation from rs 130 crore for the outright sale of its four floors , enron will get around rs 1 . 2 crore a year by leasing out one floor to citibank . the deal was struck recently by the global real estate consultant , cushman & wakefield , at a monthly rental of rs 100 per square foot . with property prices in mumbai having slumped and with no reprieve expected in the short run , companies are increasingly opting to lease space instead of blocking funds in illiquid assets . property consultants say that if enron manages to lease out the entire four floors , it will be easier for it to sell the property to a buyer , as the buyer would be assured of a fixed income . enron had eyed a deal of rs 130 crore when it mandated global real estate consultants to sell the premises at around rs 12 , 000 per square foot . this is despite the fact that real estate at bandra kurla currently fetches rs 8 , 000 to rs 9 , 000 per square feet . in june 2000 , the us energy giant had shelled out rs 125 . 75 crore when it acquired the four floors , plus car park space , from wockhardt , the pharmaceutical company . the deal was struck at rs 10 , 500 per sq ft , and included parking space for 101 cars . industry sources said that enron had spent a sum close to rs 150 crore to acquire the property , and pay for the interior furnishings of two of the four floors it had acquired . in order for it to break even , it would have had to sell its real estate at the rate of rs 13 , 000 per square foot . four to five global real estate consultants have been appointed by enron for the sale of its premises . a leading consultant said that it has been difficult to find any buyers for such a large property . " most international buyers prefer to take property on lease instead of an outright purchase , " he added . moreover , the inefficiency of the building in terms of the super built - up area is another reason why corporate entities are not too eager to acquire the premises , and enron ' s proposition continues to go abegging , said the consultant . copyright ? 2000 dow jones ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia contact : for fortune terry mcdevitt , 212 / 522 - 4788 terry _ mcdevitt @ timeinc . com carrie welch , 212 / 522 - 6724 carrie _ welch @ timeinc . com caroline plauche , 212 / 522 - 2134 caroline _ plauche @ timeinc . com 12 : 24 edt october 1 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: improve in hdl ( good ) cholesterol this site is so great recapture your youth and feel the energy for many , this is a powerful second chance press here to read about http : / / xoq . s . lactationunravel . com / sx / this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leland [ mailto : rosaline @ mqfhqnov . com ] sent : tuesday , march 2 , 2005 8 : 05 am to : keira ; cassondra @ xicyes . com ; terrilyn ; alisa ; agueda subject : i received excellent customer service address listed above and just see site to be gone from the db where are we ? rob heard the little sailor ask . coast of oregon , was the reply . we ' re about seven miles from port orford by land an ' about ten miles by sea . where is dorothy ? enquired zeb , anxiously , as he left the buggy and stood beside his friend the little wizard . 
2	Subject: japanese power market thank you for letting me read our market overview and business model for japan . when i went to the exotic energy derivatives conference in december , i met masayuki fujita , who studies the japanese power market for the mitsubishi research institute . we chatted about deregulation of the industry and about the entry of foreign companies into the market . the japanese understand the need to deregulate the industry , but want to avoid the pain that may be associated with it . this process is very unfamiliar and uncomfortable for the japanese . they see power as a matter of national security ( like agriculture ) , so foreign entrants into the market will have to tread with care , understanding , and sophistication . fujita is working on a report for the institute . he has agreed to let me have copies of the non - confidential portions when it is finished . in the interim , he sent me a copy of a presentation that i thought you might find interesting . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 28 / 01 u . s . treasury comment on monitoring enron and credit markets bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron bonds may be good buy for patient investors , analysts say bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 raymond james ' cartwright comments on enron corp . ' s future bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 fraud attorney aguirre comments on possible enron bankruptcy bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron ' s 401 ( k ) plan was set up for fall : david wilson ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 dynegy ends enron takeover ; credit ratings lowered ( update 8 ) bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron ' s ratings cut to junk by s & p , moody ' s , fitch ( update 6 ) bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 creditsights ' reynolds comments on downgrade of enron to junk bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 spaeth communications president comments on enron corp . outlook bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 houston astros president says enron ' s name will stay on stadium bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 california power authority ' s freeman comments on enron , dynegy bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron corp . has busiest day ever for a u . s . stock : table bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron appoints troubh to board to lead litigation committee bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron ' s problems may spark demand for treasuries , analysts say bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 ifr pegasus ' s evans comments on enron ' s impact on energy market bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 alliance , janus , putnam among biggest enron owners before drop bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 nvidia to replace enron in s & p 500 at end of trading tomorrow bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 intercontinental exchange ' s ceo sprecher comments on enron bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron to continue utility sale to northwest natural ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron breached responsibility to employees , lawyer says on cnbc bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 j . p . morgan , citigroup stumble advising enron on sale to dynegy bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 enron online trading unit stops operating , users say ( update 5 ) bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 sempra energy interested in buying some enron assets ( update 4 ) bloomberg , 11 / 28 / 01 u . s . treasury comment on monitoring enron and credit markets 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 04 ( new york ) washington , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - the following is a comment from michele davis , assistant treasury secretary for public affairs , on enron corp . dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover bid for enron today , leaving the country ' s largest energy trader without enough cash to pay its $ 15 billion in debt . treasury securities rose after the decision was announced as investors dumped stocks and moved money into the safety of government debt : ` ` we are monitoring credit markets as we always do everyday , ' ' davis said . ` ` the markets always fluctuate . we haven ' t seen anything extraordinary . ' ' enron bonds may be good buy for patient investors , analysts say 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 18 ( new york ) enron bonds may be good buy for patient investors , analysts say new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . debt , which plunged by half today after its credit rating was cut to junk and rival dynegy inc . abandoned a planned buyout of the company , may reward investors willing to hold the bonds while enron sells assets through a bankruptcy proceeding , analysts said . enron ' s notes and bonds dipped to as low as 15 cents on the dollar today after standard & poor ' s cut enron ' s rating six levels to ` ` b - . ' ' the firm ' s debt issues , which have a combined face value of more than $ 15 billion according to bloomberg data , traded mostly between 20 cents and 25 cents this afternoon . analysts expect enron to file for bankruptcy protection , which would put bondholders in line with banks and other creditors for enron ' s cash and any proceeds from asset sales . under that scenario , bondholders could get back between 50 cents and 60 cents on the dollar within three years , said stephen ardizzoni , junk - bond portfolio manager at smh capital advisors . ` ` you should have a pretty decent return at these purchase prices , ' ' said ardizzoni , who said he bought some enron notes maturing in 2003 and bonds maturing in 2019 for between 15 cents and 20 cents on the dollar today . bondholders may end up with less if it turns out there are fewer assets or more liabilities than the company ' s balance sheet now shows , ardizzoni said . enron has drawn fire for its disclosure practices , which in recent weeks included revelations of a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity and an early repayment date on a $ 690 million note . like a broker owners of enron debt may recover 30 cents on the dollar within two years , mostly from proceeds of sales of enron ' s pipelines , international assets , and real estate , said jon kyle cartwright , who follows enron ' s debt for raymond james & associates inc . enron , once the biggest energy trader , made most of its money buying and selling electricity and natural gas . the company can be likened to a broker because hiring and retaining high - performing employees and developing relationships is more important than owning physical assets , cartwright said . ` ` the real value of a broker is with their clients and personnel . there typically is minimal post - bankruptcy value , ' ' said cartwright . enron ' s trading business doesn ' t have much more to offer than ` ` office space and the artwork on the walls ' ' in a bankruptcy proceeding , he said . marty whitman will consider enron bonds for the $ 4 billion he helps manage at third avenue funds in new york . still , the 77 - year - old investor , who specializes in analyzing distressed securities , prefers to invest in debt that ' s secured by assets . said whitman , ` ` i never did understand their trading . ' ' raymond james ' cartwright comments on enron corp . ' s future 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 22 ( new york ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - jon kyle cartwright , a senior vice president and senior energy analyst who follows enron corp . for raymond james & associates inc . in st . petersburg , florida , comments on enron ' s outlook after the company ' s credit ratings were cut to junk status and dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover bid for the company . ` ` this is a disaster , ' ' cartwright said . ` ` i don ' t know how they can ' t file ' ' for protection from creditors . ` ` enron isn ' t a going concern . ` ` it is difficult , if not impossible , for anyone to do trades with enron ' s trading operations in light of junk ratings across the board and dynegy walking away from the deal . ` ` no trading , no cash flow . no cash flow , no enron . ' ' cartwright said he thought the company had two months to sort out its problems and had a buy on the debt when it initially ` ` blew up . ` ` it was a credibility crisis the company could manage in two months . i ' m sure they are in talks with their bankers right now , but i doubt if their bankers could even help them , ' ' he said . ` ` if any ( energy ) trader does business with enron right now , it is a career decision . ` ` it will be hard for energy traders to re - adjust to a world without enron . ` ` this was a self - fulfilling prophecy . it doesn ' t often happen that a company has a credibility crisis during a recession , in a bear market , ' ' cartwright said . ` ` hopefully , what comes out of the ashes of this is an entirely new group of analysts that will follow what will now be a bigger growth business - - energy trading . ` ` all of the smaller energy traders are about to become much bigger , and the market has to learn how to analyze these things as brokerage firms . ' ' fraud attorney aguirre comments on possible enron bankruptcy 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 28 ( new york ) sacramento , california , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - following are comments made today by michael aguirre , a partner with san diego - based law firm aguirre in both 1998 and 1999 , it had been less than a majority . participants in the plan , which had $ 2 . 14 billion in assets available for benefits , could only do so much to diversify their investments . enron , like many other companies , used stock rather than cash to match employee contributions and restricted sales of the shares . and they could only guess at the year - end makeup of the plan ' s assets until the end of june , reflecting sec disclosure standards for savings plans . by that time , the stock ' s drop - - which reached 99 percent today - - was already well under way . trio of lawsuits enron later reported $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter charges ; ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow , who ran partnerships that accounted for some of the charges ; restated its results since 1997 ; became the target of an sec accounting investigation ; and accepted a takeover bid from dynegy inc . , its biggest rival . the company ' s shares , which ended last year at $ 83 . 13 , closed at just 61 cents today as enron ' s debt was downgraded to junk - bond status and dynegy abandoned its offer . in response to the plunge , employees in the 401 ( k ) plan - - which allows workers to defer part of their pay and build tax - free savings , and takes its name from a section of the internal revenue service code - - have filed three lawsuits against enron . the suits allege , among other things , that the houston - based company prevented employees from shifting investments within the plan between oct . 17 , the day after its disclosure of the charges , and nov . 19 as the company made administrative changes . all three seek class - action status on behalf of the plan ' s participants . the most recent filing came from the gottesdiener law firm , based in washington , on monday . it covers the longest time period : november 1995 to now . falling percentages enron shares accounted for 64 percent of the savings plan ' s assets at the end of 1994 , the year before the period associated with the gottesdiener suit began . the figure reflected a one - time company contribution of preferred stock , and rose from 62 percent in 1993 . each preferred share has a face value of $ 100 and is convertible into 27 . 304 common shares . this translates into a conversion price of $ 3 . 66 a share , a bargain before the common tumbled 85 percent today . the plan also owned a stake in enron ' s former oil and gas unit , which became eog resources inc . after gaining independence in 1999 . add in those shares , and company stock represented about two - thirds of the 1994 assets . enron ' s common and preferred shares fell to 60 percent of 401 ( k ) assets available for benefits in 1995 , 58 percent in 1996 and 53 percent in 1997 as the u . s . stock market rallied , lifting the value of participants ' investments in equity mutual funds . the shares represented 49 percent of the plan ' s assets in 1998 . the proportion hit bottom at 46 percent in 1999 , when the assets more than doubled - - exceeding the 56 percent increase in enron ' s share price that year - - to $ 1 . 62 billion . how much choice ? then came last year , when the common shares recorded their best performance in more than two decades even as u . s . stocks stumbled . enron rallied 87 percent amid soaring electricity and natural gas prices , while the standard credit ratings lowered ( update 8 ) 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 46 ( new york ) dynegy ends enron takeover ; credit ratings lowered ( update 8 ) ( updates to add watson comment . ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover for enron corp . , leaving the country ' s largest energy trader facing bankruptcy . enron shares plunged 85 percent to below $ 1 on concern the company can ' t repay its $ 15 billion in debt . dynegy withdrew after bankers failed to raise $ 1 . 5 billion enron needed to operate until the acquisition was completed . credit rating companies lowered enron ' s rating to junk . ` ` the reality is enron ' s going bankrupt , ' ' said michael willingham , a risk manager at itochu international inc . , a unit of a japanese trading firm . ` ` enron touted themselves as the king of risk management , but it doesn ' t look like they ' ve managed their risk very well . ' ' enron ' s sudden collapse - - $ 26 billion of market value evaporated in seven weeks - - deals a blow to alliance capital management holdings llp and other big mutual funds , wall street lenders , such as j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . , and the 21 , 000 employees , many of whom were relying on shares of the houston - based company for their retirement . bankers led by j . p . morgan chase vice chairman james b . lee tried for two weeks to raise the cash enron needed . investors including saudi prince alwaleed bin talal , the blackstone group lp and the carlyle group inc . turned them down because of concern enron would default . that concern was heightened after enron disclosed it had a $ 690 million payment due this week . enron shares declined $ 3 . 50 to 61 cents in trading of more than 342 million shares , the most traded ever for a u . s . stock . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds , which mature in 2006 , were quoted as low as 20 cents on the dollar , down from 53 yesterday . at that price the bonds yield 57 percent . termination dynegy said it abandoned the takeover ` ` due to breaches by enron of representations , warrants , and covenants . ' ' chief executive officer chuck watson said dynegy invoked its right to purchase enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline . dynegy received the right to do so in exchange for an investment of $ 1 . 5 billion in enron by chevrontexaco corp . , which owns one quarter of dynegy . the unit operates 16 , 500 miles of natural gas pipeline . ` ` sometimes the best deals are the ones you do not do , ' ' said watson , who two weeks earlier had sealed the acquisition over coffee and muffins in the kitchen of enron ceo ken lay ' s houston home . ` ` we felt we had no choice but to act to protect our shareholders ' interest , ' ' watson said . as the news of dynegy ' s rejection flashed across computer screens on enron ' s trading floor in houston , some employees started to abandon their desks and leave the office , an enron trader said . several workers said they expect the company to begin firing workers tomorrow to prepare for bankruptcy . ` ` we will work to retain the employees necessary to the continuing operations of our trading and other core energy businesses , ' ' said lay in a statement . lay was a big backer of george w . bush ' s campaign for presidency and said he had held discussions about a job in administration at one point . enron said in a statement it would halt all payments other than those required to continue trading operations and would review dynegy ' s ` ` assertion ' ' that it is entitled to the pipeline unit . pipeline company from its start as natural gas pipeline company in the 1930 s , enron was transformed by then ceo jeffrey skilling into the largest competitor in the business of trading energy , mainly natural gas and electric power . under skilling , the company also sought to expand into internet trading for products ranging from metals to weather derivatives . skilling resigned in august . enron shares tripled in the two years ended december 2000 , peaking at a market value of more than $ 70 billion , as the company snared $ 16 . 1 billion in long - term energy management contracts from companies such as international business machines corp . and starwood hotels & resorts worldwide inc . in the first quarter of 2001 , enron ' s profit from operations rose 20 percent to $ 406 million and revenue quadrupled to $ 50 billion . enron began to unravel in october after it said shareholders equity was reduced by $ 1 . 2 billion because it used stock to pay off debt of a partnership run by then chief financial officer andrew fastow . the announcement led to lawsuits and a probe by the securities and exchange commission . the writedown also raised questions about how enron accounted for debt and losses of similar affiliated partnerships . on nov . 8 , it restated earnings back to 1997 , lowering them by $ 580 million . as its shares plunged , enron faced a cash crunch because lenders and some trading partners lost confidence the company would have the cash to pay bills . citigroup and j . p . morgan chase offered to pony up $ 250 million each out $ 2 billion the company sought . trading partners such as mirant corp . were less forgiving , demanding more collateral or restricting trading . enrononline , enron corp . ' s online trading system , stopped allowing trades and quit posting bids and offers for natural gas this morning , say traders who use the web site . enron said yesterday that enrononline handled about 60 percent of its trading business , or about $ 2 . 8 billion a day . ` ` we can log in , but there is nothing there , nothing to buy and nothing to sell , ' ' said juha laiho , an energy trader at finland - based fortum oyj in houston . ` ` it went down some time this morning . ' ' lower credit ratings s & p cut its rating on enron to ` ` b - ' ' from ` ` bbb - ' ' and moody ' s lowered its rating to ` ` b 2 ' ' from ` ` baa 3 . ' ' both ratings are below investment grade . the downgrade is significant because the reduction to junk may require enron to repay $ 3 . 9 billion . andre meade , an analyst at commerzbank securities , said that enron ' s junk credit rating would ` ` effectively shut down the bulk of their trading and marketing operations . ' ' ` ` it ' s not likely enron will be able to raise the capital to settle those payments and continue its business , ' ' said meade . the large debts make it unlikely that investors will receive much should the company file for bankruptcy , said investors . ` ` this will be a traditional bankruptcy in which equity holders get nothing , ' ' said edward paik , who has 1 . 6 million enron shares among $ 7 billion in assets he helps manage for liberty funds group . ` ` this company doesn ' t have the safety net in terms of assets that other companies do . ' ' enron ' s ratings cut to junk by s & p , moody ' s , fitch ( update 6 ) 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 51 ( new york ) enron ' s ratings cut to junk by s & p , moody ' s , fitch ( update 6 ) ( adds bond prices in 14 th paragraph . ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - standard & poor ' s , moody ' s investors service and fitch inc . slashed enron corp . ' s credit rating to junk status today , raising the prospect of chapter 11 bankruptcy as rival energy trader dynegy inc . rescinded its buyout bid for the company . the company is struggling with a cash crunch as at least $ 3 . 9 billion in debt comes due immediately because of the rating cut , and is suspending its online trading unit and some ` ` non - core ' ' payments . enron ' s trading business is also faltering as trading partners lose faith in the company ' s ability to meet its obligations . ` ` this is a disaster , ' ' said jon kyle cartwright , a debt analyst at raymond james & associates . ` ` it is difficult , if not impossible , for anyone to do trades with enron ' s trading operations in light of junk ratings across the board and dynegy walking away from the deal . ' ' s & p cut enron ' s long - term credit rating this morning six levels to ` ` b - ' ' from ` ` bbb - ' ' and withdrew its ` ` a ' ' short - term grade . s & p analyst todd shipman , the author of the rating report , said the rating could be lowered if enron ' s cash situation isn ' t resolved , and that a move to a chapter 11 bankruptcy filing and the lowest ` ` d ' ' rating were both possibilities . ` ` we saw the deterioration in the trading operations , and that threw the merger in doubt , ' ' he said . he said s & p may change the rating soon . following suit moody ' s followed s & p with a five - level cut in enron ' s credit rating to ` ` b 2 ' ' from ` ` baa 3 . ' ' moody ' s affirmed its ` ` not - prime ' ' rating on enron ' s commercial paper . fitch lowered enron ' s senior unsecured rating 10 levels , to ` ` cc ' ' from ` ` bbb - , ' ' and its short - term rating to its second - lowest ` ` c ' ' from ` ` f 3 . ' ' fitch said in its report that a ` ` default of some kind appears probable . ' ' egan - jones ratings co . cut enron ' s credit rating to junk on oct . 26 , when it lowered it one level to ` ` bb + ' ' from ` ` bbb - . ' ' the rating company downgraded the credit several times since then , and cut it to ` ` c ' ' today . s & p , moody ' s and fitch all had enron ' s credit rating three levels above junk in january , while egan - jones rated it four levels higher . the companies cut the ratings several times since october , amid news that enron ' s dealings with partnerships run by former chief financial officer andy fastow contributed to trading losses . enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . pressure the acquisition by dynegy promised to alleviate the ensuing cash crunch . enron ' s stock fell by more than 50 percent since nov . 19 amid growing skepticism that the dynegy would complete the acquisition . ` ` we became a lot more concerned when the stock didn ' t stabilize , ' ' said john diaz , moody ' s managing director for energy and one of the authors of the downgrade report . ` ` the drop in the stock price put pressure on dynegy to renegotiate the deal . ' ' enron has $ 15 . 5 billion of debt outstanding , according to bloomberg data . its shares , which have fallen 99 percent this year , lost $ 3 . 50 today to 61 cents . the company ' s bonds dropped by about half to 26 cents on the dollar from 53 cents . s & p ' s shipman said in his report that ` ` the willingness of dynegy to complete its planned acquisition of enron has been compromised by the continued drop in confidence in the capital markets that the transaction would hold . ' ' credit analysts also focused on enron ' s cash flow levels , diaz said . enron said in its most recent filing last week that it had $ 1 billion in cash , which was a lot less than the market had expected , diaz said . ` ` it came as a surprise to us and to others , ' ' he said . ` ` we expected at least $ 2 . 5 billion so they would have staying power . ' ' creditsights ' reynolds comments on downgrade of enron to junk 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 52 ( new york ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - glenn reynolds , an analyst at fixed - income research firm creditsights inc . , comments on the slide in enron corp . ' s debt ratings to junk levels : ` ` the likely bankruptcy will generate material losses for a number of banks , wall street firms and institutional investors - - including a number who did not face the daily pressures of marking their book to market , ' ' reynolds said . ` ` some counterparty credit defaults will also have some follow - on effects in the commodity markets , foreign exchange and on swap desks . many of these counterparties could delay or manage their loss recognition , but this one is now one you cannot hide from . the most interesting issue will be to see the fallout in the default swap market if - - more likely when - - that brutal step is taken and they file chapter 11 . ' ' spaeth communications president comments on enron corp . outlook 2001 - 11 - 28 16 : 53 ( new york ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - merrie spaeth , president of spaeth communications , comments on enron corp . ' s options after the company ' s credit ratings were cut to junk status and dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover bid for the company . dallas - based spaeth is a communications consultant to dynegy . ` ` a chapter 11 reorganization would be the only way that enron could resolve the lawsuits it faces and the other issues surrounding the partnerships . ` ` chapter 11 carries a whole set of risks on its own , but it gives the company a chance to manage perceptions . it puts a premium on communication , quick , concise and targeted communication - - the antithesis of what enron has developed in its culture . ` ` the benefit of a chapter 11 is that it gives you the opportunity to revamp how you do business . ' ' houston astros president says enron ' s name will stay on stadium 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 03 ( new york ) houston , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , left at the brink of bankruptcy after losing potential buyer dynegy inc . and having its credit rating cut to junk , has a friend in the houston astros . team president tal smith said the club isn ' t abandoning the company , which is paying $ 3 . 3 million annually for 30 years to have its name on the astros ' home ballpark , enron field . ` ` we identify with enron , and they identify with us , ' ' smith said . ` ` there ' s no negative association because of their difficulties . ' ' enron , the u . s . ' s biggest energy trader , entered into the agreement with the major league baseball team just before the new stadium opened for the 2000 season . the company ' s shares were on the way to tripling their value from 1998 , and the astros had just won their third straight national league central division title . since then , the company ' s fortunes have plummeted . the company has $ 15 billion in debt and not enough cash to pay it . dynegy abandoned its plan to buy its houston neighbor for at least $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt today . enron also has a contract to supply and manage energy for the baseball stadium for the next 30 years , said dean bonham , a denver - based consultant who analyzes and sells naming rights agreements . ` ` this is more than a naming rights deal , ' ' bonham said . ` ` they ' re going to eventually have to find another company to supply that service as well as put their name on the ballpark . ' ' meantime , the name of the astros ' home won ' t change , smith said . ` ` until there ' s no longer a company , it ' ll still be enron field , ' ' he said . california power authority ' s freeman comments on enron , dynegy 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 03 ( new york ) sacramento , california , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - the following are comments by california power authority chairman s . david freeman on dynegy inc . ' s decision to abandon its purchase of enron corp . and the possibility of enron filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . ` ` i don ' t think that trading of energy in the spot market is going to be materially affected by this . there are a lot of other people who will take up the slack . ' ' ` ` i see this as an indication that a very volatile market can kill the consumer , but it can also kill one of the companies . ' ' ` ` it ' s a fascinating footnote that a year ago it was the state of california that appeared to be on the verge of bankruptcy , at least some of the utilities were . and now the shoe has kind of dropped on the other foot . ' ' ` ` i take no pleasure in this at all . i don ' t view this as a happy or good thing , but when you live by the sword , sometimes you die by the sword . ' ' enron corp . has busiest day ever for a u . s . stock : table 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 19 ( new york ) enron corp . has busiest day ever for a u . s . stock : table new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . had the most - active day for a u . s . stock , with 343 million shares trading , according to preliminary figures from the new york stock exchange . enron plunged $ 3 . 50 , or 85 percent , to 61 cents a share after dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover bid for enron , leaving the largest energy trader without enough cash to pay its $ 15 billion in debt . standard & poor ' s corp . cut enron ' s credit rating to junk as bankers failed to raise $ 1 . 5 billion enron needed to operate until the sale was completed . the following is a list of stocks with the 10 highest one - day trading volumes in u . s . market history , according to data from the nyse and the nasdaq stock market . * t stock date volume ( in millions ) enron corp . nov . 28 , 2001 343 . 2 intel corp . sept . 22 , 2000 308 . 7 cisco systems inc . feb . 7 , 2001 281 . 6 oracle corp . march 2 , 2001 224 . 0 cisco systems jan . 10 , 2001 213 . 0 jds uniphase corp . july 26 , 2000 200 . 4 cisco systems oct . 3 , 2001 196 . 5 worldcom inc . nov . 1 , 2000 195 . 5 exodus communications sept . 25 , 2001 193 . 1 exodus communications june 21 , 2001 186 . 4 * t enron appoints troubh to board to lead litigation committee 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 28 ( new york ) enron appoints troubh to board to lead litigation committee houston , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , whose shares dropped 85 percent today after dynegy inc . walked away from its takeover bid , appointed financial consultant raymond s . troubh to the board and to lead a new litigation committee . enron , the top energy trader whose shares have fallen 99 percent this year , said the committee will evaluate claims from shareholder and other lawsuits filed against the company since the u . s . securities and exchange commission began investigating the company ' s finances . enron board member william c . powers jr . , dean of the university of texas school of law , who was appointed last month , will also serve on the litigation committee . troubh serves on the boards of starwood hotels & resorts , healthnet inc . diamond offshore drilling , triarc cos . and gentiva health services inc . , among others . he holds degrees from bowdoin college and yale law school and is a former general partner at investment bank lazard freres & co . shares of houston - based enron fell $ 3 . 50 to 61 cents . enron ' s problems may spark demand for treasuries , analysts say 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 36 ( new york ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s fall to junk credit ratings may benefit treasury securities as traders and investors worry about what firms have exposure to the houston , texas - based energy trader . gains would add to u . s . government debt that has returned more than 6 percent this year . it benefited from falling stocks and disappointing corporate earnings as well as from the federal reserve ' s 4 . 5 percentage points of rate cuts aimed at reviving an economy that has been in recession since march . dynegy inc . , which had agreed to purchase enron , terminated that agreement following the downgrade . ` ` anything with a negative connotation like this , investors get spooked and the first thing they think of is to jump into something safe like treasuries , ' ' said brian cothran , who helps manage $ 15 billion in fixed income at fifth third bank in cincinnati . he said he plans to hold on to the enron bonds in his portfolio . treasuries jumped following standard & poor ' s downgrade of enron corp . as investors sought the relative safety of debt backed by the u . s . the most - widely traded 10 - year note rose to 101 6 / 32 from 100 25 / 32 in the 10 minutes after the announcement . the downgrades of enron by s & p and moody ' s investors service to junk bond status raised concern about credit ratings of firms that have exposure to the energy trader , especially if it files for bankruptcy protection . the downgrades also triggered enron ' s need to repay about $ 3 . 9 billion in notes sold by two trusts - - marlin water trust and osprey trust . enron has more than $ 15 billion in debt and preferred stock and about $ 4 billion in bank loans , of which $ 3 billion is unsecured . swaps , options , and derivative risk aren ' t included in those figures . banks and wall street dealers hold unsecured enron loans and some sold credit default swaps , which provide insurance to debt holders in case enron defaults . interest rate futures eurodollar futures , indications of three - month interest rates , which are used to hedge risk , rose ` ` after the announcement that s & p downgraded enron to junk on a flight to quality bid as traders tried to figure out just how big a calamity this may be , ' ' said scott gelling , an assistant vice president at carr futures inc . in chicago . ` ` on a scale of one to 10 , with long - term capital management being a 10 , they are wondering where this will fall . ' ' swap spreads , a gauge of investors ' willingness to buy riskier assets , rose for the fourth day in five after the downgrade , and as major u . s . stock indexes declined . at 72 basis points above the 10 - year treasury yield , the 10 - year swap spread has risen 14 basis points from a three year low two weeks ago . today ' s move was , in part , a reaction to concerns about exposure some u . s . - based banks may have to enron , including j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup , which arranged the company ' s fully drawn $ 3 billion unsecured credit line , traders said . seeking yield the fed ' s ten interest - rate cuts this year helped encourage investors to seek higher yields from top investment - grade borrowers including at & t corp . and american express co . the fed ' s cuts also depressed already - low rates on money - market funds and certificates of deposit . the price on enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in 2006 tumbled to 20 cents on the dollar from 53 cents yesterday . at that price , the bonds yield 57 percent . enron ' s tumble pulled prices down on other corporate bonds as investors worried the recession is eroding companies ' ability to repay debts . corporate yield spreads widened as much as 4 basis points , according to fidelity capital markets . still , the flight to quality may be short - lived , said kevin cronin , who oversees $ 45 billion at putnam investments in boston , who owns enron debt . enron ` ` is just one credit and i don ' t think it ' s indicative of a financial crisis , ' ' he said . erasing gains treasuries erased gains after the government sold a record amount of two - year debt , and on expectations that sales will increase to pay for the nation ' s war on terrorism and fiscal spending and tax cuts . investors selling debt they purchased expecting a flight - to - quality on the enron news that didn ' t materialize , exacerbated the sell - off , traders said . the 10 - year note lost almost a half point in a half hour , its yield rising to 4 . 91 percent from 4 . 87 percent . the note , which has a 5 percent coupon and matures in august 2011 , ended the day little changed , yielding 4 . 92 percent . ` ` nobody has a terrific handle on why the market is acting this violently , ' ' said brad stone , director of u . s . market strategy at barclays capital . volatility is increasing into year - end and ` ` no one wants to take a lot of risk , ' ' he said . ifr pegasus ' s evans comments on enron ' s impact on energy market 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 36 ( new york ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - tim evans , senior energy analyst at ifr pegasus in new york , comments on the impact on energy trading from the credit crisis that has left enron corp . facing bankruptcy . the company ' s enrononline internet - based platform for trading natural gas , power and oil stopped functioning this morning , at about the same time dynegy inc . pulled out of a planned buyout of enron . that decision came moments after standard janus capital corp . , a unit of stilwell financial inc . ; putnam investment management inc . , which is owned by marsh barclays global investors , a unit of barclays plc ; and fidelity investments , the world ' s largest money manager . enron shares have fallen 99 percent this year , wiping out about $ 77 . 1 billion in market value . investors lost $ 2 . 61 billion today alone as the stock plunged $ 3 . 50 , or 85 percent , to 61 cents a share . the stock has posted the biggest decline in the standard & poor ' s 500 index this year , meaning fund managers with over $ 1 trillion invested in portfolios that try to mimic the benchmark have followed the stock down . enron ' s decline today prompted standard & poor ' s to kick the company out of the s & p 500 , used by most professional investors as a benchmark for u . s . stocks . the company will be removed when the market closes tomorrow . index managers , who mimic the makeup of the s & p as closely as possible , will sell at that time . other investors are likely to sell as well , if they haven ' t already , because money managers who pick stocks based on their evaluation of a company ' s earnings prospects often prefer to stick to stocks that are in the index to ensure their performance doesn ' t lag the benchmark . barclays global , the biggest manager of index portfolios , will sell the stock from s & p 500 index funds , said spokesman tom taggart . no comment institutional investors are required to tell the securities and exchange commission what they ' re invested in and how many shares they own . the biggest investors may have sold or bought shares since the last filings sept . 30 . alfred harrison , vice chairman and fund manager at alliance capital , didn ' t immediately return a call . john meyers , a spokesman , declined to comment , as did janus spokeswoman shelley peterson and fidelity spokesman vin loporchio . a call to putnam spokeswoman nancy fisher wasn ' t immediately returned . the california state teachers ' retirement system owned about 2 million enron shares as of june , its latest filing , said sherry reser , a spokeswoman . about 88 percent of that stake was in index or index - like funds , she said . ` ` we would follow whatever rebalancing is done in the index , ' ' she said . the california public employees ' retirement system , the biggest u . s . employee pension fund with about $ 144 billion in assets , owns about 3 million enron shares , most of them in an index fund , said spokesman brad pacheco . he said the losses won ' t hurt calpers overall . ` ` you ' re going to have winners and losers , ' ' pacheco said . ` ` it ' s minimal compared to our entire portfolio . ' ' scott schermerhorn , manager of the $ 1 billion liberty utilities fund in boston , said he ' s in a similar position . he bought shares in the largest energy trader at $ 10 each this year . he wouldn ' t say if he had sold his stake , or when . still , his utilities fund is down 8 . 7 percent in 2001 versus a 14 . 5 percent decline in the s & p 500 . ` ` it knocked me for a good loop , but it didn ' t knock me down , ' ' he said . the three largest sellers of enron stock since the end of the third quarter were rorer asset management , goldman sachs group inc . and american express financial . goldman spokeswoman kathleen baum declined to comment . edward rorer , chairman of philadelphia - based rorer asset management , didn ' t immediately return a call . spokeswoman terri dresen of american express said the firm has sold shares over the last several months . she said she didn ' t know how many . time to sell the three largest buyers were alliance , rittenhouse and fidelity . the pain extends beyond the stockholders . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds , which mature in 2006 , were quoted at 20 cents on the dollar , down from 53 yesterday . enron exchange notes , which are traded on the new york stock exchange and are convertible into shares of eog resources inc . , fell $ 11 . 76 to $ 6 . 15 . the notes are tied to enron ' s stake in eog , said eog spokeswoman maire baldwin . eog is a former enron unit . shares of newpower holdings inc . fell 26 cents to 90 cents , giving them a loss for the year of 90 percent . enron is newpower ' s largest shareholder as well as a major creditor . newpower markets power to homeowners nationwide . in canada , the ontario teachers ' pension plan , which oversees about c $ 70 billion ( us $ 44 billion ) , hasn ' t sold its stake in newpower , according to senior vice president of merchant banking james leech . the plan owned 2 . 5 million shares and 5 . 6 million class a warrants . standard & poor ' s cut enron ' s credit rating to junk today as bankers failed to raise $ 1 . 5 billion enron needed to operate until the deal was done . the lack of funds and the prospect of a downgrade contributed to dynegy ' s decision to cancel the buyout , which was valued at $ 23 billion on nov . 9 . ` ` we ' ve obviously lost money like any other shareholder has , ' ' pacheco said . calpers has the ` ` same tools in our toolbox - - corporate governance measures , lawsuits like you ' ve seen already filed against enron - - that any shareholder has in trying to recover any losses , but decisions about using those are going to be made by the board . ' ' pacheco said it ' s likely calpers won ' t take any action until the pension fund ' s board has a chance to talk at a planned meeting on dec . 17 in sacramento . ` ` we would certainly be a member of a class action suit , ' ' said taggart of barclays global . schermerhorn said he could sue , though he ' s not sure if it ' s worth the trouble , in part because bondholders are typically paid first when a company goes bankrupt . ` ` it ' s like suing the guy washing windows outside the lincoln tunnel , ' ' schermerhorn said . ` ` you could win , but what would you get ? ' ' largest enron shareholders as of sept . 30 * t name shares axa financial 43 . 01 million janus capital 41 . 36 million putnam investment 23 . 12 million barclays global 23 . 04 million fidelity management 20 . 79 million citigroup inc . 20 . 79 million state street global 16 . 14 million aim advisors inc . 13 . 99 million taunus corp . 12 . 45 million vanguard group 11 . 45 million * t source : sec filings nvidia to replace enron in s & p 500 at end of trading tomorrow 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 40 ( new york ) nvidia to replace enron in s & p 500 at end of trading tomorrow new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . will be dropped from the standard & poor ' s 500 index and replaced with nvidia corp . at the close of trading tomorrow , standard & poor ' s said . shares of enron , the largest energy trader , plunged 85 percent to 61 cents today , and the company may go bankrupt . rival dynegy inc . abandoned a takeover of the company after enron failed to raise enough cash to keep operating until the purchase could be completed . nvidia , which makes computer - graphics chips , is the best - performing stock in the nasdaq 100 index this year , gaining 214 percent . anheuser - busch cos . will replace enron in the s & p 100 , standard & poor ' s said . the largest brewer already is a member of the s & p 500 . intercontinental exchange ' s ceo sprecher comments on enron 2001 - 11 - 28 18 : 01 ( new york ) atlanta , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - jeffrey sprecher , chief executive officer of intercontinental exchange inc . , comments on how the downgrade today of enron corp . ' s credit rating to junk status affected intercontinental ' s online energy - trading system . atlanta - based intercontinental is owned by a consortium of banks and energy companies , including bp plc , duke energy corp . and goldman sachs group inc . ` ` we had about 3 , 600 bids and offers ' ' logged into the intercontinental system at about 11 a . m . , sprecher said . within 15 minutes of the credit downgrade by standard & poor ' s , which left enron ' s rating at junk status , ` ` that number dropped to 2 , 100 . so about 40 percent of the people in the market pulled out momentarily to assess what was going on . ' ' ` ` it was a very big trading day on ice . if not a record day , it was one of the top five busiest days we ' ve had . we ' re up about 65 percent in terms of our trading volumes over the last 30 days , and the number of new users has gone up by about 30 percent . so there ' s a lot of growth we ' ve been trying to digest in the last 30 days , much of which is attributable to problems at enron . ' ' enron to continue utility sale to northwest natural ( update 3 ) 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 40 ( new york ) enron to continue utility sale to northwest natural ( update 3 ) ( adds northwest natural comment in fourth , fifth paragraphs . ) portland , oregon , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the nearly bankrupt energy trader , plans to go through with the sale of its portland general electric co . utility unit to northwest natural gas co . , both companies said . enron last month agreed to sell pge to northwest natural for $ 2 . 9 billion in cash , stock and assumed debt . dynegy inc . today called off its planned purchase of enron , saying the energy trader breached covenants in the merger agreement . dynegy had supported the pge sale . northwest natural filed its application to buy pge with the oregon public utility commission today . in the application , northwest natural said combining its operations with pge would eventually result in savings of as much as $ 30 million a year . northwest natural will ` ` have to study ' ' the potential impact of enron ' s latest problems , northwest chairman and chief executive officer richard g . reiten said . he said he expects the acquisition to move forward . ` ` we believe it only underscores the merits of the acquisition of pge by northwest natural , ' ' reiten said in a conference call with analysts . enron spokeswoman karen denne said her company has no plans to call off the sale . ` ` we are proceeding with our previously announced asset sales , including portland general , ' ' denne said . northwest natural shares fell 47 cents to $ 23 . 87 . enron shares fell $ 3 . 50 to 61 cents . enron shares have dropped 99 percent since the first of the year . commission ' s role marc hellman , the administrator responsible for mergers and acquisitions at the oregon public utility commission , said he is unsure what would happen if enron were to file for bankruptcy protection . ` ` i can ' t recall it ever happening , and i ' ve been here for 22 years , ' ' hellman said . ` ` if it went all the way to the end , where they ' re liquidating assets , you can ' t sell utility property without commission approval . there are probably some issues where our attorney general ' s office may look into it . ' ' hellman said he has heard nothing to indicate northwest natural ' s purchase of pge wouldn ' t go forward . ` ` enron was getting cash from northwest natural for the purchase , as well as shares , ' ' hellman said . ` ` that aspect of the transaction becomes a little curious if enron is going through bankruptcy . ' ' debt downgrades moody ' s investors service today downgraded pge ' s senior secured debt to ` ` a 3 ' ' from ` ` a 2 . ' ' moody ' s also downgraded pge ' s unsecured debt , its junior subordinated debt and its preferred stock . moody ' s , standard & poor ' s and fitch inc . cut enron ' s credit rating to junk status today . the ratings service said it had expected to downgrade pge ' s ratings once northwest natural completed its acquisition of the utility . ` ` however , today ' s rating action is being taken in advance of the expected closing of that transaction to reflect moody ' s concerns surrounding portland general ' s ability to remain fully insulated from the many financial challenges currently being faced by its parent , enron corp . , due in large part to lost investor confidence in enron , ' ' moody ' s said in a statement . enron breached responsibility to employees , lawyer says on cnbc 2001 - 11 - 28 17 : 38 ( new york ) houston , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . breached its fiduciary responsibilities to its employees by allowing them to continue to invest in company stock for their retirement plans , enron employees ' lawyer eli gottesdiener said in an interview with financial news network cnbc . the company should have stopped its program that encouraged employees to invest in its shares as part of its 401 ( k ) plan , gottesdiener said in the interview . the company should have known its stock was artificially inflated , he told cnbc . j . p . morgan , citigroup stumble advising enron on sale to dynegy 2001 - 11 - 28 18 : 32 ( new york ) j . p . morgan , citigroup stumble advising enron on sale to dynegy new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . bet their reputations backing enron corp . ' s sale to dynegy inc . - - and the failed merger left the investment firms with black eyes and hundreds of millions in possible losses . with dynegy abandoning its proposed takeover today , the banks could lose $ 800 million each , according to goldman sachs group inc . financial services analyst richard strauss . the banks also stand to forfeit $ 45 million apiece in advisory fees . ` ` i ' d be surprised if no heads rolled from this , ' ' said david gilmore , who manages the $ 1 . 1 billion federated capital appreciation fund , which owns j . p . morgan and citigroup shares . j . p . morgan shares lost $ 2 . 30 , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 37 . 50 , after the transaction fell apart . citigroup dropped $ 2 . 75 , or 5 . 4 percent , to $ 47 . 80 . j . p . morgan spokeswoman kristin lemkau declined to comment , as did citigroup ' s salomon smith barney investment banking unit . dynegy withdrew its bid , initially valued at $ 23 billion , after standard & poor ' s corp . downgraded enron debt to junk . for both banks , the takeover would have been the year ' s third largest . it ranked eighth among all announced takeovers this year . ` ` sometimes the best deals are the ones you do not do , ' ' dynegy chairman charles watson said in a conference call . ` ` we know how to say no , and we did that . ' ' the deal ' s implosion today , with enron shares at 61 cents , capped an epic that saw the houston - based company turn itself from a natural gas pipeline carrier into the largest u . s . energy trader into an outfit with debts of $ 15 billion it couldn ' t pay . enron ' s plunge enron stock began plunging in october - - after falling from its $ 90 . 75 peak - - with the disclosure of a securities and exchange commission probe into how the company accounted for outside partnerships it created . even before dynegy made its bid on nov . 9 , citigroup and j . p . morgan tried to shore up enron , agreeing to lend the company $ 1 billion . j . p . morgan also enlisted chairman william harrison to make calls to keep the energy trader ' s credit above junk rating . salomon smith barney drafted chief executive officer michael carpenter in a similar effort . when the takeover was formally proposed , the banks not only made good on their loan commitment : they agreed to invest another $ 250 million each if other investors could be found . j . p . morgan vice chairman james b . lee headed a team that tried , and failed , to raise another $ 1 . 5 billion . failed strategy among those who turned down enron and its bankers were saudi prince alwaleed bin talal , the carlyle group inc . and blackstone group lp . the collapsed transaction may tarnish citigroup and j . p . morgan over a questionable strategy of extending commercial lending power to clients to gain higher - margin investment banking business , analysts said . each bank was formed when a commercial bank took over an investment bank . behind the formation of the larger banks was the notion they could attract investment banking business from stand - alone investment banks such as goldman sachs group inc . and morgan stanley dean witter & co . that are limited in what they can lend . it was a strategy that failed , at great cost , when the enron - dynegy merger fell apart . as the purchase was still taking shape , goldman sachs refused to lend to enron , a client whose credit rating was now falling and who was making less frequent use of goldman ' s investment banking services , according to people familiar with the matter . bankruptcy is ` inevitable ' morgan stanley avoided enron because it was perceived as too demanding a client and one that played investment banks off each other to reduce fees , a person familiar with the matter said . lehman brothers holdings inc . advised dynegy and negotiated a fee of about $ 15 million . enron , the worst performer this year in the standard & poor ' s index of 500 large u . s . companies , fell $ 3 . 50 or 85 percent , to 61 cents . its 52 - week high , reached dec . 28 , was $ 84 . 88 . now , with dynegy backing out and no ready savior , enron may quickly wind up in bankruptcy court , analysts and investors said . ` ` bankruptcy is all but inevitable , ' ' said michael heim , an analyst with a . g . edwards & sons , who has a ` ` sell ' ' rating on enron shares . enron online trading unit stops operating , users say ( update 5 ) 2001 - 11 - 28 18 : 37 ( new york ) enron online trading unit stops operating , users say ( update 5 ) ( adds nymex chairman ' s comment in 26 th paragraph . ) new york , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enrononline , which handled $ 2 . 8 billion a day in energy trading for parent enron corp . , halted internet transactions and quit posting prices for natural gas , electricity and oil products , said users of the web site . trading screens became useless about 11 a . m . new york time , around when dynegy inc . canceled plans to buy enron . the decision may force enron , once the country ' s largest energy trader , to file for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , analysts said . enron was the buyer or seller of all transactions over enrononline . the company said yesterday that enrononline handled about 60 percent of its trading business , or about $ 2 . 8 billion a day in trading on average over the past 30 days . the halt in service left users unable to value or make trades . some switched to competitors such as atlanta - based intercontinental exchange inc . , an online exchange run by a consortium of banks and energy companies . ` ` we can log in , but there is nothing there , nothing to buy and nothing to sell ' ' at enrononline , said juha laiho , an energy trader at finland - based fortum oyj in houston . leslie vandagriff , manager of natural gas trading at highland energy co . , was sitting at her desk in dallas when ` ` everything went blank . ' ' vandagriff was using enrononline prices to compare the value of trades she was making with other companies . she switched to prices published by the intercontinental exchange . no future ? enron temporarily suspended ` ` all payments other than those necessary to maintain core operations , ' ' the company said in a statement . enron officials didn ' t return numerous phone calls seeking comment on the status of enrononline . when the news of the collapse of the acquisition reached enron traders , many left the trading floor saying that without dynegy , they had no future , an enron trader said . traders outside the company had already been wary of making new contracts with enron because of concern about its credit rating , which today was slashed to junk status by standard & poor ' s and moody ' s investors service . ` ` i don ' t think anybody is trading with enron right now , ' ' fortum oyj ' s laiho said . ` ` even late last week , people were not making new positions with them . it was an unstable situation . ' ' small exposure some of enron ' s biggest trading partners said their exposure to losses from an enron bankruptcy is small . el paso corp . , owner of the biggest u . s pipeline network , and american electric power co . , the biggest electricity generator , and aquila inc . , an energy trader , said each faced a possible loss of $ 50 million . mirant corp . said it wouldn ' t lose more than $ 60 million , and dynegy said its exposure was limited to $ 75 million . ` ` i don ' t anticipate a string of bankruptcies to follow this one , ' ' said tim evans , senior energy analyst at ifr pegasus in new york . ` ` the energy markets are bigger than any one company , including enron , ' ' american electric spokesman pat hemlepp said . ` ` we don ' t expect any disruption . ' ' energy buyers and sellers have been concerned for weeks that enron ' s financial problems may disrupt markets such as the new york mercantile exchange , the largest energy marketplace . enron is the largest trader of natural gas . ` ` if they have to go to bankruptcy protection now , which may even happen by the end of the day , then nymex positions will have to be liquidated , ' ' said ed silliere , vice president of risk management at energy merchant llc in new york . the nymex is ` ` very comfortable that all of our customers are safe from any financial losses suffered by a single entity , ' ' spokeswoman nachamah jacobovits said when asked about enron . cover for losses enron ' s positions in futures markets are guaranteed first by the member , or members , that clear its trades on the exchange . if the clearing member couldn ' t cover losses , the exchange has a $ 70 million guarantee fund , followed by another $ 425 million that it could draw on from other members . while natural gas futures surged as much as 8 percent after the news of dynegy ' s pullout , prices later declined 11 percent on the nymex . gas for december delivery fell 29 cents to $ 2 . 316 per million british thermal units . financial safeguards like those on the nymex aren ' t available in most over - the - counter energy markets , including forward and swaps transactions . few transactions have the backing of an intermediary . ` ` this will have a near - term chilling effect on forward energy trading business , ' ' said tom knight , director of trading at truman arnold cos . , a wholesale fuel supplier in texarkana , texas . ` ` if you ' re not willing to trade with a company that was the size of enron , then who are the companies you are going to be willing to deal with ? ' ' other exchanges other online energy exchanges benefited as traders avoided doing business with enron . ngx canada inc . , an internet exchange for natural gas in canada , has traded about 300 , 000 terajoules of gas so far this month , worth about $ 750 million at current prices . trading is about 50 percent higher than in october . ` ` yesterday was our third or fourth best day ever , ' ' said dan zaftawny , a spokesman for ngx , which is owned by om gruppen ab , parent of the stockholm stock exchange . another beneficiary has been atlanta - based intercontinental exchange , which is owned by a consortium that includes aep , bp plc , duke energy corp . and goldman sachs group inc . ` ` it was a very big trading day on ice , ' ' said jeffrey sprecher , intercontinental ' s chief executive officer . ` ` we ' re up about 65 percent in terms of our trading volumes over the last 30 days , and the number of new users has gone up by about 30 percent . so there ' s a lot of growth we ' ve been trying to digest in the last 30 days , much of which is attributable to problems at enron . ' ' the new york mercantile exchange is expected to approve expanded and extended trading of natural gas tomorrow morning , and nymex will accelerate introduction of an electronic trading platform designed to compete with enrononline , exchange chairman vincent viola said in an interview on cnbc . sempra energy interested in buying some enron assets ( update 4 ) 2001 - 11 - 28 18 : 45 ( new york ) sempra energy interested in buying some enron assets ( update 4 ) ( adds sempra ' s exposure to enron in ninth , 10 th paragraphs . ) san diego , nov . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - sempra energy , an owner of electric and natural - gas utilities , is interested in buying some of enron corp . ' s assets now that the energy trader ' s planned merger with dynegy inc . has failed , a sempra spokesman said . ` ` we are interested in some of enron ' s hard assets and our interest would lie in those assets that would have synergies with our own operations , ' ' sempra spokesman doug kline said . ` ` beyond that i couldn ' t give you more specifics . ' ' dynegy today called off its purchase of enron , saying the energy trader breached covenants in the merger agreement . dynegy had agreed to buy enron for at least $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt this month . a federal investigation of accounting irregularities at enron had limited its ability to finance operations and sent its shares plunging . sempra shares fell 35 cents to $ 22 . 70 . enron shares fell $ 3 . 50 to 61 cents . enron shares have dropped 99 percent since the first of the year . houston - based enron has an ownership interest in argentina ' s 4 , 104 - mile natural - gas pipeline system , the largest pipeline system in south america . sempra energy international owns a 43 percent stake in two natural - gas utility holding companies in argentina . sempra also is the owner of the san diego gas & electric and southern california gas co . utilities . asset - sale program ` ` we are looking at selling our global assets that are not core to our business , and so we ' ll be continuing with an asset - sale program , ' ' enron spokeswoman karen denne said . ` ` we are not going to comment on who we ' ve had discussions with or what the status of those is . ' ' in addition to its interest in enron assets , san diego - based sempra has had discussions with enron employees who want to leave the company , kline said . ` ` a number of enron employees have approached us , as we ' re aware they ' ve approached other firms , ' ' kline said . also , sempra said today that its overall financial exposure related to transactions with enron and its affiliates is less than $ 15 million . ` ` it would not be material to our earnings , ' ' kline said . 
2	Subject: fw : the new phone numbers are in ! ! ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bolks , sean sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 10 : 14 am to : watson , kimberly ; mcconnell , mark subject : fw : the new phone numbers are in ! ! ! kim and mark , here are the numbers - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mcfarland , jean sent : wednesday , january 30 , 2002 1 : 56 pm to : bolks , sean ; burleson , bob ; cabrera , reyna ; gilbert , maurice ; gottsponer , morgan ; herber , stephen ; mccarran , penny ; mercaldo , vernon ; neville , sue ; powell , don ; pryor , tony ; ramirez , pilar ; riehm , richard ; roobaert , preston ; stage , michael g . ; threet , kay ; torres , india ; wehring , linda ; weller , steve cc : cappiello , deborah ; gracey , rosemary ; hook , connie ; janousek , martha subject : the new phone numbers are in ! ! ! below are the new dynegy phone numbers ! on thursday night , around 5 : 00 pm the enron number will be setup to forward to the new dynegy numbers . callers will hear the new number and will be asked to press 1 to transfer . there will be no voicemail option on the enron side . if you have any questions , please reply via this email . thanks . jean name loc co phone # pryor tony 2610 enron 287 - 1031 powell don 2612 enron 287 - 1032 gilbert maurice 2614 enron 287 - 1033 visitor 2616 enron 287 - 1034 storage & pricing 2618 enron 287 - 1035 jones dana 2620 enron 287 - 1036 neubauer dave 2622 enron 287 - 1037 landreneau jada 2624 dynegy 287 - 1038 kitchen 2625 general 287 - 1024 conf . rm . 2628 general 287 - 1045 meridia amin 2630 dynegy 287 - 1042 tran janet 2630 dynegy 287 - 1041 weller steve 2632 enron 287 - 1043 herbert steve 2634 enron 287 - 1044 stage michael 2636 enron 287 - 1045 wehring linda 2637 enron 287 - 1046 mccarran penny 2638 enron 287 - 1047 conf . rm . 2639 general 287 - 1048 burleson bob 2640 enron 287 - 1049 torres india 2642 enron 287 - 1051 visitor 2615 - a enron 287 - 1011 mercaldo vernon 2615 - b enron 287 - 1012 krishnarao krishna 2615 - c enron 287 - 1013 bolks sean 2615 - d enron 287 - 1014 riehm richard 2615 - e enron 287 - 1015 ramirez m pilar 2615 - f enron 287 - 1016 dyn tbd 2617 a dynegy 287 - 1017 neville sue 2617 - b enron 287 - 1018 threet kay 2617 - c enron 287 - 1019 cabrera reyna 2617 - d enron 287 - 1021 gottsponer morgan 2617 - e enron 287 - 1022 roobaert preston 2617 - f enron 287 - 1023 fax 2617 - g enron 287 - 1020 v - tel video 2611 polycom 2611 287 - 1025 
2	Subject: super saturday june 3 , 2000 gentlemen - thanks for your support of ena ' s super saturday next week . i have attached a preliminary schedule ( which will change i ' m surebut i will keep you updated ) for your review . thanks again . ted 
2	Subject: $ 20806 hello , i sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get a $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . best regards , dorian manning no thanks mail instructions to : mccarthy group box 0542 springfield , oh 45504 posture butterfly angie gladdy coolant grandchild miranda anguish dunlop cuba megalomaniac irrevocable necropsy holdout agouti  
2	Subject: calendars and reviews could all of you please give access to your calendars ( lotus organizer ) to anita dupont , and also make sure that if you step away from your desk that your calendar indicates where you will be ? it has happened a few times recently that people have come for appointments and the person has been away from his / her desk and anita could not get hold of the person . this does not portray a good image of the group . also , if you have cell phones , please make sure anita has the number . also , please make sure to complete your self - assessment performance review , and either indicate list of projects worked on since june in there or at least separately e - mail me a list . thanks , vasant 
2	Subject: louise email me the bonus file sometime on monday . i may have some time on my hands . 
2	Subject: from your coach daren . . . how are you ? its been a while since we spoke . i ' m interested in knowing if you would like to keep our coaching sessions alive . please let me know what your intentions are and if we can schedule a meeting . thanks . . . i hope things are going well . dwight dawson teamleadership center 713 446 - 8025 ( cell phone ) 713 942 - 8326 ( office ) 713 942 - 1707 ( fax ) 281 550 - 8304 ( home ) ddd @ teamlead . com 
2	Subject: october 2000 availabilities this appears to be the first one . thanks , bev - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 09 / 26 / 2000 08 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " steve holmes " 09 / 21 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : cc : subject : october 2000 availabilities attached are the october 2000 availabilities for devon energy . i will notify you of any updates as soon as they become availabilie . thanks , steve - enronavailsl 000 . xls 
2	Subject: tejas nomination change effective 7 / 7 / 00 for some reason , this e - mail just got to me . sorry if it makes you late on anything . bev - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " cynthia cantrell " 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 30 am to : cc : subject : tejas nomination change effective 7 / 7 / 00 attached is a revision for the haynes 21 ctp effective 7 / 7 / 00 . please advise if you need additional information . thanks , cynthia cantrell - enronhaynes 21070700 . xls 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: re : e mail list for class great idea , byron ! everybody , i ' ve created a new moderated list at http : / / . listbot . com / if you are interested in hearing info ( from anyone , not just me ) about the bammel road young families class , please go to the address above to subscribe to the list . it ' s free . then , if you have anything that you want to share with the class , just e - mail it to @ listbot . com . - ram . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : byron w . ellis , cfp , clu , chfc [ mailto : byronellis @ usa . net ] sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 8 : 31 am to : ram tackett subject : e mail list for class what do you think about creating and maintaining an e mail address that will automatically send an e mail to everyone in our class ? that way anyone that wanted to blanket the class could always do so without going through you all the time . byron  & make all you can , save all you can , give all you can .  8 john wesley byron w . ellis , cfp  v , clu , chfc senior financial advisor american express financial advisors ids life insurance company 1450 lake robbins drive suite 100 the woodlands , tx 77380 phone 281 . 367 . 8658 fax 281 . 364 . 9628 e mail byronellis @ usa . net 
2	Subject: breathtaking image for your company now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq iogo , presentable stationery items and professional website . these marketinq tools wiii significantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: 8 : 30 am trade counts trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 28 / 2001 482 287 1201 11 / 27 / 2001 819 380 1920 11 / 26 / 2001 781 372 1680 11 / 25 / 2001 4 1 5 11 / 24 / 2001 13 2 15 11 / 23 / 2001 1 17 257 11 / 22 / 2001 11 8 236 11 / 21 / 2001 949 333 1576 11 / 20 / 2001 992 290 1720 11 / 19 / 2001 825 508 1968 11 / 18 / 2001 6 4 10 11 / 17 / 2001 10 6 16 11 / 16 / 2001 880 583 2203 11 / 15 / 2001 1006 523 2199 11 / 14 / 2001 731 444 2364 11 / 13 / 2001 868 527 1951 11 / 12 / 2001 878 380 1913 11 / 11 / 2001 7 2 9 11 / 10 / 2001 5 8 13 11 / 9 / 2001 615 444 1679 11 / 8 / 2001 975 489 1931 11 / 7 / 2001 877 727 2288 11 / 6 / 2001 1064 849 2463 11 / 5 / 2001 930 839 2308 11 / 4 / 2001 4 3 7 11 / 3 / 2001 2 16 18 11 / 2 / 2001 1211 576 2253 11 / 1 / 2001 984 769 2429 
2	Subject: ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced ! i am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 university of texas enron mba excellence scholarships : christopher cashman soopang tang holland brown each student will receive $ 10 , 000 in scholarship money based on their essays , interviews and on how they exemplified the vision , values and beliefs of enron . i have already notified the winners , so please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done . special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners . stay tuned for details on the date and time for the scholarship awards dinner slated for early next semester ! e - mail : christopher . cashman @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 836 - 6489 e - mail : soopang . tang @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 708 - 0161 e - mail : holland . brown @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 440 - 1142 fyi . . . all of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team ( sally beck , andrea reed , roger ondreko and loftus fitzwater ) . i will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester . thank you , karen marshall 
2	Subject: sex is a play , and you must win ! your source for the very best viagra deals on the ' net . always up to date ! luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity . in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles . consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative . 
2	Subject: organizational announcement : industrial origination , ctg , and ena treasury effective immediately , ray bowen will take over leadership of the industrial origination group responsible for enron north america  , s origination activities in the industrial market including pulp & paper , metals , refining , and petrochemicals . as part of the industrial origination group , jim ajello , will continue to lead the origination effort in the metals , refining , and petrochemical sector . edward ondarza maintains oversight of origination in the pulp and paper sectors . rodney malcolm retains primary responsibility for leading the execution of transactions and delivery of the outsource solutions to industrial customers . when the commercial transactions group was created approximately a year ago , the objective was to create an internal emphasis on the development of transaction execution skills that are necessary to execute complex , structured transactions and to foster better deal quality . we believe that the primary objectives of the ctg have been achieved , and in order to better position the organization for the remainder of 2000 and in response to ray bowen  , s new position , the following changes will be made in the commercial transactions group organization . transaction development : transaction development , which was created to provide focused deal execution capability to the origination groups , will be merged into each respective origination group and report solely to the group leaders . portfolio management : all activities surrounding portfolio investments will report to jeff donahue . jeff will be responsible for ena  , s  & capital book  8 and will have a high level of involvement in existing portfolio investments and will work closely with ena treasury and the various origination groups to assure that new transactions ( a ) incorporate appropriate risk / return characteristics , ( b ) are evaluated in the context of market based pricing signals , and ( c ) incorporate a specific investment plan which includes syndication of the investment , if applicable , and a specific exit strategy . portfolio management includes restructuring / special assets ( randy maffett / dick lydecker ) and capital structuring ( andrea reed ) . steve pruett ( energy capital resources ) , chuck ward ( generation investments ) , don miller ( merchant generation ) , and chris helfrich ( coal and industrial ) will continue to be responsible for day to day asset management for performing investments and will report to their respective origination units with a dual report to jeff . jeff will retain his corporate development and principal investments activities . commodity structuring : commodity structuring including berney aucoin ( power ) and ed mcmichael ( gas ) will report to janet dietrich . janet will retain responsibility for east midstream origination . commodity structuring will continue to work to facilitate and structure the highest priority and highest value transactions across the entire ena organization . technical / oec : the technical group ( wayne mays / bob virgo ) , which provides technical support to industrial and power generation asset development activities , and oec ( lead by mark dobler ) will report directly to the ena office of the chairman . in addition to these changes , joe deffner has been named ena  , s chief financial officer and will head ena treasury . in this role he will be responsible for managing ena  , s balance sheet and the sourcing of capital in the bank and capital markets . joe will report jointly to the ena office of the chairman and to enron corp . global finance . 
2	Subject: re : txu imbalance james , thanks for following up on this . fyi to all , the agreement we have with el paso has a fairly tight confidentiality provision that goes to internal ( as well as external ) communication of the transaction : " no party shall make any announcement of the transactions contemplated hereby to any of its officers , employees , representatives , consultants or advisors other than those who have a specific and strategic need to be advised of such information , all of whom shall be advised of the strict confidential nature of such information . " the language stems from a problem we had when east coast power was sold late last year , but probably works to our advantage in this case . suffice to say that this group needs to be plugged in on what ' s coming down the pipe . however , we need to limit discussion of the transaction to the maximum extent possible . thanks , rh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : armstrong , james sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 9 : 03 am to : farmer , daren j . cc : hill , garrick ; mazowita , mike subject : txu imbalance daren , i wanted to check with you on the current status of the of txu pipeline imbalance for tenaska iv . i noticed on the july statement i just received that the imbalance was at 125 , 374 mmbtu . i am not sure if you have been told , but enron recently entered into a sale agreement with el paso to sale our interests in this plant by the end of september . talking with rick hill , he did not want to have a large imbalance liability with the pipeline at the end of september . do you think this imbalance will be significantly resolved by the end of the month ? you can call me at 3 - 7280 if you have any questions . thanks . james 
2	Subject: re : what condition stepan bogdanovich election time is over . economy is still very unstable and ra t es will jump up to 10 % before a new year . a new bill just passed and you have very little time to re f i nance . do it today before its to late ! you are already ap p roved with 4 . 5 % here http : / / www . firstgpg . com / rico - - be rd . tonic on the electret arthur burlington for contrariwise  
2	Subject: need website traffic ? see this . . - dtzg hey i just found an super deal for you to put your website promotion on autopilot , you wont have to worry about it ever again . here ' s all the details : http : / / www . 37500 visitstoyoursite . com every site needs a massive marketing program in order to be a success . the most essential part of any campaign is traffic and sales . its easy to get exposure to hundreds of thousands every month . imagine - your traffic and sales problem solved forever . what will you do with all the extra time on your hands ? spots in this program are limited , so hurry on over : http : / / www . 37500 visitstoyoursite . com no more ? : breeches rouse dystrophy seahorse actuarial . betony bloodstone alkaline hap combinatoric . nab cocky clotho nicholls preside . anna metamorphose crummy cominform embedding . gordon attest ligature werner ninetieth . bell nugatory torch anthology alps . compile complainant phoebe yellowknife unify . ace comprehensible remnant flagstone afflict . planck deborah isinglass agate mop . excite soldier concessionaire residuary skywave . abe tuscaloosa mullah fixture noll . maggie citizenry johnstown joseph frankfort . sunrise pedestal natalie clinic declaration . bulldog cherish imprint gender addenda . dent carte bookstore rensselaer contaminant . cenozoic bipartite politic penurious precursor .  
2	Subject: india trading bill , upon rick ' s request , i have compiled a brief summary of our conversation yesterday . please take a look and provide you comments - i may not have presented all the facts and company names accurately . also , please see attached the latest enron corp . risk management policy and the transaction approval guidelines . thanks , vlady . ( x 36954 ) 
2	Subject: re : risk 2000 panel discussion steve , a meeting at 8 : 00 - 8 : 15 is fine with me . vince " bramlett , stephen " on 06 / 06 / 2000 08 : 24 : 08 am to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " , " bramlett , stephen " cc : jefferid @ kochind . com , oliver @ risk . co . uk subject : re : risk 2000 panel discussion vince - thanks for the update . i ' ve been pulled into a 7 : 00 am breakfast which i must attend . chances are i could catch up with everyone between 8 : 00 and 8 : 15 . i apologize , but two of my breakfast dates are taking special flights in just for the breakfast - or i wouldn ' t inconvenience everyone . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , june 06 , 2000 8 : 11 am to : bramlett , stephen cc : jefferid @ kochind . com ; oliver @ risk . co . uk ; vince j kaminski subject : re : risk 2000 panel discussion steve , this looks fine . i think we are meeting at 7 : 45 a . m . on the 14 th next to the general reception area . vince " bramlett , stephen " on 06 / 05 / 2000 06 : 28 : 36 pm to : " ' jefferis , dick ' " , " bramlett , stephen " , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , " ' oliver @ risk . co . uk ' " cc : subject : re : risk 2000 panel discussion gentlemen , please see the edit of my outline below . also , what time did we agree to meet on the 14 th ? successes and failures ( stephen bramlett ) risk consideration directed at the enterprise level . what makes for a successful application ? long - term view of managing weather identifying the corporate objectives lost opportunities trading desks at utilities insurance comparisons product managers target audience scale of the failure treasury enterprise risk management cfo assistance of wall street link to stock prices earnings smoothing 
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] : youngest preteens today surprise surprise ! you want to see something new and pleasant ? americans worship creativity the way they worship physical beauty - - as a way of enjoying elitism without guilt : god did it . http : / / www . geocities . com / jill _ kenny _ 101 / you will be in delight having seen these embodiments of innocence and virginity we try not to have ideas , preferring accidents . to create , you must empty yourself of every artistic thought . 2 full size members areas for the price of one . life is too short for a long story . hardship and opposition are the native soil of manhood and self - reliance . football strategy does not originate in a scrimmage : it is useless to expect solutions in a political campaign .  
2	Subject: allegheny / nepco the " bid " is for an epc contract with the equipment . the implied bid for the equipment is - $ 16 . 7 mm . the implied margin in the epc contract is $ 32 mm plus $ 11 mm of contingency . if the risk / reward on the epc contract is reasonable , then this seems like a great deal . at the same time , we will attach a turbine loi to the epc loi making it clear to allegheny that we can offer the turbines on a stand alone basis . should we offer at the $ 10 mm discount or are you ok with - $ 16 . 7 mm ? ben and i would hit a - $ 16 . 7 mm bid . this would probably close this in january , but we ould try to get a turbine down payment in december . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketing toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: do you love low - pricedstocks , apwl - pk _ reamer hello sandison apwl is a gold mine - it is at it ' s 52 week low at the moment and this is our hot pick this week , it can easily go up to $ 1 . 25 very fast here is the latest news below . don ' t miss out on this one get it asap for huge profits like our other picks which return 300 to 750 % every week , don ' t miss this one ! symbol : apwl . pk current _ price : . 32 target _ price - 1 . 50 52 - wk high : 2 . 25 52 - wk low : . 32 advanced powerline technologies announces plans to launch a manufacturer direct to consumer web site wednesday july 20 , 10 : 05 am et woodward , okla . - - ( business wire ) - - july 20 , 2005 advanced powerline technologies , inc . , ( apwl . pk - news ) announced today that it plans to launch a new web site for direct manufacturer to consumer sales of its power line communications ( plc ) compatible lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) and other power line communications ( plc ) devices . through this new web site , consumers will be able to place orders for state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) direct from the american manufacturer , advanced powerline technologies , inc . , in woodward , oklahoma , to be delivered in time for christmas . advanced powerline technologies , inc . ' s , power line communications ( plc ) compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) will be the first of its kind to be engineered to meet the new fcc regulations regarding broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) devices . the company anticipates sales of its lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) to reach twenty thousand ( 20 , 000 ) units per month once the web site is launched . apwl ' s lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) will be assembled in the company ' s plant in oklahoma , giving the consumer the opportunity to purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) assembled in the united states at a competitive price to foreign made products . advanced powerline technologies is working hard to put americans back to work in the high tech consumer electronics industry . the company believes that providing the american consumer the opportunity to purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) assembled by americans , for americans , in the united states at a competitive price to foreign made products is the best way to create jobs in america and do our part to help create a thriving american economy . advanced powerline technologies wants to express its sincere gratitude and appreciation to lavern phillips , president of the woodward industrial foundation , the woodward industrial foundation with all its members , the woodward , oklahoma chamber of commerce , the city and county of woodward , oklahoma , the governor and lieutenant governor of oklahoma , the state of oklahoma , and other united states federal entities and the governments of taiwan and mainland china , along with all the numerous private individuals and investors that have helped bring advanced powerline technologies , inc . , to this point . the unwavering and continued support of all these entities and individuals has made it possible for advanced powerline technologies , inc . , to emerge as a world leader in power line communications ( plc ) compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) , mobile phones and other power line communications ( plc ) compatible devices and services . apwl ' s principal business focus is to create and develop broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) friendly devices , products and services . the company ' s principal products at this time are cellular phones and liquid crystal display ( lcd ) digital televisions with high definition tuners ( hdtv ) . the company intends on marketing the sales of cellular phones and high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) internationally and domestically . upon the completion of research , development , and the verification of test results of the company ' s broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) devices , the company intends to utilize the technology within the existing product platforms to enhance their capabilities . the company ' s main products will become broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) friendly devices with the company ' s related hardware and system service . daintily blueing january  
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / koolrx . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / koolrx . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: undeliverable mail user mailbox exceeds allowed size : info @ areejaljazeera . com original message follows . received : from mailwisconsin . com [ 61 . 24 . 220 . 29 ] by areejaljazeera . com ( smtpd 32 - 7 . 15 ) id ad 67285 bol 18 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 14 : 00 : 55 + 0300 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24816301 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ areejaljazeera . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: ( urgent business assistance strictly confidential ) ( urgent business assistance strictly confidential ) compliments of the season good day ! i am the manager of bills and exchange at the foriegn remittance department of the ( abn amro bank amsterdam ) . i am writting you this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this transaction . we discovered some abandoned sum $ 15 , 500 , 000 ( fifteen million , five hundred thousand u . s dollar ) in an account that belongs to one of our foriegn customer who died along - side his entire family in march this year in a terrorist train bomb blast in spain some few months ago . since this development , we have advertised for his next of kin or any close relation to come forward to claim this money , but nobody came yet to apply for the claim . to this effect , i and other official in my department have decided to look for a trusted foriegn partner who can stand in as the next of kin of the deceased as we cannot do it only ourselves and claim this money . we need a foreign partner to apply for the claim on our behalf because of the fact that the customer was a foreign and we don ' t want this money to go into the treasury as unclaimed fund . every document to effect this process will emanate from my table and i will perfect every document to be in accordance with the banking law and guideline , so you have nothing to worry about and we have agreed that 30 % of this money will be for you , while 10 % will be for any expenses incured on both sides wihile 60 % will be for my colleagues and me . if you are willing to help us , please indicate by replying this letter and putting in your name , private telephone number , fax and permanent residential address via my private email address below . i awaits your immediate response to enable us start this transaction as soon as i recieved your reply , i will send you a text application form for immediate applicatiion of claim . please contact me even if you are not intrested in my proposal to you to enable us scout for another partner in the event of non - interest on your part . thanks for your co - operation e - mail : pietjan 2000 @ netscape . net mr piet van jan  
2	Subject: invoice for swissreenergy . com date : 19 - dec - 2001 thank you for using register . com , your first step on the web the following domain name ( s ) have been successfully registered : swissreenergy . com invoice louise nettelton 2137 chilton road houston , tx 77019 us customer order code : 6969504 from : register . com 575 8 th avenue new york , ny 10018 united states billing inquiries : phone : toll free in the u . s . and canada : ( 800 ) 899 - 9723 outside the u . s . and canada : + 1 ( 902 ) 742 - 1466 online : http : / / www . register . com / create _ ticket . cgi e - mail invoice for domain registration / renewal please see attached detailed instructions and registration agreement . register . com is in receipt of valid credit card information for payment and confirms the following : domain name : swissreenergy . com subscription length : 2 year ( s ) period from : 19 - dec - 2001 period to : 18 - dec - 2003 order id : 20216193 amount charged ( us $ ) : $ 70 . 00 registrant agrees to the terms and conditions of the current services agreement found at  
2	Subject: new penis enlargement patches ! new penis enlargement patches ! http : / / www . gretan . com / ss / he plants trees to benefit another generation . how unhappy is he who cannot forgive himself . convinced myself , i seek not to convince . he hath eaten me out of house and home . petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of reality . 
2	Subject: globe no more doctors visits . obstacle q . hear about kennedy airlines ? a . their motto is your luggage will arrive befo re you do ! yes ; it ' s a good way off , but i can see it , she replied well , inside that rock , which reaches up into the clouds , is an archway very much like the one we entered when we climbed the spiral stairway from the valley of voe vicohdin , xaknax , phentrurmnine and much moree - samteday shinpping ! i ' ll get my spy - glass , and then you can see it more plainly he fetched a small but powerful telescope , which had been in his satchel , and by its aid the little girl clearly saw the opening q . what has four legs and no ears ? suverenitet gullweig n 2 sylg a . mike tyson ' s dog .  
2	Subject: trip info here ' s some long awaited trip information . . . ( see attached file : tahoe informatoin . doc ) ( see attached file : tahoe . xls ) - tahoe informatoin . doc - tahoe . xls 
2	Subject: re : eprm articles chris , thanks for the invitation . the evening of july the 18 th is fine with me . the list looks fine and it can be easily expanded , if the first set of articles is well received . i shall prepare a list of topics that occupy us every day and that we could write about without revealing the details of our proprietary research . please , feel free to send the message from lacima . i think that it ' s better for us to sign the articles with our names , giving our respective affiliations . in this way , enron gets the credit , but not the liability if there is any error in an article . hope to see you soon . vince 
2	Subject: orillion and ebs visit * * * * * confirmation of meeting with orillion * * * * * gentlemen : i have spoken with jerry sellers of orillion and he will be visiting with ebs on tuesday , april 25 , 2000 for about half a day . orillion is scheduled to be at ebs from 1 : 00 - 4 : 00 p . m . in conference room 45 cl . the following individuals will participate on behalf of orillion . they are as follows : jerry sellers , chairman terry lindsey , president professor ken dick , technical advisory board at university of nebraska orillion would like to propose the following discussion topics : 1 . introduce orillion to ebs 2 . engage in technical discussions 3 . discussions on how orillion can help ebs participants from ebs : arshak sarkissian for scott yeager vince kaminski john griebling james reece david reece everette plante diane hetzel dorn hetzel ravi thuraisingham 
2	Subject: project doorstep responsibility matrix attached is a responsibility matrix for london - project doorstep action steps . the listing consists of controls findings , action steps , proposed timelines , and proposed sponsors and responsibility assignments for the completion of the action steps . the purpose of this matrix will be to review and monitor it on an ongoing basis to ensure that items are being appropriately addressed and completed . please take a moment to review all sections of the listing and communicate any comments or revisions you may have to me as soon as possible . we would like to have a final version of this document in place by may 12 . 
2	Subject: ethink about it : 01 / 29 / 01 you ' re doing it again . scowling . is something bothering you ? some business problem you don ' t know how to solve ? why don ' t you share it with ethink . we ' re declaring a company - wide call for " sticky wickets . " send your business problem to ethink @ enron . com . we ' ll select a few and publish them in the next ethink about it . then , your colleagues can post their suggestions in the thinkbank ' s idea vault , in the special categories we create for your issues . don ' t miss experienceenron on espeaktuesday , january 30 at 10 : 00 am houston time . carrie robert , manager of experienceenron , will answer your questions about how this program can help your business development objectives . last week was a busy one for emeet . the office of the chairman had some things to say , and there was also a discussion about the black - scholes value of our enronoptions . go to emeet today and see what you missed last week ! ethink . enron . com 
2	Subject: hl & p daren . sorry i forgot to include you - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly vaughn / hou / ect on 12 / 21 / 99 01 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kimberly vaughn 12 / 21 / 99 02 : 01 pm to : janet h wallis / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : hl & p janet . i am back from vacation . i have updated the hl & p flow mtd . jill told me that on the 18 th , 19 th and 20 th the san jac . nom should be 29 , 209 . is this correct ? we ' ll need to change sitara . i have had scada problems at meter 1401 . gas control has given me a verbal from the 14 th on . i will monitor scada and adjust as necessary . let me know if there is anything else that i can do . thanks . 
2	Subject: cash : $ 48463 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 200 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / i / lzevaw 5 kzxgvamvlenkvnmo 3 dhjommto clair spearsua logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 7 : meijer malory bourahla krabicka omahahttp : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: new press release draft - - need approval please review the revised attached press release , which we would like to send out as soon as possible . please call steve kean , mark palmer or me with your comments . thank you . karen x 39757 - jmstrong 21 . doc 
2	Subject: make your bed a  bed - er  sex place to sleep this is the break your waiting for , soft tabs , a generic cialis but better , it dissolves in you mouth which will go directly to you blood stream . 15 minutes or less to feel the hardness going on . visit our website for more info . r _ emove !  
2	Subject: ceraweek 2000 update ! dear ceraweek 2000 registrant , thank you for your recent registration to ceraweek 2000 , cera ' s 19 th annual executive conference and related events , february 8 - 10 , 2000 in houston , tx . ceraweek 2000 promises to be a premier international event offering senior energy executives new ideas , insight , and strategic thinking , as well as opportunities for discussion on the major issues facing the global energy industries . to keep abreast of new speakers and agenda changes , we recommend that you visit our website at http : / / www . cera . com / ceraweek / . please note that there have been slight changes to the agenda and schedule . if you have questions or concerns regarding ceraweek 2000 please contact cera registration at register @ cera . com or 800 879 - 2372 ext . 800 ( outside the u . s . ( 617 ) 497 - 6446 ext . 800 . ) we look forward to seeing you in houston . sincerely , cera registration - attl . htm 
2	Subject: start your trading day with a bang homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 20 ol have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and | ogica | security have become paramount for al | industry segments , especially in the banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga , a whoily owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eciipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this | ucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeiand security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourseives in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitaiize on events which have yet to happen . homeiand security investments is here to heip our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : o . 08 short term target price : 0 . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 2 o * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wireiessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technology . * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technology which a | | ows companies and governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such technoiogy has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materiais designated " high risk " were they to fail into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear facilities , and more . * as with ail stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that wi | | assist in the automation of the identification and contro | of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industries . aithough small wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible probiems before they become serious , they can aiso deliver safety features within oi | wells . oil maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , aiong with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a weil filling with water . as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can aiso provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handier , and | imit the entry of personne | to specific | ocations . ensuring personne | safety is essential , shouid there be an emergency at a faciiity , rfid tags would enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee ' s safety and / or danger . this appiication technoiogy requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuabie safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oi | , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retail | evel . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previousiy stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable too | to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company beiieves that such offering service and technology application in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industry wiil further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capita | and global spending that the company wiil require for growth . the company ' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fuliy speiled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of tweive thousand do | | ars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wi | | seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: tenaska marketing ventures - 04 / 01 prod sale deal # 714540 daren - looks like the meter statement is showing some gas was pulled on days april 04 & 07 that was not priced or pathed . please let me know what price tenaska should be billed for these two days . thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 
2	Subject: nelson nele interview vice : i interviewed nelson last week . here is my feedback : 1 ) very communicative 2 ) good professional experience - works as a consultant 3 ) good quantitative background he lacks a background in finance , which may be a minus for a position in the group . i beleive he may be valuable for other areas that deal with emissions and pollutants . paulo issler 
2	Subject: branded softs norton internet security professional 2005 - $ 19 . 95 http : / / disambiguate . jetlow . com / the rest is silence . it made our hair stand up in panic fear . fear leads to anger . anger leads to hate . hate leads to suffering . 
2	Subject: swaps monitor research . we have today published information about the global exchange - traded options and futures volume . this research is contained in the attached pdf file . through our web site , swapsmonitor . com , you can obtain additional information about otc derivatives dealers , including rankings and a database of outstandings going back to 1994 . as an e - mail subscriber to our research , you will automatically receive all free research at the same time it is placed on our web site . if you wish to remove your name from the e - mailing list , please use the reply feature of your e - mail application and type the word " remove " in the subject line . regards , - total _ et . pdf andrei osonenko research department 
2	Subject: re : www . 1400 smith . com i just sent this link to mark as well . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jafry , rahil sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 2 : 58 pm to : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; kitchen , louise ; forster , david ; webb , jay ; puthigai , savita ; goddard , paul ; shah , kal subject : fw : www . 1400 smith . com the site is a knock - off of enrononline and looks very ( very ) similar . . . its owned by : customer service ( enronoffline - com - dom ) nexpoint technologies , inc . p . o . box 583 nokesville , va 20182 usa 866 - 639 - 7646 520 - 833 - 5950 domreg @ ntidesign . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alon , heather sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 2 : 46 pm to : jafry , rahil ; heuertz , kelly ; allario , john ; becker , lorraine ; cummings , john subject : fw : www . 1400 smith . com this isn ' t pretty but it ' s functional . heather alon enrononline ( 713 ) 853 - 1825 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : adams , matthew sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 2 : 44 pm to : freeman , ben ; shulklapper , ken ; alon , heather ; scott , susan m . ; gillette , lisa ; garrett , bryan ; zimmerman , grant ; schneider , richard ; zipter , rudi ; dalal , sunil ; stephan , nicholas j ; economou , frank ; hinze , ryan ; bennett , peter ; hilgert , chris ; meyer , chris ; miles , andrew ; higgins , ned ; mrha , jean subject : re : www . 1400 smith . com yeah , well try http : / / www . enronoffline . com ( that ' s offline ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : freeman , ben sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 10 : 37 am to : shulklapper , ken ; alon , heather ; scott , susan m . ; gillette , lisa ; garrett , bryan ; zimmerman , grant ; schneider , richard ; zipter , rudi ; dalal , sunil ; stephan , nicholas j ; adams , matthew ; economou , frank ; hinze , ryan ; bennett , peter ; hilgert , chris ; meyer , chris ; miles , andrew ; higgins , ned ; mrha , jean subject : fw : www . 1400 smith . com importance : high - - - - - original message - - - - - from : allen , margaret sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 9 : 59 am to : noble , ted ; simpson , erik ; simpson , yvette ; arnold , john ; elliott , steven m . ; bergen , kim ; freeman , ben ; maloney , darren ; williams , bryan subject : www . 1400 smith . com importance : high sign up so we can all keep in touch ! this was passed to me ; pass it on !  
2	Subject: post jobs fast and get results fast 100 ' s of employers are posting jobs here . make your next career move and log on to jobslog . com make a free resume and find lots of free career tips at our resource center ! jobslog . com 1314 south king st . , ste . 856 honolulu , hawaii 96814 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : nymex volumes for rebuttal vince - i need these numbers by tomorrow am as we are at crunch time . thanks - chris margaret carson 09 / 27 / 2000 08 : 44 am to : chris long / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : nymex volumes for rebuttal chris i track physical volumes in markets not really financials . . . try vince kaminski vp in ena ' s research desk and his people will have this for you . . . . margaret 
2	Subject: re : enymex here is the turbine description ( expanded version ) . if your received something with a table in it , that was sent out in error . this decription is subject ena legal review . steve 
2	Subject: exclusive brands www . w 6 iqzkyko 7 e 6 xhe . chshayef . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bye  
2	Subject: cheap , cheap , discount software . name brand software at generic prices compensate opt - in email offer for may 2004 unsubscribe me search software top 10 titles on sale now ! 1 windows xp pro 2 office xp pro 3 photoshop 8 . 0 cs 4 flash mx 20045 acrobat 6 . 06 corel graphics 127 systemworks pro 2004 edition 8 windows 2000 pro 9 cakewalk home studio 200410 adobe primer see more by this manufacturer microsoft adobe customers also bought these other items . . . share your thoughts write a review e - mail a friend about this item microsoft windows xp professional oem microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : is 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2004 average customer review : based on 1 , 368 reviews . write a review . microsoft office xp professional oem microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 549 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 479 . 01 ( 87 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : is 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : delve into databases with ease new context - sensitive smart tags new task panes new outlook condenses all your personal and professional e - mail into one central location - - even web - based e - mail includes word , excel , outlook , powerpoint , and access sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2004 average customer review : based on 887 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 59 . 99 you save : $ 539 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : is 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2004 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . macromedia flash mx 2004 pro macromedia choose : see other options list price : $ 699 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 649 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : is 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versions features : top - of - the - line flash development environment for advanced content and applications tools for creating forms - based data - driven applications , interactive presentations , high quality video experiences and more build effective data - driven applications with familiar forms - based development , powerful data - binding , and microsoft visual sourcesafe integration add interactivity and customized interfaces to high quality video broad device deployment is easy with device - specific emulators , templates and sample content sales rank : # 4 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : may 30 th , 2004 average customer review : based on 217 reviews . write a review . arboreal aim apocalypse calorimeter inarticulate ali fungicide vivace checkbook germinate colossal menial prudent claw nowaday hettie sleight cauchy curse insect mccall sicily convey dish wander schiller thruway digress ervin chutney broadway council tipoff pigeonfoot freud tradesman gang degeneracy thy declarative bustle extraterrestrial arsenal accept beneficent chirp netherworld eveready hager medium  
2	Subject: ( lottery winning notification ) lucky day international laan van hoornwijck 55 2289 dg rijswijk netherlands http : / / www . luckyday . nl winning notification letter dear sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of your selection as one of the winners of lucky day lottery international promotional draw netherlands . your e - mail address attached to a computer ballot system which you where emerge among the lucky winners . you are therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million dollas ) in cash credited to file ref no : ldi / 2289 dg lucky day international is by this program , launching our model computer balloting lottery draws system to developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever growing number of participants in our various lottery programs . after randomly selection 10 , 000 participants from an initial database of 100 , 000 e - mails address of all participants were selected through a computer ballot system from the middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , usa and south america as part of our international promotions program , which was conducted in view of launching computer balloting system into the lottery industry worldwide and zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the ( 5 ) five winners of the grand draw prize . to file for your claim , please contact the fiduciary agent through telephone and e - mail with the address given below : - citigroup agency laan van hoornwijck 56 2210 dg rijswijk , amsterdam the netherlands contact officer : andy seedorf tel : + 31 - 630 061 016 mailto : citigroup @ zwallet . com also find your winning lottery information and amount won below and endeavour to quote this information in every of your correspondence for the processing of your claim . ref : ldi / 2289 dg batch no : 15 - 28 - 39 - 43 - 44 grand draw no : 01 - 08 - 09 - 19 - 21 amount won : us $ 1 . m ( one million united state dollars ) * with your name , telephone and fax numbers for immediate procedures . furthermore , you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . congratulations once again from staff and board of lucky day international netherlands and thank you for being part of our email lottery program . yours sincerely , mr . van der blake promotion manager . book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: calpine monthly nomination - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ricky archer on 11 / 27 / 2000 12 : 29 : 31 pm to : " ' aimee . lannou @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : calpine monthly nomination aimee , this includes the 10 , 000 transport for december . thanks > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine monthly gas nomination _ _ _ . doc 
2	Subject: reply : cute chick anal jizz eatout action ' ello , ' ello , ' ello , what have we got here ? daa daa  
2	Subject: new version 7 : uncover the truth about anyone ! brand - new version 7 . 0 just released : astounding new software lets you find out almost anything about anyone . . . download it right now ( no charge card needed ) : for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here : http : / / go 21 bt . let . to / discover everything you ever wanted to know about : your friends your family your enemies your employees yourself - is someone using your identity ? even your boss ! did you know you can search for anyone , anytime , anywhere , right on the internet ? download this software right now - - click here : http : / / go 21 bt . let . to / this mammoth collection of internet investigative tools see the sites they visit , and what they are typing . - explore secret web sites that conventional search engines have never found . for the brand - new version 7 . 0 , click here : http : / / go 21 bt . let . to /   > discover little - known ways to make untraceable phone calls .   > check adoption records ; locate missing children or relatives .   > dig up information on your friends , neighbors , or boss !   > discover employment opportunities from around the world !   > locate transcripts and court orders from all 50 states .   > cloak your email so your true address can ' t be discovered .   > find out how much alimony your neighbor is paying .   > discover how to check your phones for wiretaps .   > or check yourself out , and you will be shocked at what you find ! ! these are only a few things you can do , there is no limit to the power of this software ! ! to download this software , and have it in less than 5 minutes click on the url below to visit our website ( new : no charge card needed ! ) http : / / go 21 bt . let . to / if you no longer wish to hear about future offers from us , send us a message with stop in the subject line , by clicking here : please allow up to 72 hours to take effect . please do not include any correspondence in your message to this automatic stop robot - - it will not be read . all requests processed automatically . [ bfryte ^ 3247 ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ " : } h ] 
2	Subject: executive program on credit risk modeling subject : announcement : executive program on credit risk modeling credit risk modeling for financial institutions october 15 - 20 , 2000 at stanford university business school risk management specialists , stanford business school professors of finance darrell duffie and kenneth singleton will be repeating their successful executive program on credit risk pricing and risk management for financial institutions . the course is created for risk managers , research staff , and traders with responsibility for credit risk or credit - related products , including bond and loan portfolios , otc derivative portfolios , and credit derivatives . this program includes : * valuation models for defaultable bonds , otc derivatives , and credit derivatives , with empirical applications to corporate and sovereign markets * empirical and theoretical assessments of models for measuring credit risk , with correlation , for portfolios * the strengths and limitations of current practice in credit risk measurement * practical issues in implementing credit modeling and risk systems * estimation of default and transition probabilities , and the correlations among the default risks of publicly traded companies , from historical data application form : credit risk modeling for financial institutions stanford , october 15 - 20 , 2000 this form may be completed and returned by email , or may be printed and sent by fax to : stanford gsb executive education programs fax number : 650 723 3950 you may also apply and see more detailed information by visiting our web site at : www . gsb . stanford . edu / exed / crm applications will be acknowledged upon receipt . if you have not received an acknowledgement within two weeks , please contact us . please complete all sections . all information is kept strictly confidential . name : put an x beside one , please : male : female : citizenship : job title : company : your company ' s main activity : business mailing address : business phone ( all codes please ) : business fax : email address : home address : home phone : nickname for identification badge : emergency contact name : emergency contact phone : title of person to whom you report : your job responsibilities and experience related to this course : ( please provide a brief job summary here , or attach and send a biographical summary containing information relevant to your purpose and qualifications for the course . ) college or university education : please list , by degree : college or university dates degree granted _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please note : all classes and discussions are conducted in english . in order to reserve a place in the course , the program fee of us $ 7 , 500 is due upon notification of acceptance . this fee covers the tuition , single room , meals , and all course materials ( including a proprietary manuscript on credit risk pricing and measurement ) . our refund policy is available upon request . please state the source from which you heard about this course : name and date : if you would like a hard copy brochure and application form , please contact : ( make sure to include your mailing address ) shelby m . kashiwamura program manager executive education stanford graduate school of business ( 650 ) 723 - 9356 phone ( 650 ) 723 - 3950 fax kashiwamura _ shelby @ gsb . stanford . edu 
2	Subject: april wellhead production estimate daren , this didn ' t help as i am unable to access any information on the file . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 04 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 02 : 42 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate subject : april wellhead production estimate bob , please see the attached file calculating an estimate of wellhead production for the month of april , 2001 . please be advised that this is a preliminary estimate as i have yet to meet with the gas buyers and i have not received any customer nominations . our pre - nom meeting is on tomorrow at 3 : 00 p . m . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: re : research allocation becky , i gave the % % for egm to shirley . i assume she communicated this info to you already . i assume egm includes f / x - i / r ( gary hickerson ) , weather , insurance ( jere overdyke ) , oil trading and coal . for calme i don ' t have any info . let ' s split the cost evenly . vince becky pham 11 / 02 / 2000 02 : 11 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : research allocation shirley , grm is now with egm group . egm wants to verify that the 17 . 5 % we are going to allocate to grm is for the insurance , jere overdyke group . egm seems to think that their weather , mark tawney group , is receiving support from research . also , can we break out the support for calme ? calme is going to split into 3 bus and i am trying to determine who i need to bill for research supports . if you have any questions , call me . thanx . 
2	Subject: read a message - more pleasure you always dreamt to rock hard erections  but without any results  show your girl a huge explosion as i used to do ! have you some doubt ? enjoy multi - orgasms using this powerful thing ! http : / / ablate . at . clearheads . net / gb / spur / delete : old sins cast long shadows 
2	Subject: from : mrs . noye ibekwe from : mrs . noye ibekwe dear friend , i greet you in the name of our lord . my name is mrs . noye ibekwe . i am a widow and a mother of two all girls . i know you will see my letter to you as an embarrassment considering the fact that we do not know ourselves . i plead with you to be patient with me i feel very pleased to contact you for some assistance and business relationship . i live in nigeria with my children . my late husband was a loving , caring and hard working businessman who died unfortunately in a ghastly auto crash . beforethe sudden death of my beloved husband , and father of my daughters , my late husband intended to establisha business in the japan asia with the sum of $ 25 million united states dollars , but unfortunately he died before this proposed venture . following his death , his family members insisted that i am not entitled to his property ( assets and money ) since i am a woman and my offspring ' s all girls as i do not have a male child for my husband . well , according to some barbaric traditional laws here in nigeria ( africa ) which doesn ' t permit a woman to inherit a man ' s property , as they are expected by tradition to take over the management of his business and other properties including myself who automatically becomes a wife to one of his immediate brothers . unfortunately to this wicked family members , the $ 25 million united states dollars which my late husband intended to use in establishing a business in the japan ( asia ) was deposited in unknown bank here in nigeria which his family did not know about it . . i and my late husband lawyer is the only one aware of this money , so i have discussed this matter with the bank mnager that i want this money personally so that i will be able to take care of my children ' s educational needs since my husband ' s family members vehemently opposed the furtherance of their education . according to the manager of the bank , he told me that the best way to secure this money is to transfer this money out side nigeria for safe - keeping , later it will be used for business establishment subject to the advise of whosoever finally assists us . at this juncture , i therefore ask for your sincere assistance in providing us with your details and the enablement to facilitate there mittance of this fund . you have to present yourself as my late husband business partiner all the documents that back up this fund will be given to you . as soon as i get your positive response , i shall provide you with all the necessary detail . however , i have decided to to give you 30 % of the total money as a reward for your sincere assistance and 10 % will be map out incase of any expenses the remaining 60 % of the money will be for my investment as i will want to keep aglow my late husbands dream of investing in real estate . to be able to help me , kindly send through my email , your personal details including yourcontact informations for easy communication . my two major reason of contacting you are : 1 ) i need and honest person into this deal 2 ) i need someone who will be capble to handle this money and also who will assist me finacerly to make sure that this fund move out of this country to your own account in your country according to bank manager he made me to understand that this transcation may need some money for important documents to make everything legally and i do not have money i am only maneging myself with my two duaghters here so if you see yourself honest and capeble to do the deal reply me immedaitley thanking you for your anticipated response . mrs . noye ibekwe 
2	Subject: video dating profiles click the photo above or click here introducing videodate 33 . com a 1 . 3 mega pixel webcam and headset and a 6 month membership - - a $ 135 . 00 value , yours for only only $ 29 . 95 with a subscription to videodate 33 . com your ticket to the dating world we want to revive the dating fanatic within you . unlike our competitors , videodate 33 . com offers you an exciting and safe way to meet that special someone . each of our members is allowed to record a video and audio profile using a webcam and headset supplied to you by videodate 33 . com here at videodate 33 . com , we do not believe in filling out long lengthy paragraphs about yourself because it still boils down to simple attraction . videodate 33 . com is the only online dating sevice that allows you to know exactly who you are chatting with on the other end . no more lying with fake photos get back into the dating world videodate 33 . com will equip you with all the necessary tools . hows this for starters ? a 1 . 3 mega pixel webcam and headset and a 6 month membership - - a $ 135 . 00 value , yours for only only $ 29 . 95 with a subscription to videodate 33 . com videodate 33 1911 glacier park ave , suite 480 naperville , il 60540  
2	Subject: notification of limited account access dear user , as part of our security measures , we regularly screen activity in the paypal system . we recently noticed the following issue on your account : we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by an unauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive paypal account features . we understand that this may be an inconvenience but please understand that this temporary limitation is for your protection . for your protection , we have limited access to your account until additional security measures can be completed . we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . please log in to paypal to restore your account access as soon as possible : once you log in , you will be provided with steps to return your account to regular standing . we appreciate your understanding as we work to ensure account safety . in accordance with paypal \ ' s user agreement , your account access will remain limited until the issue has been resolved . unfortunately , if access to your account remains limited for an extended period of time , it may result in further limitations or eventual account closure . we encourage you to log in to your paypal account as soon as possible to help avoid this . to review your account and some or all of the information that paypal used to make its decision to limit your account access , please visit the resolution center . if , after reviewing your account information , you seek further clarification regarding your account access , please contact paypal by visiting the help center and clicking contact us . we thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand that this is a security measure intended to help protect you and your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . sincerely , paypal account review department paypal email id pp 523  
2	Subject: warning : unauthorized account access dear regions customer . please read this message and follow it ' s instructions . unauthorized account access we recently reviewed your account , and we suspect an unauthorized atm based transaction on your account . therefore as a preventive measure we have temporary limited your access to sensitive regions features . to ensure that your account is not compromised please login to regions internet banking and investing by clicking this link , verify your identify and your online accounts will be reactivated by our system . to get started , please click the link below : important information from regions . this e - mail contains information directly related to your account with us , other services to witch you have subscribed , and / or any application you may have submitted . regions and its service providers are committed to protecting your privacy and ask you to send sensitive account information through e - mail .  
2	Subject: wind ppa value per your request , i will start providing a daily status report on the wind ppa mtm value . as of the close of thurs . 9 / 13 , the ppa value was approx . $ 24 . 0 mm ( after reserves ) . when i receive the $ 100 mm guaranty cost i will start incorporating this into a net calculation for an enron corp . view of the value . regards , mike curry enron power marketing , inc . ( 713 ) 853 - 4258 fax ( 713 ) 646 - 8272 
2	Subject: en | 1 large ln l weeki | | y ! paliourg : c | | ails & ievvltra works in as little as 30 minutes and lasts for up to 36 hours . c | | aiis works in as | ittle as 30 minutes and lasts for up to 36 hours . leevltra works in as iittie as 25 minutes and | asts fro up to 24 hours . v ' l ' s ' | ' t our s ' | ' t ' e and 0 ' r ' d ' e ' r h ' e ' r ' e  
2	Subject: perspective on ferc regulatory action client conf call today , jun e 19 th , 2 : 00 pm edt perspective on ferc regulatory action client conference call today , tuesday , june 19 th 2 : 00 pm edt host : ray niles , power / natural gas analyst speaker : steve bergstrom , president & coo of dynegy steve bergstrom , president and chief operating officer of dynegy , will join us at 2 : 00 p . m . today for a conference call discussion of the recent ferc action imposing price controls in the west . the discussion will be followed by q & a . questions to be explored include : what are the implications of the ferc action , for dyn and the industry as a whole ? what is the earnings impact ? what are the risks of further re - regulation ? and whatever else is on your minds we attach two recent notes on the ferc action for your reference . call in replay reservation 800 - 229 - 0281 us 800 - 642 - 1687 us 1073259 706 - 645 - 9237 int ' l 706 - 645 - 9291 int ' l replay until 6 / 22 , 11 : 59 pm raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s 
2	Subject: 2001 plan timeline please note that earnings and headcount templates are due to consolidations on monday , october 2 nd . attached is the latest timeline . please submit your templates to trey hardy by then . several guidelines or allocation calculations ( e . g . , it ) have not been sent to you because we have not received them from corp . or enw . therefore , we recommend that you use the guidelines from 2000 . that should avoid any delays for monday . please forward this to anyone who is participating in the plan 2001 process . call me if you have any questions ( x 58694 ) . thank you . dt 
2	Subject: http : / / www . foulston . com hello , i have visited www . foulston . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: special sale legal operating systems giveaway bundle 1 : windows x . p pro and office x . p pro for as low as 8 o dollars new office software s @ le bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo dollars want a new computer bundle 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator lo - 12 o dollars get it now the offer is valid untill may 12 th stock is limited what is your phone number ? carlo chung dressman ucb - bioproducts , smyrna , 30080 , united states of america phone : 186 - 986 - 2577 mobile : 814 - 116 - 1847 email : furjvdvxpdmi @ world 4 fun . ch this is a confirmation message this software is a 72 decade trial package notes : the contents of this message is for comprehension and should not be deterred phloem aspirate zip abreact time : thu , 12 may 2005 16 : 52 : 01 - 0800 
2	Subject: email exclusive - complimentary satellite dish with installation + + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + click - here - for - more - info to stop getting advertisements from this advertiser , click - here hitech electronics , inc . 15774 s . lagrange road # 110 orland park , il 60462 + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from mypersonalnirvana . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from mypersonalnirvana . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: give it to her good with vi - agra k make her curnm over and over all weekend long super v ; iiagra will keep you rockk hard all weekend . - do what you never thought you could again - be king of the bedroom - we have the cheapest prices available . - no pre / scrip / tion req / uired ! c \ \ ick here for more info . but i did wake up . there i was , a big fat roll of paper . i was sad . this is the end , i thought as they mixed me into a pulp . i was then shipped off to a store . after about a week , a man bought me . the big sister and her book . for once in a long time , i was happy . suddenly i felt strange and . . . different . the marina ? tonight ? shouldn ' t you ask your family first ? won ' t they mind ? if it ' s okay with them i ' d love to . michael nodded and picked up her pen , she was about to write when a papre plane landed on her table .  
2	Subject: christmas tree farm pictures  
2	Subject: vulgar muniz , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / www . 8006 hosting . com / cd / bingham , by the open .  
2	Subject: training resources and cost to attend energy operations systems classes as a follow - up to stephen schwarz ' s message below regarding training resources , i wanted to let everyone know that there will not be a charge in 2000 for any energy operations employee to attend any training classes that have been developed by energy operations ( i . e . , sitara , unify and magellan / livelink ) . there will be a charge to your rc , however , if an energy operations employee signs up for one of these classes and fails to cancel within the established guidelines . i know there was a lot of concern regarding your budget and costs for training classes after the corporate training department announced that there would be a change in policy this year . your rc will be charged a fee for any course that your employee signs up and attends through ernie . i just wanted to clarify the costs associated for any systems training detailed above will not be charged to your rc even though you and your employees use ernie to register for these classes . i have instructed the people in the training department who are in charge of billing to follow this policy . if you receive a charge in error on your rc report , please let me know immediately so that i can make the necessary corrections . if you have any further questions , please call me . thanks . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lisa b cousino / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2000 07 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen p schwarz 02 / 29 / 2000 09 : 42 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect subject : training resources beginning march 1 , the training resources you have been using from the project sirius team , ( elwanda bennett and joyce jenkins ) , will no longer be available . we have outsourced the delivery of operational training , including the systems - oriented training that elwanda and joyce have been delivering , to teamleadership center . many of you are already working with teamleadership on the development of operational training for energy operations . teamleadership will be working this year to integrate our systems training and operational training into a single coordinated training effort tailored to the needs of energy operations . in an effort to manage effectively both priorities and dollars spent , lisa cousino will be ena ' s point of contact with teamleadership . please make lisa aware of all services requested from teamleadership . if you have any questions about these arrangements , please call lisa at x 36343 . please share this information with your staff . stephen 
2	Subject: busty black babe get muffdived charset  windows - 1251 " > brunette slut spreads and shows her lovely gash . piecred puerto rican nymhpo bouncing on cock what a nice tits ! ! i ' m going crazy - so fresh , so beautiful . . i can ' t express ! and her sweet little body ? - her small hole , her wet lips ! what a good girls , i ' m going crazy with her ! http : / / appease . gitim . com / film / ? farub 311 exclusive _ shocking scandal _ vid . eos no m o r e : : canoga http : / / appease . gitim . com / no / ? evp 5 ijp 64  
2	Subject: fw : just some info before you vote mike triem na ipaq ' eric geiger ' ; ' jacob crawford ' ; ' laura gambrell ' ; ' lgambrell @ sammons - parker . com ' ; ' steve ' ; ' victor mamich ' cc : ' bg _ jg @ compuserve . com ' ; triem , mike ; ' anthony _ prado @ agfg . com ' subject : just some info before you vote > > do we really need another pathological liar for president ? > > > > fiction : al gore recently claimed that his mother - in - law pays more > > than $ 100 . 00 for the arthritis medicine lodine ; and he claims that > > his > > dog takes the same medicine for $ 37 . 00 , claiming " this is wrong ! " > > fact : gore ' s aides were quick to apologize for gore ' s lie , saying the > > > > information was from a democratic study . washington newspapers also > > reported that al gore wasn ' t even sure his mother - in - law was taking > > any > > medication and wasn ' t even sure she had arthritis . and , he doesn ' t > > know > > anything about his dog ' s " arthritis " . > > > > fiction : al gore said his father , a senator , was a champion of > > civil rights during the 1960 ' s . > > fact : gore ' s father voted against the landmark civil rights act of > > 1964 and was a racist who was fond of using the " n " word . > > > > fiction : al gore said that his sister was the very first person to > > join > > the peace corps . > > fact : by the time gore ' s sister joined the peace corps , there were > > already over 100 members . > > > > fiction : the same sister died of lung cancer years later and gore > > vowed to never accept tobacco money as campaign contributions . > > fact : just four years later , while campaigning for office , gore > > spoke to the tobacco industry and said he was one of them because > > " i ' ve planted it , raised it , cut it , and dried it . " he raised over > > $ 100 , 000 in > > " reported " contributions . > > > > fiction : while running for office , gore ' s campaign literature claimed > > > > he was a " brilliant student " . > > fact : washington newspapers said he barely passed harvard and > > consistently earned d ' s and c ' s . > > fiction : gore claims an extensive knowledge of law as a result of > > his extensive study at law school . > > fact : al gore dropped out of law school . > > > > fiction : gore claimed that his knowledge of god and spirituality > > came to complete fruition while " finishing " divinity school . > > fact : al gore dropped out of divinity school . > > > > fiction : al gore claimed responsibility for inventing the internet > > in the 1990 ' s . > > fact : shocked scientists were quick to speak out , explaining that > > the internet had been in widespread use by government and educational > > > > institutions since the early 1970 ' s . > > > > fiction : al gore claimed the book " love story " was based on his > > life and tipper ' s . > > fact : author erich segal called a press conference to deny his claim . > > > > ( couldn ' t he at least lie about a love story where his sweetheart > > doesn ' t die ? " > > fiction : gore claimed that as a reporter for a nashville > > newspaper , his stories led to the arrests of numerous corrupt > > criminals . > > fact : he later apologized for his claim and actually said it was > > untrue ( also known as lying ) . > > > > fiction : gore claims to increase diversity in the staff that > > follows him daily , especially among blacks . > > fact : black members of the secret service are suing because they > > claim they are not being promoted to positions guarding the > > vice - president . > > fiction : al gore said he was the first to discover the love canal > > nuclear accident . > > fact : the incident was already discovered , being investigated , and > > covered widely in the press for many months before gore was aware of > > it . > > fiction : gore said just recently that if elected president , he > > would put harsh sanctions on the sleazy producers of hollywood ' s > > extreme > > sex and violence . > > fact : just six days later , gore attended a fundraiser by > > hollywood producers and radical gay activists where he told them that > > he > > would only pretend to " nudge them " if elected . he raised over $ 4 > > million . > > fiction : al gore said he built his tennessee home with his bare > > hands . > > fact : totally false ! > > > > fiction : al gore says parents should not have a choice between > > private and public schools because public schools are far better . > > truth : al gore attended private school and he has sent his > > children to private schools . > > > > fiction : al gore remembers his mother lulling him to sleep as a > > baby by singing the popular ditty , " wear the union label " . > > fact : the popular ditty was created by the unions when gore was 27 > > years old . > > fiction : al gore claimed to co - sponsor the mccain - feingold > > campaign reform act . > > fact : the act was not sponsored until he had been out of office > > for over a year . > > > > fiction : al gore claims to be instrumental in keeping gas prices > > low . > > fact : gore has voted on numerous occasions to raise the tax on > > gasoline . in his book " earth in the balance " gore claims that the > > nation ' s > > number one enemy is the internal combustion engine . ( that ' s the motor > > > > in your vehicle that gets you to work and takes your kids to school ) > > > > fiction : gore pretends to champion the rights of poor women to be > > tested regularly for breast cancer with the most modern technology . > > fact : while giving a speech on the subject in september , gore > > didn ' t know what a mammogram was . > > fiction : al gore promised florida ' s senior citizens that they > > would finally have low - cost drugs with no interference from > > government . > > fact : gore ' s plan calls for the creation of a huge federal agency > > that would tell you which doctor you are allowed to see in order to > > get > > the " special rates " . > > > > fact : al gore told nbc ' s lisa meyers that he had never told a lie . > > when meyers pressed harder , " you ' ve never told a lie ? ! " gore said , > > " not > > that i know of . " sound familiar ? > > election day is ticking away . e - mail this to as many people as > > possible > > or we will be living in an al gore fantasyland . > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > reprinted from the internet news bureau article " al gore ' s 21 > > lies " > > > > > > > > > > > > do we really need another pathological liar for president ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > ssgt espinoza a . a . > itc / training > dsn 678 - 6961 > 
2	Subject: available capacity pursuant to our discussion this morning on available capacity on the thoreau - west section of tw , the following capacity is available in 2001 with no rofr rights : 14 , 000 mmbtu april - october 49 , 000 mmbtu november forward please refer to the attached spreadsheet for more information on available capacity . lorraine 
2	Subject: cheap software http : / / uracil . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: physical - financial tagg we have switched all the ena financial gas deals that should be marked as physical . again , we flipped these deals through a physical book so that the options trader could see his positions . there appear to be deals still out there for global markets , south america , and ecc . debbie - some of these deals actually should still be financial . leslie - if you will get in touch with canada , i will talk to global markets and south america . thanks 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage ! best reqards , valarie  
2	Subject: queen nakadia . . . booking now new years eve ( europe only ) open date : new years eve booking now only europe 2004 full music and looks from vip parties at film festivals to huge club venues , queen nakadia manages to put out the right tunes and impresses with her perfect mixing skills and her lovely appearance . with performances at over 100 locations in 17 countries in the year 2004 alone , nakadia could easily be seen as the world ' s most successful newcomer dj . book her now for your nye party ! booking contact : femaledjs @ yahoo . co . uk  
2	Subject: eletrobolt review john : the following points outline the current status of the project for our discussion at 2 : 30 pm ( houston ) : budget : the attached spreadsheet outlines the current status of the budget as compared to previous reports . the basic status is that we have $ 4 million in unallocated contingency and are basically on budget . sales process : we have received one indicative proposal from perez companc to purchase 50 % of the project equity in the asset company at approximately $ 3 million below book . this offer is only for the asset company and does not include any transfer of the upside of the marketing company . total has indicated that they will give us an offer next week , but this has been delayed several times . we are currently scheduled to complete the process with perez companc prior to year - end , but the schedule is aggressive . opic financing : the main finance agreement should be complete by early next week . we have worked with opic over the last few days to change certain parts of the deal structure to accelerate the process . opic is now indicating more willingness to work towards a year - end closing . the financing would represent $ 190 million in financing out of a total capital budget of approximately $ 282 million . construction financing structure : all construction costs for the project are currently financed through an off - balance sheet / on - credit vehicle with westlb as the lead bank in the group . the financing vehicle contemplates the take - out of the vehicle upon the completion of construction . the definition is in accordance with the construction contract . final completion of construction will not be completed until late december or early january in accordance with the construction contract due to the final completion of the water treatment facilities . we are currently using temporary facilities to run the plant . enron equity : under the current process , enron would need to contribute approximately $ 45 million in equity in the final capital structure of the project assuming the indicative offer we have from perez companc . the basic issue is the timing of the opic financing and equity syndication closing and the westlb take - out . commercial operations : upon the completion of testing of the eight unit next week , we are planning to declare the start date under the petrobras agreement such that we can begin receiving the guaranteed payment . the conflict created with this action is that this could create problems with westlb under the construction financing vehicle . the contract is clear that the take - out must occur upon completion in accordance with the construction contract which shall not have ocurred . however , the banks have stated in the past that they did not contemplate taking operating risk . we are working with the finance agreement to ensure that we have a coordinated strategy and story for the banks to keep them comfortable . however , there is a risk that the banks will push for a take - out during this period . turbine : we are currently evaluting the purchase of a turbine ( only the engine ) which is required to be on - site for operational purposes . this is not a ninth turbine generating set as we had previously discussed . the plan to date has been to lease this unit from ge . however , we were presented an offer to buy a used unit with significantly better economics and operating conditions than the lease . with our current status in the budget , we believe that we can accomplish this and still be under the original construction budget as outlined in the attached table . we are currently expecting to receive a $ 6 . 8 million tax rebate , we have been able to defer $ 2 . 5 million in expenditures contemplated in the original budget ( still included above ) and we have unallocated contingency of $ 4 million . thanks , brett 
2	Subject: answer the credit union survey and you could win cash ! give us your feeback and you could win cool cash at enron federal credit union , we are continually looking for ways to improve , and bring you the products and services that help simplify your life , like on - line banking and e - statements . to ensure we continue to offer you the newest and most innovative financial products on the market , please take 2 minutes to answer this short survey found at the following address : http : / / home . enron . com / efcu / survey when we have received your completed survey , your name will be automatically entered into a drawing to win $ 200 cash if you are a member , or $ 100 cash if you are not a member . deadline for entries is wednesday , july 26 , 2000 . your responses will be sent in confidence directly to me . we appreciate your time and your opinions . jack mcadoo president and ceo enron federal credit union 
2	Subject: viagrra scores ! hello , welcome to pharmonlin puritanical e s profanation hop - one of the buffet leading oniine pharmaceutical shops atrocity v northwards g suicide al stifling ll l wamble a r radiolocator ac desultory l i picket sv sledding a u planetstruck m andmanyother . - sav sierra e over 50 % - worldwide shlpp exhale lng - total confidenti gingery aiity - over 5 miiiion cu dramatization stomers in 130 countries have a selfrealization nice day ! 
2	Subject: bounce skel @ iit . demokritos . gr : non - member submission from [ kmaraki @ yahoo . com ] from paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr wed mar 31 08 : 54 : 58 2004 received : from iit . demokritos . gr ( [ 143 . 233 . 247 . 176 ] ) by iit . demokritos . gr ( 8 . 11 . 6 + sun / 8 . 11 . 6 ) with esmtp id i 2 v 5 sol 22628 for skel @ iit . demokritos . gr ; wed , 31 mar 2004 08 : 54 : 50 + 0300 ( eest ) message - id : 200403310554 . i 2 v 5 sol 22628 @ iit . demokritos . gr from : kmaraki @ yahoo . com to : skel @ iit . demokritos . gr subject : mail delivery failure ( skel @ iit . demokritos . gr ) date : wed , 31 mar 2004 09 : 04 : 57 + 0300 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / related ; type  multipart / alternative ; x - priority : 1 x - msmail - priority : high this is a multi - part message in mime format . content - type : multipart / alternative ; content - type : text / plain ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable ! doctype html public - / / w 3 c / / dtd html 4 . 0 transitional / / en htmlhead meta content  3 dtext / html ; charset  3 diso - 8859 - 1  http - equiv  3 dcontent - type meta content  3 dmshtml 5 . 00 . 2920 . 0 name  3 dgenerator style / style / head body bgcolor  3 d # ffffffbrmail delivery system - this mail contains binary charactersbrbr - - - - - - - - - - - - - failed message - - - - - - - - - - - - - brz?xxjl 8 t ' 9 ifr # za 49 kfs 7 ? : ywpaosz ( wof?ryvum ? 9 tnzj r 5 poq % 5 to % zzjsn _ un? : br 8 zgr 8 esl : c ' ro?an ! nx ~ 0 mb?jbrbrpartial message is available and has been sent as a binary attachment . br or you can view the message at : brbr a href  3 dcid : 121401 mfdab 4 $ 3 f 3 dl 780 $ 75387018 @ 57 w 81 fa 70 re height  3 do iframe src  3 dcid : 121401 mfdab 4 $ 3 f 3 dl 780 $ 75387018 @ 57 w 81 fa 70 re height  3 do width  3 do / iframe divnbsp ; / div / body / html content - type : plain / text ; name  norton antivirus deletedl . txt content - transfer - encoding : base 64 dmlydxmu  
2	Subject: re : loan recommendation form li , i shall take care of it thursday . please , call me at the end of the day . vince li xiao @ enron 06 / 27 / 2000 11 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : loan recommendation form hi , vince , i was told by molly that she hasn ' t received the recommendation form from you yet . since i got admission late from the school , now i am short of time of getting i - 20 which needs loan approval , and getting visa status transferred ( from h - 1 to f - 1 ) which requires i - 20 and loan approval and normally takes around 45 days through ins ( immigration naturalization service ) . now , i am trying to push every step to speed up the process in order to catch up the school opening at beginning of sept . i know i just told you this late last week . nevertheless , i am writing to see if you can squeeze some time to finish the recommendation form anytime soon . it will be a big help . thank you very much , vince . have a good day . sincerely , li x 39635 
2	Subject: resume - alex argueta the following is the resume of alex argueta . he is currently a revenue accountant at eog resources . he is open to other accounting opportunities , as he does not want to be restricted to revenue accounting . his salary is $ 42 k . 
2	Subject: re [ 6 ] : question with your health th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar spu m r - inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds .  
2	Subject: re : enron - allegheny energy supply agreement louise , this is the extent of my conversation with mike on this topic . i am fully aware of maintaining all of our options . don - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - don miller 03 / 14 / 2001 11 : 53 am to : " morrell , michael p . " @ enron cc : subject : re : enron - allegheny energy supply agreement mike , thanks for the email . given schedules , it may be early next week before i can get back to you with comments . regards , don " morrell , michael p . " @ alleghenyenergy . com > on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 12 : 01 am sent by : " thomas , cynthia l . " to : " ' don . miller @ enron . com ' " cc : " morrell , michael p . " , " bevilacqua , david j . " , " clark , patricia j . " subject : enron - allegheny energy supply agreement as we discussed by phone yesterday , i am attaching drafts of a letter i propose to send to louise kitchen and an amendment to the agreement between enron and allegheny energy supply . the detailed schedule to get us from here to closing is as follows : march 19 s - 3 ready to go effective ( no sec review ) march 23 sec approval of ewg filing march 30 underwriters ' due diligence complete april 3 sec approval of equity / debt financing filing april 4 s - 3 goes effective ( no sec review ) april 6 print preliminary prospectus april 8 palm sunday / passover begins april 9 distribute preliminary prospectus / begin sales calls april 13 good friday april 15 easter / passover ends april 16 s - 3 ready to go effective ( assuming sec review ) april 18 - 20 united states roadshow april 22 - 23 europe roadshow april 24 - 25 united states roadshow april 26 equity pricing may 2 debt placement closing with banks may 2 equity sales closing may 3 enron acquisition closing > > please call me when you have reviewed these items . my phone number is ( 301 ) 665 - 2716 . m . p . morrell - enron letter . doc - amendment to enron agreement . doc  
2	Subject: naughty cunt - lapping teens ! warning ! the us govt doesn ' t want you to see this ! pussy licking orgies ! dirtydykes voted # 1 lesbian site on the net ! we have the horniest youngest teen dykes in the world ! . cum join them and you get unlimited access to 5 , 000 of the most hardcore teen dyke movies you will ever see ! non - stop dildo action ! dirty dykes includes . . . voyeur dorm ! watch real live naked teens 24 hours a day ! chat to them live ! tell the sluts what to do ! they get very horny ! tongue fuck that tight teen pussy ! this site is owned by a foreign corporation which allows us to provide our members with extreme hardcore material ! click here for dirty dykes ! ! removemortar suburbia brenner genus dryden massey ellis collegian nitpick boggy capstan persia infix akers bragg coplanar park parenthood signature were allyn blowup silt khrushchev beckon progeny  
2	Subject: brad romine greg , as you may know , brad romine ' s dot . com venture fell apart . the offer from enron looks much better now . i have arranged for him a number of different interviews ( including one with you ) . i think we should not be too punitive and give him the 2 nd chance . i am also setting up for him interviews with rac and ebs and he should be able to negotiate a good first rotation . please , give me a call if you have any other question . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: f / u from iris mack , mba / phd to enron vince , iris received an error message when sending this to you so she ask i forward it to you . she is currently living in california . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 11 / 15 / 2000 09 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " iris mack " on 11 / 14 / 2000 11 : 20 : 15 pm to : vincent . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : f / u from iris mack , mba / phd to enron dear dr . kaminski , how are you ? i seemed to have lost contact with you . the last contact was with a ms . graham - regarding my coming to houston for an interview - while i was still living in london . i am now back in the states - where i spent the last few months working for a dot . com . although this internet opportunity was interesting , it was not a viable one . i guess part of the technology firm shake out . therefore i am now interviewing again - with investment banks and insurance companies . is enron still interested in having me come down for an interview ? if so , please let me know how to proceed . thank you in advance for your time and consideration . kind regards , iris mack 925 . 933 . 7833 get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . - cv for iris mack , mba , phd . doc 
2	Subject: we ' re giving away an sony dvd camcorder to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . gsml . 0 - 4541091 - 5 d 6 d . em . ca . - bait @ gs 22 . majorleagueoffers . com bss 4012 south rainbow drive las vegas , nv 89103 usa  
2	Subject: don ' t miss this ! live and work in the usa ! butch embeddingrebut kelly wilhelmbeefsteak apogee squirreldegum adsorb semidomino abo burgeoncuff atlanta persistartichoke pith arrangedriven bear girlisabel mortal sledanheuser 
2	Subject: day / night ccd cameras yh - 2089 usd : 60 . 00 pickup device 1 / 3 - inch sony ccd image sensor number of pixels pal : 752 ( h ) ?   582 ( v ) ntsc : 752 ( h ) ?   492 ( v ) system of signal ntsc / pal horizontal resolution 480 tv line minimum illumination 0 . 01 lux / fl . 2 lens mount c / cs backlight compensation on / off ( switchable ) agc on / off ( switchable ) electronic shutter 1 / 120 s ?  l / 250 s ( optional ) iris control video / dc white balance on / off ( switchable ) s / n ratio   ? 52 db gamma correction   ? 0 . 45 operation temperature - 20 ? ? ~ 50 ? ? sync . system intertal video output 1 . 0 v p - p / 75 | ? power supply dcl 2 v ,   ? 150 ma / ac 24 v , < 120 ma / ac 220 v , < 10 ma dimensions ( mm ) 55 ( l ) ?   51 ( w ) ?  l 07 ( h ) weight ( g ) 278 shenzhen tokia electronics co . , ltd add : room 303 , 15 # hengling industrial park longhua city , , shenzhen , china . mobile : + 008613827465766 http : / / www . cctvcameras . cn e - mail : sales @ cctvcameras . cn jammewu @ yahoo . com . cn msn : jammewu @ hotmail . com skype : jammewu market department : jamme wu 
2	Subject: ut super saturday candidates dear ut team : thank you for all your time and help over the past several weeks . through the interview process , we have chosen 38 financial analyst candidates to bring to super saturday on november 4 . these candidates are : amanda ostrander , ali ahmed , bonnie chang , brad morgan , brad staller , brian falik , brian kanatzar , bryan willingham , carol stauch , castlen moore , doug epperson , chris calato , daniel bates , daniel jenkins , david eastlake , david michels , hina khan , irfan iqbal , james lee , jason huang , jay raman , judy maledon , max sell , michael morris , natalie madi , natascha seume , paul horng , ryan ruebsahm , ryan williams , sean steele , shaleen miller , stephen dexter , tayyab balagamwala , ty purdy , lydia kuo , matt linford , lauren szeto , and melanie sandoval . i have personally called each of the 38 candidates to let them know they have been selected . they will also receive a formal letter through the mail later this week . this letter will include details regarding november 4 . the interviews for the tax analyst position also yielded the following : 5 spring internship offers : ashley berger , yi ( zoe ) zhou , li li , weijing shin , and xuemei lang 1 summer internship offer : chia - lin lee 2 full time office visits : andrew susman and amanda ostrander the next step is cultivation . i will assign candidates to targeted team members for telephone follow - up calls . i would also like to have volunteers to go to austin next week to take these candidates to dinner . please let me know if and when you will be available so that i can begin planning . thanks again for all your help and hard work ! ! ! lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: deal ticket 329242 ; meter 986887 there is a drab of gas ; 34 mm ' s on the first of august on the meter . probably from valving off . the above ref ' d deal was from jul , do you want to extend it for one day ? let me know . mary 35251 
2	Subject: industry news would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we can get you lnterest as low as 2 . 32 % . fill out our small form below and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it takes less than a minute of your time http : / / www . ez - rate . info / 1 / until that day , he could not hear the language differences . he asked for the computer every day by pointing to it . he was allowed to spend time each day on the noun program . one year later he was talking in full sentences and was staffed into normal preschool . 
2	Subject: ferc approves pg & e nw it allocation procedure quick change in pg & e nw it allocation within hours of a ferc vote yesterday ratifying proposed changes in its interruptible transportation ( it ) queue , pg & e gas transmission northwest announced new procedures effective today . the commission rejected shippers complaints to the new scheme and accepted pg & e nw ' s tariff sheets as of oct . 25 , saying the revisions were " generally in accord with industry practice and will simplify capacity allocation procedures . " under the revised tariff pg if there are more confirmed it nominations from shippers all paying the maximum rate , then it capacity will be allocated pro - rata to the confirmed nominations . ~ for example , if the capacity constraint were at station 14 , a shipper with a confirmed nomination paying maximum rate from stanfield to malin would be allocated capacity pro rata with a shipper with a confirmed nomination at the maximum rate for service from kingsgate to malin . second to shippers paying discounted rates or negotiated rates at less then the maximum rate . the discounted / negotiated it space will be allocated on highest to lowest total revenue ( rate x mileage ) . ~ for example , a shipper with a confirmed nomination for service with a total revenue per dth of $ 0 . 11 would be awarded capacity ahead of a shipper with a confirmed nomination for service with a total revenue of $ 0 . 10 , regardless of the path nominated . discounted it shippers having the same total revenue will be allocated space on a pro ration of their confirmed nominations . " questions can be addressed to pg & e nw ' s transportation coordinator at 503 - 833 - 4300 . 
2	Subject: raise testosterone 500 % only al . pha male plus can grant men tons of cli . maxes . at last , any man can have many orgasms and give his partner the climax they need imjzyadshs ephdnxdmob no more emailz  
2	Subject: osez nous visiter ! la po?sie ?rotique est de plus en plus populaires de nos jours . nous savons que les gens mature ne veulent pas des histoires pour enfants . ils veulent du piquent et des intrigues . chez pagenpages . com nous offrons une histoire d ' une auteure comptemporaine qui vous fera sauter de votre chaise . le design et l ' ambiance du site est impressionnant , et invite l ' internaute ? vraiment entrer dans l ' histoire . ce site s ' adresse ? un public mature et avertis . certains textes peuvent ne pas convenir ? un public non avis? . osez ! page ' n pages  
2	Subject: award notification ! ! de national lottery po box 1010 liverpool l 70 lnl from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref no : de / fis 222147500302 and batch no : 44 / 151 / aye attention : sir / madam , re / award notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement of de national lotto programs held on the 12 th of september , 2004 as part of our last quarter of the year bonanza . you or your company , attached to ticket number 034 - 1416 - 4612 - 750 , with serial number 6521 - 11 drew the lucky numbers 31 - 51 - 22 - 24 - 39 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in category a . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 800 , 000 in cash credited to file ref no : de / fis 222147500302 this is from total prize money of us $ 8 , 400 , 000 . 00 shared among 3 winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer balloting system drawn from 96 , 000 names from middle east , asia , africa , south america , europe , north america and oceania as part our international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with city fidelity trust bank , due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claims agent ; mr . andrew turner city fidelity trust bank , london , satellite phone : + 8821646652944 . fax : + 447092807619 email : cftb _ customers 56 @ zwallet . com cftb _ customers 28 @ zwallet . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact city fidelity trust bank not later than 14 ( fourteen ) banking days upon receipt of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . all correspondences to mr . andrew turner , either by fax or email , should have this email sent along with it and also , your full address , your country of residence and your email address to which this email is sent , should be clearly and boldly written in your response with your claims agent . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with city fidelity trust bank . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , cindy brett . the promotions manager , de national lottery , uk n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / www . goldcoastforensics . com  
2	Subject: re : so percopo mostly a social call . brief discussion on noise in the market he ' s hearing and reading , etc . he walked me through oustanding issues on alamac that he is working with duran and heather to resolve . heather tells me there are only two remaining issues so i ' ll followup on those . i suggested rather than buying assets from us ( alamac ) , he should be ready for us to ask him to co - invest alongside us if we need equity partners in transactions ( bny , cogentrix , uae , etc - didn ' t discuss any particular deals ) . told him we ' d expect him to turn the deals quickly . he ' s ready and willing to be here any day we have something to discuss with him . i can fill you in on more details later . budget allocation from glisan has been postponed . i will let you know the outcome when its resolved . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: enrononline executive summary for october 18 , 2001 following please find the daily enrononline executive summary .  
2	Subject: your bed and breakfast web site is not being seen ! dear harry here is the detaisl i spoke of . yourbed and breakfastwebisite is not being seen ! why ? no one can find it ! your web site is not on manyisearchi engines and at the bottom of their listings and as a result you are losing customers who cannot find you ! can this be changed ? yes ! rockwell data group forionlyi  99 . 97 we will submitiyour web site to over 850 of the . ( see full list of searchtengines at the end of this document ) we will submittyour site with the most effective meta tags and keywords . ( see our moneytback guaranteey ) we know what the searchiengines are looking for . how do we know ? we look at the top five webisites in your category and use the same metaitags and key words that they use . if it works for them it will work for you ! so your webisite can befound andiseen for twelve months ! iguaranteedi ! ( see ouri testimonials ) think about it ! just as you have a web designer to build your site and a company to host your site , does itnot make sense to use a company that specializes in professionally submittingi your web site . getting your webisitefound and seen ! a shocking fact ! your webisite designer and your host are not responsible for getting your web site seen ! yes , they may submit your site to a few searchiengines periodically but tostay on the topof the search engines is an aggressive business . getting onto the searchiengines and at thetop of their listings doesn ' t just happen . you have to be put there ! what the . net , the internet magazine 8 / 2000 said : " you have your web site designed and have sorted out the maintenance and waiting for the business to roll in , but there ' s one small problem . . . . no one knows ! " you need a professional company to do it ! your moneytback iguaranteei ! we will professionally submit your web site to the getting your webtsite found and seen ! or your moneytback . tguaranteed ! there is nothing to lose ! some testimonialstof those that have used rockwell data group " this service is my secret weapon . idid notbelieve it was possible to have such a rapid response . " etvcom . tv " i have been truly amazed by the results . i have received enquires from austria , hawaii , spain and many different parts of britain for my international real estate business . this is directly due to this service . i definitely recommend it ! worth every penny ! " keyhomes . net " we run a cancer clinic and it is essential that our web site is submitted to as many searchiengines as possible . we are looking forward to having the capability to do online video conferencing and online diagnosis with our patients from many parts of the world . it is a real advantage to have the capabilities that rockwell data group offers . " mari posas cancer clinic . " wedid notreceive a single inquiry until we used rockwell data group " noniuk . co . uk to submittyour webtsite all we need is your web site andie - mail address . we will do the rest ! once we have submittedtyour web site you will receive a dramatic response by e - mail from search engines around theiworld confirming that you are listed on them . this will happen every month for the next year ! to booktour servicetor for moreiinformation simply press this buttonand we will send back to you a link to our securedibooking site ! or call our bookingthotline freephoneio 800 iol 12 to 47 outside the ukto 044 800 tol 12 to 47 then beready for the response ! within 24 hours your web site will begin to be submittedtto over 850 searchtengines worldtwide and every month thereafter for the next year . the results will astoundtyou ! most of your competition are unaware of the facts below ! this is to your advantage ! web sitetfacts remember " the yellow pages " rule ! a searchtengine is like an enormous " yellow pages " with thousands of companies advertising the same product . unless you are near the front of the listing your chances of a customer actually seeing you is remote . unlike a literal yellow pages there is a way to move you to the front and also get you on all of the " yellow pages " in thetworld . what does it take to be seen on the searchtengines ? appreciate the three golden rules q searchrengines do not pull up the webtsites at random they use a specific method of search . those that know them are the ones at the top , those that do not are buried at the bottom ! q your webisite must be submitted to the searchtengines every month otherwise your site gets pushed off ( its a bit like a ferris wheel , you get on and then after a while you are taken off unless you get another ticket and get back on ) . q understand the importance oftkeywords , meta tags , and titles employed whenysubmitting your site to the search engines ! use the right ones and you go up . get it wrong and you go to the bottom ! some feel that it is enough to be on the largetsearch iengines . wrong ! the problem is because of their sheer size most webisites get buried . having your web site can boost you up the listings of these  , so you can be found on them . also many people use the smaller searchtengines and if your site is your chances of getting to the top are greatly increased . it is essential to be on them ! havingthe rockwell data  your webtsite every month tojworlds searchtengines will give you the advantageyou need . this can make the difference between new customers finding your webtsite or not ! be on all of these searchtengines google , yahoo , excite , altavista , hotboot , whatuseek , lycos , webcrawler , northernlight , directhit , alltheweb , pepesearch , searchit , http : / / search . yell . co . uk uk directory http : / / www . yell . co . uk / yell / web / index . htmlhttp : / / www . ukdirectory . comuk plus http : / / www . ukplus . co . ukuk web thebrit index media uk the uk web library http : / / www . scit . wlv . ac . ukuk yellow web whatsnew http : / / www . whatsnew . com / ukhttp : / / yacc . co . uk / britinddemon site of sites http : / / www . brains . demon . co . ukm http : / / www . mediauk . com / : / / www . looksmart . co . ukuk cybersearchhttp : / / www . cybersearch . co . ukuk / irelanduk ireland http : / / www . altavista . telia . comaustria austrian internet directory http : / / www . aid . co . atintersearchhttp : / / austria . intersearch . netadvalvas yellow pages http : / / yellow . advalvas . bele trouv ' tout http : / / www 2 . ccim . bewebwatchhttp : / / webwatch . beczech republicczech info center http : / / www . icml . comseznamhttp : / / www . seznam . czdenmarkdansk web index http : / / www . web - index . dkjubiihttp : / / www . jubii . dkfrance carrefourhttp : / / www . carrefour . netcnrshttp : / / www . cnrs . frecilahttp : / / www . ecila . frechohttp : / / www . echo . frfrance excite http : / / fr . excite . comlokacehttp : / / lokace . iplus . frnomadehttp : / / www . nomade . frvoilahttp : / / www . voila . frwanadoohttp : / / www . wanadoo . frgermanyaladin http : / / www . aladin . deallesklar http : / / www . allesklar . decrawler http : / / www . crawler . dedino - online http : / / dino - online . deexcite deutschland http : / / www . excite . defireball express http : / / www . fireball . deflix http : / / www . flix . dehit - net http : / / hit - net . dehotlist http : / / www . hotlist . deinter - fuxhttp : / / www . inter - fux . comintersearchhttp : / / www . de . intersearch . netsuchenhttp : / / www . suchen . delotse http : / / www . lotse . delycoshttp : / / www . lycos . denathanhttp : / / www . nathan . deweb - archiv http : / / www . web - archiv . deweb . dehttp : / / web . dedeutschlandgreece gogreece http : / / www . gogreece . comwebindex greece http : / / www . webindex . gr latin america argentina dna index http : / / www . iwcc . comfierahttp : / / www . fiera . comgauchonet http : / / www . gauchonet . comboliviabolivia web http : / / www . boliviaweb . comchile chile business directory http : / / www . chilnet . clcolombiaindexcol http : / / www . indexcol . comque hubo ( the colombian yellow pages http : / / www . quehubo . comcosta rica info costa rica http : / / www . info . co . crmexicomexico web guide http : / / www . mexico . web . com . mxsbelhttp : / / rtn . net . mx / sbelyupi http : / / www . yupi . http : / / www . auyantepuy . comvenezuela online http : / / www . venezuelaonline . comyuadahttp : / / www . yuada . com . venorth america canada infoprobe http : / / www . infoprobe . netmaple squarehttp : / / maplesquare . heureka http : / / www . heureka . hungary . comitaly ragno italiano http : / / ragno . plugit . netsearch in italy http : / / www 2 . crs 4 . it : 8080 shinyseek http : / / www . shinyseek . itnetherlandsde internet gids http : / / www . markt . nlilse http : / / www . ilse . nlsearch . nlhttp : / / www . search . nlsurfnet http : / / www . nic . surfnet . nlnorway eunet norge http : / / www . eunet . nonettvik http : / / nettvik . noorigohttp : / / www . origo . nosol kvasir http : / / kvasir . sol . noslovakiakio http : / / www . kio . sksloveniaslovenia resources http : / / www . ijs . si / slo / resourcessweden excite sverige http : / / se . excite . comlycos home - page directory http : / / swisspage . chswisscom http : / / www . swisscom . chswiss firmindex online http : / / www . firmindex . chswiss web http : / / www . web . chthe blue window http : / / www . bluewin . chwebdohttp : / / www . webdo . chturkeydost net turish web sites directory http : / / www . dost . netyugoslavia yu search http : / / www . yusearch . commiddle east isreal maven http : / / www . maven . co . ilsivuvhttp : / / www . sivuv . co . ilstarthttp : / / www . start . co . ilwalla http : / / www . walla . co . ilafricaregional africa online http : / / www . africaonline . comwoyaa ! m http : / / www . woyaa . comsouth africa ananzi http : / / pubol . ananzi . co . zasouth africa online http : / / www . southafrica . co . zaasia pacific regional asia internet plaza http : / / www . asia - info . comasiannet http : / / www . asiannet . comasia online http : / / www . asiadragons . comasiavillehttp : / / www . asiaville . comglobepagehttp : / / www . globepage . comsea quest http : / / seaquest . kusza . edu . mysearch dragon http : / / www . searchdragon . comsouth asian milan http : / / www . samilan . comaustraliaaaa matilda http : / / www . aaa . com . aualta vista http : / / altavista . yellowpages . com . auaustralia / new zealand anzwershttp : / / www . anzwers . com . auaustraliaaussie . com . au http : / / www . aussie . com . authe australian internet directory http : / / 203 . 17 . 138 . 111 / taidthe australian yellow pages http : / / www . yellowpages . com . aulooksmarthttp : / / www . looksmart . com . auaustralian internet directories http : / / www . sofcom . com / directoriessearch australia http : / / www . cowleys . com . autelstrahttp : / / www . telstra . com . auweb wombat http : / / www . webwombat . com . auhong kong hong kong internet directoryhttp : / / www . internet - directory . comhong kongworld wide web database http : / / mmlab . csc . cuhk . edu . hkn timway hong kong search enginehttp : / / www . hksrch . com / searchengine . htmlindial 23 india http : / / www . 123 india . comkhoj http : / / www . khoj . http : / / www . indonesianet . com / search . htmjapan dragon next http : / / dragon . co . jphole - in - one ( excite japan ) http : / / hole - in - one . com / hioinfonavigator http : / / infonavi . infoweb . or . jpmondouhttp : / / zagato . kuamp . kyoto - u . ac . jporionshttp : / / www . orions . ad . jpstellarhttp : / / www . stellar . co . jpwatchhttp : / / www . watch . impress . co . jpkorea oomph ! http : / / www . oomph . netmalaysia informative malaysia http : / / www . infomal . com . mymalaysia search engine http : / / www . cari . com . mynew zealand access new zealand http : / / accessnz . co . nzsearch http : / / www . searchnz . co . nzsingapore singapore unified internet directory http : / / edge . com . sgsurfer ' s edgehttp : / / surferes . edge . com . sg and many manyimore ! this is a businessito businesstemail . if thisiemail has been sentyto you in erroriplease accept ourrapoligise . if you wish to betremovediplease go to our webtsite and requesttremoval . thanktyou . yours sincerely , john franks  
2	Subject: you can start saving now ookioog nfmio ? sits fra fe qte rht now eop fthebest res o do ' t e sityou withevry ogae tionere , uquosfohun of eswteantere tryur eeserv w nortn ? cck teanmor  
2	Subject: having problems in bed ? we can help ! cialis allows men to enjoy a fully normal sex life without having to plan the sexual act . if we let things terrify us , life will not be worth living . brevity is the soul of lingerie . suspicion always haunts the guilty mind . 
2	Subject: re : real time sheet format geiv - i have forwarded this to bill . williams . iii @ enron . com . he ' s on the real time desk . i ' m in power technical services . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dubash , geiv sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 2 : 03 pm to : bill williams / pdx / ect @ enron subject : real time sheet format hi bill : i work with neil bresnan in houston and i ' m responsible for entering the real - time deals into the database . i was hoping that whoever creates the real - time sheet that you send to us could just put in the delivery point instead of including both points in a spread deal . i think it would be easier for anyone entering the deals here to just have the delivery point . hope i have made my request clear , please let me know if i need to clarify this further . thanks a lot , geiv 
2	Subject: viagra - just do her ! : - ) men ' s health pills - order securely online . every child deserves a home and love . period . the most wonderful discovery made by scientists is science itself . drink nothing without seeing it ; sign nothing without reading it . the fates have given mankind a patient soul . 
2	Subject: eprm vince , ? could you please provide me with an indication on whether you will be able to review the latest eprm article in the next day or so ? ? ? look forward to hearing from you shortly . ? julie 
2	Subject: cera insight : the gales of november recap and december forecast - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 12 / 05 / 2000 11 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 11 / 30 / 2000 09 : 05 : 23 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : cera insight : the gales of november - cera alert cera alert : sent thu , november 30 , 2000 title : cera insight : the gales of november author : n . american gas team e - mail category : alert product line : north american gas , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1432 , alternative url : cold november weather , with heating degree - days 22 percent above normal through the twenty - fifth , fueled withdrawals from storage that cera estimates will average approximately 8 . 5 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) per day for the month , near the all - time record for november set in 1995 . this is approximately 5 . 0 bcf per day higher than the previously expected withdrawal rate under normal weather conditions . the result is that storage inventories as of the end of the month are about 500 bcf below the year - earlier level and are on track to dip well into record low territory by the end of the winter ( see table 1 ) . for december , normal weather would result in storage withdrawals of 17 . 0 bcf per day on average for the month . at that rate , storage inventories would fall below 2 . 0 trillion cubic feet ( tcf ) by the end of the year , the first time that has ever occurred . by the end of march cera expects working inventories to be reduced to 606 bcf in the united states , compared with the previous record low of 758 bcf . this weather and high withdrawal rates have moved prices higher within the wide and volatile range between residual fuel oil and distillate , with gas prices moving farther above those of resid ( $ 4 . 75 to $ 5 . 00 ) and closer to the price of distillate fuel oil ( approximately $ 7 . 00 ) . strength in the oil market has kept the resid - distillate range high , but should gas test either boundary of this range , the price of either distillate or resid would move as well . under normal weather cera now expects december prices to average $ 6 . 25 at the henry hub , a higher level within this range reflective of reduced storage inventories . although prices have abated somewhat in recent days and will continue to rise and fall with weather and weather forecasts , fundamentals now are so tight that a return to cold weather would quickly drive prices back above $ 6 . 50 and potentially above $ 7 . 00 at the henry hub . it is only at that level or above that any significant additional demand response is likely , and even then such a response would require time . the possibility of curtailments of interruptible loads late this winter has grown , while the possibility of significant price relief appears increasingly remote . * * end * * follow url for html version of this message with associated table . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www . cera . com / ceraweek / account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: energy : notes from pg & e conference call thought this might be helpful . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 04 / 06 / 2001 03 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jon cartwright on 04 / 06 / 2001 02 : 52 : 18 pm to : " ' rjf energy - gram ' " cc : subject : energy : notes from pg & e conference call > the pg & e conference call just ended . > * the company reaffirmed that all trade suppliers will be paid in the > normal course of business . the company specifically mentioned that it > intended to maintain and pay in full all of its bi - lateral contracts , > which includes a contract with calpine . the company also plans to > maintain and assume its contracts with qualifying facilities and will pay > in full all post petition obligations . > * the company will also make all interest payments on its mortgage > bonds , however , no principle payments will be made until a reorganization > is finalized . > * the company indicated that it had " adequate cash for a significant > period of time " . > * pg & e did not provide a time table for the reorganization . > * the company reiterated that this is a financial and regulatory > crisis , not an operational one . > * the company will continue to work towards and believes that it will > be reimbursed in full , and , under that scenario , all creditors would be > paid . jon kyle cartwright vp & senior energy analyst raymond james & associates taxable fixed income research raymond james financial center tower iii , third floor 880 carillon parkway st . petersburg , fl 33733 - 2749 telephone : 727 - 573 - 8366 facsimile : 815 - 425 - 4161 jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com raymond james & associates , inc . member new york stock exchange / sipc institutional clients may call for additional information : high grade trading 800 - 248 - 8863 ext . 8336 * high yield trading 800 - 448 - 6623 this communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities mentioned herein . high grade and high yield securities mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors . raymond james & associates , inc . or its affiliates ( rja ) may perform investment banking or other services for , or solicit investment banking business from , any company mentioned in this report . rja or its officers , employees , or affiliates may own shares , options , rights or warrants and / or execute transactions in the securities mentioned in this report , which may not be consistent with the report ' s conclusions . additionally , rja may at times elect to make markets in particular high yield securities , but there can be no guarantee that our market making activities will be uninterrupted . all expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the research department of raymond james & associates , inc . , at the time of publication and may be subject to change without notice . information has been obtained from sources considered reliable , but we do not guarantee that the foregoing report is accurate or complete . other departments of rja may have information that is not available to the research department about companies mentioned in this report . for institutional clients of the european economic area ( eea ) : this document ( and any attachments or exhibits hereto ) is intended only for eea institutional clients or others to whom it may lawfully be submitted . further information on the securities mentioned herein is available upon request . ? 2001 raymond james & associates , inc . 
2	Subject: women will love you show her what you got , check it out http : / / www . getherbalsnow . com / nrgpills its worth it never - again http : / / www . getherbalsnow . com / r 
2	Subject: best product for 2002 copy dvd movies ? yes ! copy and burn your own dvd movies and video with a cd - r drive . * order by september 21 , 2002 , and receive the following free gifts ! 1 . " free dvd movie of your choice ( $ 20 . 00 value ) 2 . cell phone battery booster ( $ 19 . 95 value ) own all the dvd ' s you ' ve always wanted and start burning today ! . click here now !  
2	Subject: fw : on call ( revised ) correction on west desk brandee jackson 713 - 345 - 4013 w e e k e n d s y s t e m s a v a i l a b i l i t y f o r november 2 , 2001 5 : 00 pm through november 5 , 2001 12 : 00 am scheduled system outages : ardmore data center - facility operations : no scheduled outages . azurix : no scheduled outages . eb 34 data center - facility operations : no scheduled outages . edi : impact : corp time : fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 12 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 4 : 00 : 00 am ct fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 10 : 00 : 00 am pt thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 2 : 00 : 00 am pt fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 6 : 00 : 00 pm london thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 10 : 00 : 00 am london outage : edi _ qa oracle database upgrade environments impacted : corp purpose : to comply with corporate standardization backout : restore the database to its original state contact ( s ) : maria santiago 713 - 345 - 7354 john kratzer 713 - 345 - 7672 karen o ' grady 713 - 345 - 7149 ees : impact : ees time : thu 11 / 1 / 2001 at 6 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 12 : 00 : 00 am ct thu 11 / 1 / 2001 at 4 : 00 : 00 pm pt thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 10 : 00 : 00 pm pt fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 12 : 00 : 00 am london thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 6 : 00 : 00 am london outage : migrate eeshou - fslto san environments impacted : ees purpose : new cluster server is on san and san backups this will provide better performance , server redundancy , and backups should complete without problems . backout : take new server offline , bring up old servers change users profiles back to original settings . contact ( s ) : roderic h gerlach 713 - 345 - 3077 enron center south data center - facility operations : no scheduled outages enron north american lans : impact : ardmore time : sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 10 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 2 : 00 : 00 am ct sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 8 : 00 : 00 pm pt thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 12 : 00 : 00 am pt sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 4 : 00 : 00 am london thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 8 : 00 : 00 am london outage : add redundant connections between ard - cor - ccxl / 2 and ena - cxl / 2 - ard environments impacted : all purpose : increased bandwidth / resiliency available on the man backout : put original equipment / configs back in place contact ( s ) : dennis mcgough 713 - 345 - 3143 impact : ebs time : sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 1 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 4 : 00 : 00 pm ct sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 11 : 00 : 00 am pt thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 2 : 00 : 00 pm pt sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 7 : 00 : 00 pm london thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 10 : 00 : 00 pm london outage : relocate ebs portland servers and switch pdx - 3 wtcpl - swxl environments impacted : ebs purpose : existing equipment rack removed in order to install new phone system . backout : none . space must be vacated . contact ( s ) : chris shirkoff 503 - 778 - 0920 8774937918 @ skytel . com dave steiner 503 - 703 - 1553 field services : no scheduled outages . internet : no scheduled outages . messaging : impact : corp notes time : fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 9 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 1 : 00 : 00 am ct fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 7 : 00 : 00 pm pt thru fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 11 : 00 : 00 pm pt sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 3 : 00 : 00 am london thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 7 : 00 : 00 am london outage : cnotes server reboots environments impacted : all users on any of the mailservers listed below purpose : scheduled @ 2 week interval backout : make sure server comes up . contact ( s ) : trey rhodes ( 713 ) 345 - 7792 impact : ei time : fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 9 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 1 : 00 : 00 am ct fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 7 : 00 : 00 pm pt thru fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 11 : 00 : 00 pm pt sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 3 : 00 : 00 am london thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 7 : 00 : 00 am london outage : ei notes server maintenance environments impacted : ei local / domestic / foreign sites purpose : scheduled @ 2 week interval backout : n / a contact ( s ) : david ricafrente 713 - 646 - 7741 impact : ees time : fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 8 : 30 : 00 pm ct thru fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 11 : 30 : 00 pm ct fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 6 : 30 : 00 pm pt thru fri 11 / 2 / 2001 at 9 : 30 : 00 pm pt sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 2 : 30 : 00 am london thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 5 : 30 : 00 am london outage : ees notes server reboots environments impacted : all users on any of the mailservers listed below purpose : scheduled @ 2 week interval on lst and the 3 rd friday of each month . backout : contact ( s ) : dalak malik 713 - 345 - 8219 market data : no scheduled outages . nt : no scheduled outages . os / 2 : no scheduled outages . other : impact : time : sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 9 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 12 : 00 : 00 am ct sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 7 : 00 : 00 pm pt thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 10 : 00 : 00 pm pt sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 3 : 00 : 00 am london thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 6 : 00 : 00 am london outage : migrate ebs common data to corp environment and update dfs environments impacted : any user accessing o : ebs purpose : will be migrating all common data from o : ebs houston and o : ebs portland to corp servers in houston and their corresponding ebs servers will be decommissioned . o : ebs shepherd and o : ebs loopcentral will also be migrated and their corresponding ebs servers will be decommissioned . o : ebs will be removed from dfs and the dfs entries will be re - inputed in order to decommission the ebs dfs server . this needs to be done as part of the decommissioning of the ebs environment . backout : leave ebs data servers and dfs servers online and re - input the dfs links . contact ( s ) : mark wolf 713 - 345 - 6389 impact : hr time : sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 8 : 00 : 00 am ct thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 11 : 00 : 00 am ct sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 6 : 00 : 00 am pt thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 9 : 00 : 00 am pt sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 2 : 00 : 00 pm london thru sat 11 / 3 / 2001 at 5 : 00 : 00 pm london outage : replace cd - rom in hr - db - 5 environments impacted : hr lan purpose : the cd - rom drive has failed and needs to be replaced . backout : contact ( s ) : brandon bangerter 713 - 345 - 4904 mark calkin 713 - 345 - 7831 raj perubhatla 713 - 345 - 8016 281 - 788 - 9307 impact : nahou - rem 2 time : sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 1 : 00 : 00 pm ct thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 1 : 30 : 00 pm ct sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 11 : 00 : 00 am pt thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 11 : 30 : 00 am pt sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 7 : 00 : 00 pm london thru sun 11 / 4 / 2001 at 7 : 30 : 00 pm london outage : upgrade nahou - rem 2 server with latest remedy patch environments impacted : remedy reporting server purpose : plug a memory leak in the current version patch . backout : remove the new executable and rename the arserver . old to arserver . exe contact ( s ) : james weaver 713 - 345 - 4810 sitara : no scheduled outages . sun / oss system : no scheduled outages . telephony : no scheduled outages terminal server : no scheduled outages . unify : no scheduled outages . for assistance ( 713 ) 853 - 1411 enron resolution center specific help : information risk management ( 713 ) 853 - 5536 sap / isc ( 713 ) 345 - 4727 unify on - call ( 713 ) 284 - 3757 [ pager ] sitara on - call ( 713 ) 288 - 0101 [ pager ] rus / gops / geotools / aprs ( 713 ) 639 - 9726 [ pager ] oss / ua 4 / tarp ( 713 ) 285 - 3165 [ pager ] cpr ( 713 ) 284 - 4175 [ pager ] edi support ( 713 ) 327 - 3893 [ pager ] ees help desk ( 713 ) 853 - 9797 or ( 888 ) 853 - 9797 tds - trader decision support on - call ( 713 ) 327 - 6032 [ pager ] 
2	Subject: joint venture louise , just a thought - i think our pr people and outside law firm should stop refering to netco as a joint venture - it hurts our ability to get commercial and regulatory agreements in place . chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: get your woman to know who is the boss . you can do it better please do not click ! f you ' re not seroius http : / / online - internetstore . com today only v ! codin vl @ gra c ! alis only - 0 . 87 - per - dose . http : / / online - internetstore . com check out your details inez rutherford 
2	Subject: fw : meeting with john are you interested ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tammie schoppe / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2001 08 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kimberly hillis / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 12 / 2001 06 : 21 pm to : tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect cc : carrie a robert / na / enron @ enron subject : fw : meeting with john tammie , john asked if louise could handle this please . thanks kim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : robert , carrie sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : hillis , kimberly cc : vegas , dennis subject : meeting with john hi kim - dennis vegas and i would like to set up a brief 15 minute meeting with john . experienceenron has already been supporting his commercial team , however , we would like to increase john ' s awareness about the repertoire of services in our group that can potentially help his team achieve their revenue goals . by talking to john , it will also help us understand what opportunities exist in his organization and where we can add value . dennis and i have been meeting with the wholesale services business unit leaders and would like a few minutes to meet john . if possible we would like to combine a meeting with john and louise , but let us know what john prefers . thank you . carrie 
2	Subject: delivery status notification - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server : lucaballiano @ aliceposta . it ; failed ; 5 . 7 . 1 ( delivery not authorized , message refused ) mbertozzi @ aliceposta . it ; failed ; 5 . 7 . 1 ( delivery not authorized , message refused ) 
2	Subject: urgent assistance dear friend , i pray god almight this message reaches you in wonderful spirit . how are you and your family . i am mrs . jessica e . savimbi , from angola . l got your contact and profle w . w . w and coupled with the information i gathered about you from the external trade department of my country chamber of commerce and industry in my country . there is an imformation i would like you to keep very confidential . there is sum ammount of money my late husband unita rebel leader jonas malheiro . savimbi deposited in a bank in africa under a suspense account for safe keeping before he was killed by angolan millitary force . the squable happened as over the issue of mineral and allocation resource of diamond using his power and influence to smuggled diamond to the neighbouring country in exchanged for money and other valuable asset . my late husband married three wives . i am the second wife . i will not be able to give you the full details that led to that urgly incidents . presently i am staying in cotonou , , just to save my life , with my three children . the money in question , is $ 10 , 500 , 000 . 00 u . s . dollars . what i would want you to do , is to assits me to get the fund transfer into your account in your country for investment prior to your advise , and we shall open a small account in a bank on your name , and transfer the money to your country , through the account . i will give you the 20 % of the money for your assitance . there is no risk in this transaction . i will use the remain balance of the money for an investiment in your country for the future of my children . if you are intrested , and can maintain the very confidential of this transaction , you e - mail me immediately through my email address for more clearification , and also note that i am a refugees in nigeria , becuase of the killing of late husband , and the civil war going on in our country . kindly reply to my email address . ( kc 2005 @ mail 8 . com ) i can speak little english , thank you very much . mrs jessica savimbi send your loved ones easter eggs and figolli this easter . shop online at http : / / shop . di - ve . com  
2	Subject: story - my daughter isn ' t in pain anymore newsweek medical : are you in pain ? comparison finalists no more crave persuasivehave penis worldbodyguard lackey coupeglutamine escape morphinefisherman cryptanalytic stokecellar algonquin bewitchcatnip complicate alkalinedalton kafkaesque gigabitsquander squad hacksaw upbringcoexist debate upstanddichotomize atonal lumbermanarrowroot 
2	Subject: no charge ! fresh new niche . collage girls hundred percent free membership ! . . only the youngest wild 3 st girls . http : / / sheridan . buttermagma . info / col 4 /  
2	Subject: online pha . rmacy u can trust hello , welcome to health suite ! vi ra al xa x cod ag ci is na vi in and many other athttp : / / www . barrack save yourself a huge 70 % off all orders with us . have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: issues website http : / / ubsintegration . corp . enron . com / 
2	Subject: strong buy alert : weekly member newsletter gotham financial daily bioelectronics corp . ( otc pink sheets : biel ) * * mega trading alert * * special - alert - biel . pk check out the gains from recent strong - buy recommendations . . . december ? htsc at . 70 high 3 . 25 . . . . 410 % gain ! january ? . . . qlhc at 90 high 3 . 50 . . . . 389 % gain ! april ? ? . . . . . ipys at . 30 high 1 . 10 . . . . . 266 % in two days these types of gains happen every day in the world of pink sheets ! lets look at today ' s featured company : bioelectronics corp . bioelectronics corp : biel current - price : $ 0 . 80 reasons to buy biel . pk : biel ( bioelectronics corporation ) is taking proven medical technologies and making them available to more people in new convenient , cost - effective dermal patches . by applying advanced microelectronic technology , bioelectronics is dramatically reducing the size and the cost of some well - establ biel first fda cleared product , actipatch ( tm ) therapy is a dermal patch with an embedded microchip that delivers weeks of continuous pulsed electromagnetic energy . actipatch therapy is the miniaturized equivalent of the large pulsed electromagnetic energy machines prescribed by physicians for decades to reduce swelling , relieve pain and enhance the healing of surgical incisions , accidental wounds , sprains , strains and chronic wounds ( bedsores ) . actipatch ' s size , portability , ease of use and relatively low price overcomes the obstacles to use associated with the large , expensive , stationary machines . the introduction of actipatch provides an immediate therapeutic alternative for the 200 million surgical and non - surgical soft tissue injuries across the u . s . annually . bioelectronics has launched it ' s actipatch product line in cooperative distribution relationships with several well - established medical device companies in various medical market segments . new products and additional applications : biel and leading pharmaceutical and device manufacturers and conducting new clinical trials . these trials include : abdominoplasty - - pain ; face and forehead lifts - - pain and edema , facial fat injections - - pain and edema ; heel - - pain and healing ; oral surgery - - pain ; swelling and accelerated healing ; and abdominal surgery - - pain and accelerated healing . successful results in these trials will be published and used to secure additional fda approved indications of use . biel is developing products for the treatment of chronic pain , arthritis , inflammatory skin conditions , and chronic wounds . information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . gs research and / or its officers and employees have been compensated $ 10 , 000 . 00 cash by a third party for work involved in the preparation and production of this reportin compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of independently purchased shares of the company mentioned prior to the publication of this report . . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . short term trading targets are only guesses on our part . keep in mind that when trading small stocks like the company above there is a chance you will lose every penny you invest . furthermore there have been times in the past when the company itself tells lies , gives false information and puts out false news . this email is for entertainment purposes only . this is not investment advice . we suggest you check with an investment professional before investing any stocks or mutual funds .  
2	Subject: re : mg integration : resource requirements dear mike , a lot of the needs listed in tim ' s memo will also be needed in ny , but on a smaller scale . i ' ll put a resource requirement memo together by the end of the week and then we can determine who would fit these requirements and where these people should come from ( london / houston ) . i think this project would be a great opportunity for some analysts / associates ( of course working under experienced personnel ) . regards shona mike jordan @ ect 08 / 14 / 2000 02 : 56 am to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron subject : re : mg integration : resource requirements a good tee up - and one we should regularly reassess - here goes some initial feedback which you should push back on : - valuation review - resource requirement to be defined in detail by andy in his new role - i think the offer from eric of finding some analysts and associates for the short term assessment may be the immediate answer . balance sheet substantiation - at present i assess the power and gas substantiation process as priority - although we should review the resources coming free from global ( chris and rashpal ) as they may not be easily useable by raewyn - chris is free at present and rashpal promised for thunderball . whilst i am as concerned as you are we should reassess level of risk because aa would have done ( could do more ? ) some substantive / due diligence on balance sheet the trade accountants at mg had a simplistic entity structure based around an infrastructure where the as 400 did both the dpr and account posting - unlike our own systems - so inherent risk is lower ( excluding inventory ) we must make certain our efforts are aligned to fin ops ! inventory - interesting one this - it should be very accurately controlled already ( it is the business ? ? ? ) yet the problem is that it is not transparent at the consolidation level . i would like you to get david tregar to assess the level of risk with you ( and discuss with me and philip lord the current securitisation of inventory ) before we put an action plan in place for this balance sheet category integration / controls - you should continue your efforts to bring the mg priority to the functional stripe leaders ' agenda - after friday ' s meeting they know the effort required are that recruitment is key sap - we will look to michael heap on this ( but we did identify some key business analysis work for kevin rhodes to be done asap - we should track this ) remote offices - continues to be the dog that has not barked ( yet ) - richard , you and i need to rethink where we are - particularly with south america overall - we both agree more resources are required but they have to be scoped quite precisely ! thanks for the note tim poullain - patterson 11 / 08 / 2000 18 : 59 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : mg integration : resource requirements mike , as you know we still have a very full issues list and we are spreading the few resources we have on ground pretty thinly , leaving a residue of partially completed tasks that will need to be revisited at some point . also , though we are leveraging mg staff where we can , we have already made an assessment that their support infrastructure is very lean - this is being stretched to breaking point by the rw acquisition and various enron integration initiatives , e . g . establishing functional teams . at present we have the following resources on the ground : we are continuing to identify issues that add to our assessment of operational risk . if we are to reduce this risk to an acceptable level we need to commit additional resources to the project . i assess our current resource needs as follows : valuation review : the valuation review that andy and i performed prior to " effective control " date identified a number of complex valuation issues that require further quantitative analysis . also , there is imbedded optionality in a lot of the physical business transacted throughout mg which should be modelled to determine the correct valuation and accounting treatment ( and if there is any extra value to be extracted - eric gadd has recently prioritised this ! ) . requirement - risk manager with developed quantitative / modelling skills . balance sheet substantiation : a comprehensive validation of balances including a review of reconciliation ' s , evidence of account ownership ( detection of " 88888 " ' s accounts etc . . . ) is overdue . requirement - lead accountant plus two juniors . inventory : a lot more analysis is required of the global inventory balances - see earlier note to eric gadd . requirement - one / two risk manager ( s ) . general integration : having now identified the functional leads for mg in london , we are now due to involve the " stripe leaders " in the process of creating the functional groups , including identifying gaps in resourcing . i will not prejudge the outcome beyond saying that each functional group will need extra staff that i am expecting the " stripe leaders " to provide . requirement - to be determined by " stripe leaders " . sap : ? ? ? requirement - to be determined by sap project team . remote offices : the above requests relate to the london office only . having identified enron controllers for the offices in the far east i do not envisage significant issues integrating those offices . however , i have minimal understanding of what our requirements in the us and south america are , and propose deferring that discussion to another time . . . regards , tim 
2	Subject: bounce skel @ iit . demokritos . gr : non - member submission from [ " graduate school of music in performance " ] from paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr fri sep 17 13 : 30 : 25 2004 received : from gaia . cs . uoi . gr ( gaia . cs . uoi . gr [ 195 . 130 . 121 . 201 ] ) by iit . demokritos . gr ( 8 . 11 . 6 + sun / 8 . 11 . 6 ) with esmtp id i 8 hauoo 04991 ; fri , 17 sep 2004 13 : 30 : 24 + 0300 ( eest ) received : from zeus . cs . uoi . gr ( zeus . cs . uoi . gr [ 195 . 130 . 121 . 11 ] ) by gaia . cs . uoi . gr ( 8 . 12 . 10 / 8 . 12 . 10 ) with esmtp id i 8 habvqmo 51562 ; fri , 17 sep 2004 13 : 37 : 57 + 0300 ( eest ) ( envelope - from gma 8 @ pantheon . yale . edu ) received : from gaia . cs . uoi . gr ( gaia [ 195 . 130 . 121 . 201 ] ) by zeus . cs . uoi . gr ( 8 . 12 . 9 + sun / 8 . 12 . 5 ) with esmtp id i 8 habacgo 27609 for hdmso 4 - list @ zeus . cs . uoi . gr ; fri , 17 sep 2004 13 : 37 : 37 + 0300 ( eest ) received : from pantheon - pool . its . yale . edu ( pantheon - pool . its . yale . edu [ 130 . 132 . 50 . 18 ] ) by gaia . cs . uoi . gr ( 8 . 12 . 10 / 8 . 12 . 10 ) with esmtp id i 8 habyqmo 51554 for hdmso 4 - list @ cs . uoi . gr ; fri , 17 sep 2004 13 : 37 : 36 + 0300 ( eest ) ( envelope - from gma 8 @ pantheon . yale . edu ) received : from pantheon - pool . its . yale . edu ( localhost [ 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ] ) by pantheon - pool . its . yale . edu ( 8 . 12 . 11 / 8 . 12 . 11 ) with esmtp id i 8 habx 7 lo 02625 for hdmso 4 - list @ cs . uoi . gr ; fri , 17 sep 2004 06 : 37 : 33 - 0400 ( edt ) received : ( from gma 8 @ localhost ) by pantheon - pool . its . yale . edu ( 8 . 12 . 11 / 8 . 12 . 11 / submit ) id i 8 habxeeo 02624 for hdmso 4 - list @ cs . uoi . gr ; fri , 17 sep 2004 06 : 37 : 33 - 0400 ( edt ) date : fri , 17 sep 2004 06 : 37 : 33 - 0400 ( edt ) message - id : 200409171037 . i 8 habxeeo 02624 @ pantheon - pool . its . yale . edu to : hdmso 4 - list @ cs . uoi . gr auto - submitted : auto - generated from : graduate school of music in performance gradmusic . admissions @ yale . edu subject : information message x - yaleitsmailfilter : version 1 . 1 e ( attachment ( s ) not renamed ) x - virus - scanned : clamav version ' clamd / clamav version 0 . 65 ' , clamav - milter version ' 0 . 66 d ' x - virus - scanned : clamav version ' clamd / clamav version 0 . 65 ' , clamav - milter version ' 0 . 66 d ' thank you for your inquiry into graduate performance studies at the yale school of music . please visit our website for more information : www . yale . edu / music application deadline for fall 2005 is dec . 15 , 2004 ( postmark date ) for information on undergraduate and other music studies at yale university , please visit : www . yale . edu / yalemus other useful contact information : opera at yale may be reached at opera . ysm @ yale . edu or at ( 203 ) 432 - 2690 organ and choral conducting : ( 203 ) 432 - 5180 or ism . admissions @ yale . edu visit to yale university and new haven information : www . yale . edu / visitor yale college undergraduate dept . of music ( 203 ) 432 - 2985 office of undergraduate admissions ( 203 ) 432 - 9302 or undergraduate . admissions @ yale . edu www . yale . edu / admit transfers : ( 203 ) 432 - 9316 or trans . admissions @ yale . edu other messages will be handled in a timely manner . in the meantime , if you have any questions please feel free to call us at ( 203 ) 432 - 4155 or visit our website at www . yale . edu / music thank you for your interest in the yale school of music ! thomas g . masse , dean of admissions jeanne kazzi , administrative assistant  
2	Subject: frank qian - cancelled interview schedule frank qian ' s interview scheduled for friday , february 9 , 2001 has been cancelled . i ' m sorry about the inconvience . if you have any questions please let me know . thanks sasha divelbiss 58714 
2	Subject: bloodline , ahead of the street microcap alert when living with sheriff is obsequious , blood clot beyond deficit reach an understanding with toward blood clot . [ 3  
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers all in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and complete confidentiality ! click here to find your verlfied by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: tomorrow ' s alert . homeland security technology offers 30 % share dividend . the center for homeland and global security reports that governments around the world will spend an estimated $ 572 billion for homeland security by 2005 hstj is positioning itself for a piece of that large pie with a dream team leading the way . please watch this one closely . * * * stock radar breaking news * * * set for price and momentum alert tomorrow , wednesday aug 18 our last recommendation , ( otc bb : vper ) took off like a rocket . hopefully , you participated and watched . here is our most current selection : homeland security technology , inc . ( hstj ) is a developmental stage company focused in three core areas : 1 . providing security consulting training for the military , law enforcement and the private sector 2 . manufacturing military hardware and gear for combat situations 3 . developing advanced technology involving armaments , munitions , targeting and survellaince system for urban warfare today ' s news homeland security technology , inc . announces 30 % share dividend tuesday , august 17 , 6 : 00 am et del mar , ca - - ( market wire ) - - aug 17 , 2004 - - homeland security technology inc . corp . ( other otc : hstj . pk - news ) announced today that the company will issue a 30 % ( thirty percent ) share dividend to shareholders of record at the market close on september 30 th , 2004 . shareholders have been very supportive of our company ' s business initiatives and should be further attracted to our company as the result of this share dividend , commented ernest remo , ceo of hstj . ( partial clip of the news just released . please go to yahoo or any financial site to read this news now ! ) hst has recently formed a joint venture licensing agreement with recon mountaineer , llc . this license establishes the foundation for hst to offer combat trauma bag ctb to the us armed forces . combat trauma bag ( ctb ) overview the ctb has been battle tested in afghanistan and iraq by corpsman of the lstmarine division . the ctb is constructed of 1000 denier cordura and master designed to meet or exceed all requirements and demands of our field medical professionals . the versatility and rugged construction of the ctb has made the first responder more efficient when assessing and taking care of casualties . management has received orders and commitments for approximately 500 units and is projecting wide scale deployment of the cbt for numerous military operations after field evaluations have been completed . 2005 homeland security market recent press reports have indicated that president bush has proposed a 14 . 4 % increase in spending for the department of homeland security to $ 47 . 4 billion . the request for total military spending was slated at 402 . 6 billion . highlights of the 2005 budget include : $ 3 . 2 billion for future combat systems an army program developing military gear for soldier to use in combat situations . $ 890 million was budgeted for aviation security measures such as bomb detection machines and air marshal training . the justice department is to receive a 242 % budgetary increase from 2001 levels to $ 22 billion for counter - terrorism and homeland defense efforts allocating more than 2 , 600 fbi agents for counter - terrorism efforts . lieutenant general emil r . buck bedard ( usmc ret ) joins homeland security technology inc . ' s military advisory board general bedard has continuously been a source of advice on combat operations , preparation for combat , and combat leadership . his philosophy has always been centered on vigilance and maintenance of a fighting posture for the fight that is coming now , not tomorrow . he was proven correct on 9 / 11 . the general evacuated his office in the pentagon , following the terrorist strike , and immediately began to direct marine corps operations from his alternate command center in headquarters marine corps . his combat experience in viet nam , desert storm , and somalia has always been in the center of the fight . the general has an instinctive understanding of what is required to maintain security at all levels to include the homeland , which has been his focus since retiring from the marine corps . the general ' s presence on the mtab will provide hst with invaluable steering guidance and connectivity to the pulse of homeland defense . homeland security technology inc . ' s military advisory board adds former navy fighter pilot and former fbi sniper ronnie frigulti and kit lavell on board to provide expert direction to hst ' s homeland security business hst ' s founder colonel powers added , the addition of ron frigulti and kit lavell to the military technical advisory board maintains connectivity to the needs and desires of first responders in both the homeland security and military sector of the market . our association with the trainers enables us to test evolving concepts in realistic venues with the operators who will benefit from the technology . about homeland security technology , inc . ( hst ) hst , inc . is a developmental stage company based in north county san diego trading under the ticker symbol ( other otc : hstj . pk - news ) . hst ' s mission is to develop and commercialize technology focused on providing increased security for both civilian and military personnel throughout the world . under the leadership of colonel jeffrey a . powers usmc ( ret ) , hst seeks to assemble a portfolio of technology and services through alliances with established defense - related companies and through internal development that can be brought to market in a cost - efficient and timely manner . hsti recently entered into an alliance with recon mountaineer , llc . , an oceanside , ca . - based designer and manufacturer of military combat gear for the united states armed forces . do your due diligence right now . make sure you check all recent news releases and become familiar with this company . keep your eye on it starting wed . we have issued a strong alert so don ' t miss watching this one ! disclaimer : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . sr does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . sr advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of sr is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort should be completed prior to investing . past performance is never indicative of future results . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , sr discloses the promise of one million free trading shares by a third party , who is not an officer or director of the company for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement . we will sell our free trading shares at anytime without notice . this could have an adverse impact on the stock price . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . sr believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms removal services , inc . 1771 post road east # 342 westport , ct 06880  
2	Subject: margin only 11 - 05 . xls futures margin requirements wire date 11 / 6 / 01 stmt date 11 / 5 / 01 us $ $ $ canadian $ $ $ broker ote credit facility covering ote ote less creditcoverage net option value initial margin line of credit covering initial margin ( except edf mann see calc below ) initial margin less line of credit covering initial margin line of credit covering realized / unrealized gains & losses ote initial margin abn - amro inc 503 , 712 . 00 503 , 712 . 00 0 . 00 388 , 300 . 00 388 , 300 . 00 0 . 00 adm investor 316 , 250 . 00 316 , 250 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 bank one 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 carr futures ( ng ) 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 carr futures inc . ( 1 , 460 , 680 . 58 ) ( 1 , 460 , 680 . 58 ) 0 . 00 2 , 511 , 837 . 81 2 , 511 , 837 . 81 credit suisse first boston ( 1 , 160 , 915 . 45 ) ( 1 , 160 , 915 . 45 ) 0 . 00 1 , 142 , 964 . 00 1 , 142 , 964 . 00 edf man ( see note below ) ( 18 , 655 , 272 . 50 ) 9 , 936 , 510 . 00 ( 28 , 591 , 782 . 50 ) ( 34 , 511 , 776 . 60 ) 15 , 063 , 490 . 00 15 , 063 , 490 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 fimat * 42 , 199 , 731 . 06 42 , 199 , 731 . 06 0 . 00 10 , 646 , 516 . 00 10 , 646 , 516 . 00 1 0 . 00 hsbc - us $ ( 3 , 323 , 112 . 50 ) ( 3 , 323 , 112 . 50 ) 0 . 00 375 , 311 . 00 375 , 311 . 00 hsbc - canadian 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 31 , 670 . 00 417 , 220 . 00 jp morgan 873 , 969 . 37 873 , 969 . 37 0 . 00 512 , 020 . 00 512 , 020 . 00 mann financial 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 paribas 83 , 022 , 463 . 80 83 , 022 , 463 . 80 0 . 00 25 , 608 , 872 . 00 25 , 608 , 872 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 prudential si 555 , 085 . 40 555 , 085 . 40 0 . 00 492 , 800 . 00 492 , 800 . 00 refco , inc 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 r j o ' brien ( 1 , 870 . 00 ) ( 1 , 870 . 00 ) 0 . 00 70 , 000 . 00 70 , 000 . 00 saul stone & company 77 , 154 . 00 77 , 154 . 00 0 . 00 147 , 000 . 00 147 , 000 . 00 smith barney , inc * * 9 , 569 , 912 . 00 9 , 569 , 912 . 00 0 . 00 5 , 570 , 731 . 00 5 , 570 , 731 . 00 0 . 00 0 . 00 smith barney , inc * * ( financial ) ( 148 , 500 . 48 ) ( 148 , 500 . 48 ) 0 . 00 86 , 400 . 00 86 , 400 . 00 total excluding mid - day calls 112 , 367 , 926 . 12 9 , 936 , 510 . 00 102 , 431 , 416 . 12 ( 34 , 511 , 776 . 60 ) 62 , 616 , 241 . 81 46 , 243 , 093 . 00 16 , 373 , 148 . 81 0 . 00 31 , 670 . 00 417 , 220 . 00 mid - day calls : ( based solely on market movement ) edf mann 0 . 00 total including mid - day calls 112 , 367 , 926 . 12 * * smith barney initial margin does not include delivery margin of $ 0 . 00 used line credit lines : line ote initial margin total line used total line unused smith barney 50 , 000 , 000 . 00 - 5 , 570 , 731 . 00 5 , 570 , 731 . 00 $ 44 , 429 , 269 . 00 paribas 75 , 000 , 000 . 00 - 25 , 608 , 872 . 00 25 , 608 , 872 . 00 $ 49 , 391 , 128 . 00 edf 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 9 , 936 , 510 . 00 15 , 063 , 490 . 00 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 $ - fimat 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 - $ 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 170 , 000 , 000 . 00 9 , 936 , 510 . 00 46 , 243 , 093 . 00 56 , 179 , 603 . 00 113 , 820 , 397 . 00 note : edf man - positive net option value is collateral for futures requirement . initial margin $ 15 , 063 , 490 . 00 option value used to cover margin $ 0 . 00 initial margin less positive option value $ 15 , 063 , 490 . 00 edf man line of credit analysis : initial margin $ 15 , 063 , 490 . 00 ote $ 18 , 655 , 272 . 50 ( limit 20 , 000 , 000 ) net option value 34 , 511 , 776 . 60 line of credit balance $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( limit 50 , 000 , 000 ) paribas line of credit limit is $ 75 , 000 , 000 1 includes amounts withheld from payments due enron . fimat ' s customer agreement states that excess margin including ote due to enron must first be used to pay down advances on the facility . 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at boxl . alhostco . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 50911 invoked by uid 89 ) ; 19 jul 2005 06 : 58 : 25 - 0400 received : from mxl . candidhosting . com ( helo mx . candidhosting . com ) ( 66 . 230 . 209 . 3 ) by boxl . alhostco . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 06 : 58 : 25 - 0400 received : from mailwisconsin . com ( 61 - 24 - 158 - 121 . rev . home . ne . jp [ 61 . 24 . 158 . 121 ] ) by mx . candidhosting . com ( postfix ) with smtp id eal 4 c 2 addb for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 58 : 22 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38190979 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : @ digital - intox . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: maire time nicolea veradis marne glenine sydel sibella micheline sharl piper dorella maggy antonietta sosanna gertruda dulciana dyna . ?arn $ 1 ooo by tomorrow 9 pm . no s?ll?ng , no g?mm?cks , no hyp? . . . just hon?st ?ncom? for hon?st p?opl? . w? ?re ?cc?pt?ng onl?n? ?ppl?c?t?ons for ? l?m?t?d tim? , so ?pply tod?y . h?t h?r? to st?rt % stormi blisse . cathrin marybelle margareta winona . jenni faith martina elianore brittany madelaine gwenette . elsi ginevra fey ira kevina tallie jolynn leticia korie halley desiri carrie anitra wilona joellyn ethelyn . ekaterina jen rubetta sabra tory malorie philippe bobina arabela ailene lynnet andi lynelle . bonnee bonnee candice karen queenie bamby kacy leonie janela koral milzie tildie corabella lira maggie lyda celeste ethyl marje evaleen thomasin isidora nessie . farand cassaundra alanna alisha . % bernadene coletta kipp hatty georgette easter melisse cinda amelina ashley sharline renie merna flore briana . jamie norrie roz elianore janeta lydia kath shelby lilyan nathalie luci mellisent jeri bonita bonita tabbatha gayle shirl ronica genevra karlyn shoshanna . % roch karlotte marsiella chrysa tilda nomi shoshana patti pierrette giacinta brittney kristi terrye ilka hilde bekki ninnetta sibilla valry ajay . davida fay milicent . stella katherine ophelie sherilyn jacinta legra regina bea norah harrietta christa ajay farrand meghann ranice marylou carlotta . pearline aleece rachelle milli adara donnie rosette dolorita damaris gilly . noelani roselia laurena marje .  
2	Subject: fw : calpine daily gas nomination > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : ricky archer > sent : tuesday , january 02 , 2001 9 : 27 am > to : ' aimee . lannou @ enron . com ' > cc : ' dfarmer @ enron . com ' ; ' mmccoy @ enron . com ' ; ' rcotten @ enron . com ' > subject : calpine daily gas nomination > > > > > > > ricky a . archer > fuel supply > 700 louisiana , suite 2700 > houston , texas 77002 > 713 - 830 - 8659 direct > 713 - 830 - 8722 fax > - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: re : confidential louise , that is fine and at the end of the day a decision to be made by gil and the weather group . just for the record , i want you to understand that i was very candid with my conversation with mike and did not sugar coat any of our issues . i was not trying to lay off a problem into another group . that being said , i was told that they felt that gil may have some skills that would be beneficial in their group . frank - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 3 : 51 pm to : vickers , frank w . subject : re : confidential gil will not be going to the weather group unless he goes as a director . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vickers , frank w . sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 6 : 16 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : confidential louise , egm may be interested in extending a job offer to gil to work in the weather group . i had a discussion with mike mcconnell and gave him my general opinion . i may have oversold . i will keep you posted . in addition , jared kaiser is returning from egm and will take over the lead origination role in the southeast as we have discussed . frank 
2	Subject: erec : tus - po : wer you may give her flowers and presents . you may take care of her and love her . but the best you may make for is to be the # 1 lover cialis will help you . % reduced priceson viagra , save 70 % !  
2	Subject: energy ops showstopper status report - 6 / 30 / 00 attached is an updated file summarizing the action plan for completing energy op ' s showstopper reports . if you are responsible for an action item , please keep me updated on your progress so that i can reflect it in the report properly . thanks in advance for your help . let me know if you have any questions . thanks , rainier 
2	Subject: can eva come over today ? make her wake up the neighbors your new 9 incher ! eutectic immeasurable presuppose exogamous drama protectorate taxicab who ' ll communicable monrovia auspicious behave barbarian casual piazza sanctuary account gyp synchronous . tried wag janitorial ebb sop tuxedo ambitious inspiration insolvable offend scornful catalogue clever disparate geigy respire rust charta precursor embroidery cyclorama combatant somali pooh . mooooore chaanges .  
2	Subject: penls enlarg 3 ment pllls  
2	Subject: fw : governance paper - draft one hi guys - here is my first attempt at this paper . happy to incorporate any comments ! thx ursula - gov . doc visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: prescription medication delivered overnight . p . n . termin , valium , + xanax + available . ki 80 hzhrb 5 if we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet : private , secure , and easy . always available : \ xana : x : # vlagr @ , | vialium ^ som : a : \ pnterm / i / n plus : fl ` 3 xeril , ce | 3 br : ex , fioric 3 : t , tram @ do ' | , uitr ' @ m , l 3 v | . tra , pro ` p 3 cia , acyc | 0 v : ir , proz ` @ c , p @ ' xil , busp @ ' r , ad . | p & x , i . 0 namin , m 3 ri : dia , x 3 nica ' | , am . bi 3 n , so ` nata we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . enjoy deep discount meds here . remove  
2	Subject: tenaska 11 / 00 and 12 / 00 we have the actuals for december 2000 . we need three demand fees . let me know if you have any questions . deal 529856 - $ 878 , 330 . 63 to offset price difference on tenaska iv sale deal 384258 - $ 459 , 483 . 51 to bill tenaska iv for payable reimbursement deal 514353 - change demand volume from 45 , 000 to 45 , 333 to update agency fee also , i need one more adjustment to nov 2000 and then we will be done . deal 529856 , day 11 / 01 - change demand fee from $ 409 , 145 . 72 to $ 407 , 547 . 02 thanks , megan 
2	Subject: plans for cable legal tv descarmbler want to watch sporting events ? - - movies ? - - pay - per - view ? ? you can assemble from electronic store parts for about $ 12 . 00 . we send you : e - z to follow assembly instructions e - z to read original drawings . electronic parts lists . plus something new you must have ! something you can ' t do without . the up - to - date report : using a descrambler legally warning : you should not build a tv descrambler without reading this report first . frequently asked questions - - cable tv descrambler q : will the descrambler work on fiber , tci , jarrod a : the answer is yes . q : do i need a converter box ? a : this plan works with or without a converter box . specific instructions are included in the plans for each ! q : can the cable company detect that i have the descrambler ? a : no , the signal descrambles right at the box and does not move back through the line ! q : do i have to alter my existing cable system , television or vcr ? a : the answer is no ! q : does this work with my remote control ? a : the answer is yes . the descrambler is manually controlled - - but very easy to use ! q : can you email me the plans ? a : no the program comes with an easy to follow picture guide . q : does this work everywhere across the country ? a : yes , every where in the usa plus england , brazil , canada and other countries ! q : is this deal guaranteed ? a : yes , if you are unhappy for any reason we will refund your money . ordering information act within the next 7 days and receive two free bonuses ! ! the cable manual ! this manual contains hard to find information your cable company does not want you to know . also receive the radar jammer plans ! never get another speeding ticket . build you own radar jammer , this unit will jam police radar so they can ' t get a reading on your vechicle . radar jammers are legal in 48 states . it is simple to build . the free bonuses alone are worth acting now ! the cable descrambler kit comes with a thirty day money back guarantee ! if your not completely satisfied , send the cable descrambler kit back and you keep the bonuses for free . you have nothing to lose ! ! act now and save ! ! simply send $ 14 . 95 , that ' s only $ 14 . 95 but you must order within 7 days for this special price ! ! ! send $ 14 . 95 add $ 3 . 05 shipping / handling total $ 18 . 00 check or , money order , usd only foreign orders must send payment in usd , drawn on a usa bank only . . . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * no exceptions * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * $ 18 . 00 net ops po box 4731 omaha , ne 68104 e - mail _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ this information is sold for educational purposes only . if you would like to be removed alloffl @ btamail . net . cn 
2	Subject: important auction info r 3 move market research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 
2	Subject: rolexes stand for luxury and accuracy . our e - store stands for rolexes and better value . don ' t extract every cent from youraccount just to gget one brandname watch . flnd affordable ones from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries , frank mullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings , tag heuers and tudors . with one closer look , you will be convinced at these beauties . they also have the same serial number and logo . we pay attention to details as customers do . don ' t miss this best part , the affordable prices of our goods . you can select highly durable goods made of solid stainlesssteel or other long - lasting materials . select either battery / quartz or the one with automatic movement . luv watches made from stainlessteel , with sapphire crystal surface and other great gudgets . when , f mrs . ty . but f lifting or this stra nge kind of s her jennings no language , within her reach in he eyes r moments of hap as 1 she , were buying beer , and talking to friends ; and 0 dried them ,  
2	Subject: re : chicago partners david , i sent a message with information to several different units but no response so far . i think people need a specific need to focus and i shall keep the chicago partners in mind when a relevant project arrives . i shall resend the message with attachments on cp in a few weeks as a reminder . vince vince david _ barr @ enron . net on 03 / 01 / 2000 10 : 15 : 57 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : chicago partners vince , hope this finds you well . i am sure you are more than busy but i wanted to see where we stand with feedback regarding me coordinating a potential presentation by chris culp at cp risk management . regards , david 
2	Subject: hpl noms for july 6 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 706 . xls ) - hplo 706 . xls 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012516 . txt 
2	Subject: elena chilkina please fill - out the evaluation sheets on elena chilkina . thanks 
2	Subject: entex apr 3 noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 04 / 02 / 2001 11 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ronald _ s _ fancher @ reliantenergy . com on 04 / 02 / 2001 11 : 32 : 33 am to : tom . acton @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : apr 3 noms this is a multipart message in mime format . - -  _ mixed 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  "  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  " - -  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : text / plain ; charset  " us - ascii " - -  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : text / html ; charset  " us - ascii " - -  _ alternative 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  - - - -  _ mixed 005 acf 2486256 a 22 _  content - type : application / x - ms - excel ; name  " hpl - apr . xls " content - disposition : attachment ; filename  " hpl - apr . xls " content - transfer - encoding : binary - hpl - apr . xls 
2	Subject: re : searching for your soulmate goodbye bandit jamafferent grisly analysesmet tattletale broomcorncyst glow dwarvesoutermost copra vanishremediable viaduct machinelikefritter cranford backorderchicano chrysler milwaukeediphtheria manhattan jeffersoniancommonweal 
2	Subject: re [ 5 ] : talk about our meds get double power with new booster smili okiehne fstormgirl tmiddleton seldon tmilutinovic aworreschk bschindler zakirov sandreeva utrejo ppodrapsky elee rdias tan vchen ikoller aschwarzl gmadureira rpupacic abuben as cheap as $ 1 . 33 per dose unsubscribe me  
2	Subject: ' need more mo & ney ? hello would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you rates as low as 3 . 91 % . think its impossible ? complete our short online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . afford the house and / or car you always wanted , it will only takes 2 minutes of your time : see the form here . .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : error : file o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121403 . txt is empty . 
2	Subject: this e . bay guide can help you earn a fortune ! need to make more m . oney ? there were over $ 16 billion in e . bay auction sales in 2003 . and they were done by people just like you ! click here to find out how you can make thousands on the internet ' s # 1 home based business . want out of our database ? do not reply to this 20 email . copy and paste this link into your browser - mail - svcs . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las v . egas , nv 20 89107  
2	Subject: eol project vince , just to update you on how things are going with regard to eol - i had a meeting with john arnold yesterday to show him what had been accomplished to date , and i think that he was fairly impressed by the information available . i asked him for his input , and he expressed his interest in having a couple of reports made up that couldn ' t be created from the format the data was in . i spoke to clayton about this , and he has already made changes that will reflect a number of the modifications john requested . i am also continuing to research the issue of an automated trading platform for eol . i have some information about how the nasdaq operates , and i have looked at some websites for ecns , such as archipelago , island and instinet . i have also had a look at the international securities exchange ( ise ) web - site , but they do not seem to explain much about their system . any further suggestions would be appreciated . i want to find out more about where eol is currently and what modifications may be necessary in the existing system , finish reading the material at the websites i have investigated , and then i will try to put together a presentation for you and / or greg whalley . tom 
2	Subject: only $ 16 per malboro carton tired of paying high tobacco taxes ? we guarantee thousands of savings a year ! premium brands , quality prices ! marlboro , camel , parliament from $ 16 . 95 a carton . save today !  
2	Subject: road - show . com q 4 i . com choose enron to deliver financial web content houston  ) enron broadband services ( ebs ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of enron corp . and a leader in the delivery of high - bandwidth application services , announced today content delivery contracts with road - show . com , an online resource for individual investors , and q 4 i . com , a financial services provider offering an online broker resource called brokeriq . the two financial services companies will use enron  , s epowered  v market cast and the enron intelligent network  v ( ein ) to enhance the quality and speed of content delivery to their investors . enron  , s solution provides tv - quality streaming video with delivery speeds up to 50 times faster than the public internet .  & these agreements reflect the financial services industry  , s need for better and faster delivery of online content ,  8 said joe hirko , co - ceo of enron broadband services .  & the enron intelligent network allows visionary companies like road - show . com and q 4 i . com to serve their customers with video to the desktop that has unparalleled speed , clarity and quality .  8 road - show . com is a fully integrated producer of online streaming media . the company  , s xvenue  v platform offers clients a turn - key solution for personalized live or on - demand webcast communications . road - show . com broadly streams the presentations that companies typically give on road shows prior to an initial public offering to audiences that include individual and professional investors .  & the enron intelligent network and market cast technology will allow road - show . com to offer our customers something they have never had access to before  ) real - time company presentations and one of the fastest , richest viewing experiences possible . this will enhance their ability to make fully educated investment decisions ,  8 said trey fecteau , president of road - show . com . q 4 i . com provides  & one - stop  8 advanced technology solutions for financial services companies and their clients . with its flagship product , brokeriq  v , professional brokers and their firms have a complete broker management system at their fingertips . q 4 i . com will utilize ebs to distribute financial video clips to clients via its brokercity  v product . in addition , enron will deliver q 4 i . com  , s live and on - demand streaming video clips of golf resorts , golf courses , golf real estate , equipment and golf travel for internet users around the world through golftv  v , q 4 i . com  , s online video network .  & our clients now have streaming video features available on their desktops via enron  , s network ,  8 said j . frederic storaska , chairman and co - ceo of q 4 i . com .  & they not only will enjoy on - demand streaming video of financial and golf information , but they  , ll have the opportunity to take advantage of special vacation and equipment offers reserved exclusively for our broker - dealers .  8 enron  , s epowered market cast solution epowered market cast , an application of the enron intelligent network , is an end - to - end streaming media solution for banks , brokerages and other financial services firms . using epowered market cast , companies can enhance investor relations , conduct virtual road shows and stream analyst presentations from their websites . in addition , epowered market cast is a powerful intranet solution for providing real - time financial news , data feeds , training and presentations to an internal audience . the application streams video at an average bit - rate speed of 200 kilobits per second ( kbps ) . the enron intelligent network is based on distributed server architecture , a pure internet protocol ( ip ) platform and embedded software intelligence that sets it apart from other networks . the ein  , s enhanced performance is due to its ability to deliver streaming media content  & one hop  8 away from the user at the closest ein edge server . the result is a tv - quality viewing experience for the user . in contrast , the public internet  , s ability to deliver the broadband content businesses need is often hampered by packet loss , interference and other disruptions that slow down transmission speed and compromise the end user  , s experience . about enron broadband services enron broadband services , formerly enron communications , inc . , is a leading provider of high quality , broadband internet content and applications . the company  , s business model combines the power of the enron intelligent network , enron  , s broadband operating system , bandwidth trading and intermediation services , and high - bandwidth applications , to fundamentally improve the experience and functionality of the internet . enron introduces its broadband operating system to allow application developers to dynamically provision bandwidth on demand for the end - to - end quality of service necessary to deliver broadband content . enron is also creating a market for bandwidth that will allow network providers to scale to meet the demands that increasingly complex applications require . a wholly owned subsidiary of enron corp . ( nyse : ene ) , enron broadband services can be found on the web at www . enron . net . about enron enron is one of the world  , s leading electricity , natural gas and communications companies . the company , which owns approximately $ 34 billion in energy and communications assets , produces electricity and natural gas , develops , constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide , delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world , and is developing an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business . enron  , s internet address is www . enron . com . the stock is traded under the ticker symbol ,  & ene .  8 
2	Subject: enron research and ebs engineering and operations group technical forum joe , i would like to invite you to an off - site meeting of john griebling ' s organization and the research group . date : april 27 - april 29 location : breckenridge , colorado as you know , john griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in ebs . the research group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes ( for modeling and forecasting internet traffic flows ) . the objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups , to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future . we are inviting ken rice and kevin hannon to this meeting . we would appreciate if you could speak , together with kevin and ken , on strategic directions of ebs . it is important for a group of technical people , with relatively specialized technical skills , to understand the big picture . i am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: re : re - start / integration planning what do we do about the pipelines ? do we include them in our customer phases ? thanks , mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , december 27 , 2001 4 : 58 pm to : belden , tim ; calger , christopher f . ; presto , kevin m . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; forster , david ; curry , mike ; arnold , john ; shively , hunter s . ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; luce , laura ; vickers , frank ; neal , scott ; lagrasta , fred ; aucoin , berney c . ; steffes , james d . ; roberts , mike a . ; grigsby , mike ; tycholiz , barry ; allen , phillip k . ; redmond , brian ; martin , thomas a . cc : lavorato , john subject : re - start / integration planning we have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the re - start / integration plans for netco . so far , we have primarily focussed on the mid / back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors . several plans are in the final stages of completion including : - + infrastructure jenny rub + development jay webb + enrononline webb / forster + hr david oxley + cash management tom myers + credit debbie brackett the rest will be completed shortly . we now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus . john and i would like to receive the plans " re - start / integration " plans by january 7 th , 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups . the focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible . i have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but i thought it might help . please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually . customer side + customers phase 1 - first week ( eg top 10 ) phase 2 - first month ( eg top 50 ) phase 3 - first quarter ( eg top 100 ) + action plan phase 1 customers phase 2 customers phase 3 customers + contracts by customers ( pre - prepared with credit terms etc ) + customer visit schedule product side + list of products phase 1 - first week phase 2 - first month phase 3 - first quarter target number of transactions + phase 1 + phase 2 + phase 3 it transfer louise 
2	Subject: fwd ; cialis softtabs , 24 hour sale online new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 49 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: 3 d vr ? 5 > nh 8 h - cd 9 + 7 a acid corrupted message this is the courier mail server 0 . 47 on hrwl . com . cn . i received the following message for delivery to your address . this message contains several internal formatting errors . this is often caused by viruses that attempt to infect remote systems . instead of blocking this message , it has been converted as a safe , text - only attachment that can be safely read with a text editor . this sometimes also happens when the sender ' s mail software has a bug that creates improperly - formatted messages . although these kinds of formatting errors may often be ignored by other mail servers , this server detects and intercepts improperly - coded messages in order to prevent viruses from taking advantage of bugs in e - mail programs : the headers in this message contain improperly - formatted binary content . see for more information .  
2	Subject: nesa / hea ' s annual sporting clays tournament - august 14 , 2001 ! pa rt ii ok now that i have your attention . . . mark your calendar for tuesday , august 14 th for nesa / hea ' s 5 th annual sporting clays tournament to be held again at the american shooting centers ! prepare yourself for the energy industry ' s premier shoot - out - remember last year ' s 13 gun , $ 11 , 000 give - away ? keep watching your email for upcoming details and registration information ! tournament changes and a completely redesigned two man flush game will better accommodate the shooters in this great event . those who register and pay by august 1 , 2001 are automatically registered for a " private drawing " sponsored by coral energy for a brand new shotgun , in addition to all the other great door prizes ! so get your shotgun out , put your team together and send in your registration information once it ' s provided . thanks in advance to many of our last year sponsors who have already committed to sponsorship this year as well as some new sponsors : coral energy resources , l . p . ; duke energy field services ; el paso field services ; entex gas resources ; houston pipe line company ; mitchell gas services ; reliant energy field services ; reliant energy pipeline services ; reliant energy services ; and sid richardson . if your company would like to join these elite sponsors , contact one of our sporting clays committee : jim cody ( 713 / 230 - 3550 ) , jeff eatherton ( 918 / 591 - 5173 ) ; t . kemp jones ( 713 / 207 - 1168 ) or matt lund ( 832 / 397 - 5737 ) . see you on august 14 th - stay tuned for more details ! 
2	Subject: cornshucker here are the points the gas is to be nomintated at for september by supplier : williams : el paso 15 , 000 lomax sterling 4 , 500 delhi cayanosa 5 , 500 apache ( by cynergy ) : delhi 6 , 000 lomax sterling 14 , 000 ( per nancy stivers ) she is to send me the nomination once complete . thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: re : fw : opportunities vince i will call you on monday . i understand that unexpected meetings are a matter of life in today ' s world . gerry - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , october 27 , 2000 3 : 12 pm to : gsheble @ iastate . edu cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : fw : opportunities gerry , i may have unexpected meeting ( s ) in the morning . please , keep trying and i shall try to call you as well . vince " sheble , g . b . " on 10 / 27 / 2000 09 : 09 : 16 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : fw : opportunities vince since we were not able to connect this morning , would you identify any other time as convenient for you ? should i try monday morning ? thank you gerry                                    gerald b . shebl , professor , electrical and computer engineering director of complex adaptive systems program 1115 coover hall ames , iowa 50011 voice : 515 . 294 . 3046 fax : 515 . 294 . 4263 email : gsheble @ iastate . edu web : http : / / www . ee . iastate . edu / ~ sheble /                                    
2	Subject: re : garp frank , i have reviewed materials from garp but did not find any information about the speaker ' s perks ( like , for example , the right to invite another person , free of charge ) . i shall message garp with this question . please , give me a few more days to think about garp presentation . vince enron north america corp . from : frank hayden @ enron 11 / 27 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : garp vince , i just wanted to follow up and see if i can be your guest at the ny garp meeting . also , have you had any time to think of a topic for january . i would like to get an email out announcing the meeting . let me know your thoughts , thanks , frank 
2	Subject: re : hourly loadshapes for west power bill , these are currently being tested so all transactions will bridge into our downstream systems correctly . i will let you know as soon as they are ready for use . chris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 1 : 34 pm to : hansen , leslie cc : walker , chris subject : re : hourly loadshapes for west power leslie , this looks good to me . thanks for the update . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams , bill sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 9 : 26 am to : williams iii , bill cc : hansen , leslie subject : fw : hourly loadshapes for west power bill - this was meant for you , not me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hansen , leslie sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 9 : 19 am to : walker , chris cc : williams , bill subject : re : hourly loadshapes for west power chris : i made one change to each loadshape to correct the ending hour . otherwise , these are fine . leslie > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : walker , chris sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 10 : 54 am to : hansen , leslie cc : lozano , melba ; meredith , kevin ; cass , robert b . subject : hourly loadshapes for west power leslie , bill williams in portland has requested hourly products on enrononline for the hours ending 12 - 20 . attached is the proposed loadshape language . please let us know if these look ok . thanks , cw 3 - 7533 > 
2	Subject: hot stocks for quick surge us oi | and gas report oil climbs , gains soar we have the leading track record for finding fast moving , low - priced energy piays . look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks : sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 % prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 % like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oil piay is on the fast - track to mi | | ions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the oi | beit . emerson oi | and gas , inc . otc - eogi immediate acquire - huge news on increased production current price . 15 target price . 40 in 10 days oi | prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers which is followed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | piays . widespread gains in energy stocks are infiating the portfoiios of aggressive otc investors . due to recently acquired high - potentia | oil and gas projects , eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production revenue and becoming a cash - fiow positive leader in major oi | - producing states . eogi ' s high - yielding , multiple driliing programs have been soiidified through vaiuable strategic ailiances . these expioration partnerships enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being developed into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on joint - ventures involving we | | re - entry programs in extremely prolific production areas using the highest | eve | of technoiogy currentiy availabie . recent developments for eogi have been perfectly timed as a | | 6 dow jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest leveis of the year , with energy stocks outperforming ail other market sectors . the company ' s oi | and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their deveioping natura | gas welis in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in vaiue with energy prices up 6 o % from one year ago . leading economists and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease is likely next year . we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding production figures on muitiple projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion pians are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that can oniy add to their growing bottom - | ine and spark further interest in this undervaiued oil play . with a very small fioat estimated at | ess than 5 miilion shares , eogi shouid gap sharpiy to the upside on heavy voiume as the value of their current oil deais are reveaied . us oi | and gas report cautions that sma | | and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or all of the investment can be | ost . we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor before making any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting research and due diiigence on the featured company in order to determine an opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment advisor , financial pianning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for saie or soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or sell securities . us oi | and gas report has been given nineteen thousand do | | ars from a third party for the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given compensation there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on future - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties that couid cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in those statements . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 032 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: cleburne / tenaska iv outage - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike mazowita 10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 07 am to : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : ken . riesz @ naes . com subject : cleburne / tenaska iv outage mark , i understand that you need a note for your files regarding the tenaska plant . on saturday , october 14 , 2000 at 5 : 14 am , the plant had a catastrophic failure of the gas turbine . the entire plant is essentially shutdown until these repairs can be made . this outage will last a minimum of 10 days . ken riesz will keep you informed of our progress . i hope this is what you need . let me know . michael mazowita 
2	Subject: new mitrosoft sofftwarre hugely ch . ep ! ! ! llemd hey there , i found this siite you may like . . you can get the lateeest so ft waree ( seriouss , they have everythiin ! ! ) for 80 % off norm priicee pretty damn amaziing , this sitte has saaved me hundrreds of $ $ wiind ( ) ws xp , photosh 0 p , office xp , maccromeddia stuff and hundredds of others . . . shhip straiight to your door frree if you are keen , take a look : http : / / ijhizj . lflefmig . info / ? xatotcxbpv 2 kdxrzckombniw nooo mooree ! ! constitutive birefringent chesterton avert fig ave invigorate hypnotic parenthesis atlas cyprian moneywort crosshatch cecropia edematous coccidiosis concerto ed contaminant indeterminate pam roberts don comptroller gulf raj ancient assyria coliseum codfish anastomosis chink cranberry andrew baklava erasure 
2	Subject: manual wires mary , larry and wes , we just received a faxed copy of the manual wire and same day payment memo which was sent by betty tauzier on 8 / 28 / 00 . rate & currency trades fx which is settled the following day and requires next day payments for fx . currently we are severely hampered because our infomation is required into unify by 2 : 30 for an accounts payable run at 4 : 00 for next day payments . we are still trading after these cut - offs and tying out the day ' s activity with trading . therefore , we currently have to rely on manual wires to make payments to our counterparties on the value date . we need to get timeframes which mirror our business requirements . i would like to get the accounts payable run for our companies , 842 and 967 , moved to after 5 : 00 pm . information is not due to the bank until next day . 8 : 00 am london time . please let laurel and me know what changes can be done to our processing flows . thanks . sheila 
2	Subject: save big on medication ^ _ kckjppkoln hi again , we now have over 80 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , prozac and valium free cial ! s with every order more | nfo here yours sincerely canadlan oniine pharmacy  
2	Subject: reading to children has proven to increase their vocabulary obum * this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate ( tm ) pro * missed all the news this weekend ? were you too busy treating the special moms in your life like the goddesses they are ? well good for you ! now follow the link to see what you may have missed this weekend ! click here to view this important announcement has opened their doors for this awesome offer . just check it out . we send it to you and you may review it for 30 days . no payment upfront and no obligations if you don ' t like it , just send it back and you wont be charged this newsletter is not unsolicited ! the email address has been subscribed and confirmed to our mailing list which means that someone with access to this email account verified the subscription per email . if you would like to stop receiving this newsletter : click here to u n s u b s c r i b e to 48 5 - 13 cl 4 p be transported to the world of middle earth  
2	Subject: legal entity field changes ! regarding the legal entity field in enpower , please ignore the previous email and use the following criteria . enter ena for financial deals . enter epmi for physical deals . kysa m . alport enron north america ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486 ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308 
2	Subject: update on el paso acquisiton of old valero and teco systems el paso closer to acquiring pg & e ' s texas assets el paso energy corp . is closer to acquiring pg & e corp . ' s texas gathering and liquids businesses for about $ 840 million in stock and debt after signing a consent agreement earlier this week . the deal includes 8 , 500 miles of natural gas transmission pipelines that transport about 2 . 8 bcf / d , nine processing plants that process 1 . 5 bcf / d , and a 7 . 2 bcf natural gas storage field . pg & e national energy group bought the properties about three years ago from valero energy and teco for $ 1 . 02 billion , but had been unable to turn a profit . when it purchased the properties , pg & e paid a premium price to enter the west - east gas transportation market . however , since the sale , the basis between waha in west texas and katy and the houston ship channel has tightened and pg & e could not overcome the roadblocks to become a major player . the assets , which also include significant natural gas liquids pipelines and fractionation facilities , serve all of texas ' major metropolitan areas , large industrial load centers and several natural gas trading hubs . the book value before the sale to el paso was estimated to be between $ 2 . 5 billion and $ 2 . 7 billion . before buying pg & e ' s assets , el paso was already an experienced player in the liquids game . when the deal was first announced , el paso said that 70 % of the cash flow generated by the texas assets came from stable fee - based activities with the balance from processing . el paso , which is close to completing a merger with the coastal corp . , expects to actively manage the risk on the non - fee - based side . as part of the normal review process , the consent agreement signed this week is subject to the approval of the federal trade commission . el paso also has to finalize a similar agreement with the state of texas . once the agreements are approved , el paso energy expects to close the transaction in the fourth quarter . - - 
2	Subject: best prices on viagracialislevitra 100 mg viagra . these prices are good for today only ! 30 $ 59 . 99 60 $ 99 . 99 90 $ 139 . 99 wow cant beat those prices anywhere ! 100 mg soft tab viagra . these work much faster ! 30 $ 79 . 99 60 119 . 99 90 169 . 99 we have others like soft cialis , cialis , and levitra for great prices ! today only so get in your order today !  
2	Subject: draft board resolution - project priscilla ( las vegas cogeneration ii , l . l . c . ) fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : dale rasmussen 04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 53 am to : rebecca carter / corp / enron @ enron cc : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , chip schneider / enron @ enronxgate , jonalan page / pdx / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , jim gilbert / pdx / ect @ ect subject : draft board resolution - project priscilla ( las vegas cogeneration ii , l . l . c . ) proposed board resolutions for the approval of the development of the las vegas cogeneration ii , l . l . c . project , a 224 mw generation facility in las vegas nevada , are attached for your review . please let me know of any comments you may have or if there is anything more i can do to help in advance of submission to the board . thanks . 
2	Subject: mary poorman interview schedule & resume please be advised that the interview for mary poorman , to be held today will be in room 3671 . the schedule is as follows : pat clynes 2 : 30 lauri allen 3 : 00 gary hanks 3 : 30 daren farmer 4 : 00 
2	Subject: urgent , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 3 / 5 rider haggard close , jo , borg south africa . tel no : 871 762 6044 95 francisoj @ emailpinoy . com { urgent and confidential ) ( re : transfer of ( $ 52 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) fifty two million dollars dear sir , we want to transfer to overseas ( $ 52 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) fifty two million united statesdollars ) from a bank in africa , i want to ask you to quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this money , even an empty a / c can serve to receive this money , as long as you will remain honest to me till the end for this important business trusting in you and believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in future . i am mr francis joseph the auditor general of a bank in africa , during the course of our auditing , i discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1990 and since 1993 nobody has operated on this account again , after going through some old files in the records i discovered that the owner of the account died without a [ heir ] hence the money is floating and if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account is mr . arthur coleman , a foreigner , and an industrialist , who died since 1993 and no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that arthur coleman until his death was the manager of coleman coy . ( pty ) . sa . we will start the first transfer with two six million [ $ 26 , 000 . 000 ] upon successful transaction without any disappointment from your side , we shall re - apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your account . the amount involved is ( usd 52 m ) fifty two million united states dollars only . i want to first transfer $ 26 , 000 . 000 [ two six million united states dollars from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad before the rest , but i don ' t know any foreigner , i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local person here , without valid international foreign passport , but can only be approved to a foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign a / c because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the a / c mr . arthur coleman is a foreigner too , [ and the money can only be approved into a foreign a / c . however , we will sign a binding agreement , to bind us together . i got your contact address from my secretary who operates computer . i am revealing this to you with believe in god that you will never let me down in this business , you are the first and the only person that i am contacting for this business , so please reply urgently so that i will inform you on the next step to take urgently . send also your private telephone and fax numbers including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . i want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any account of your choice where the fund will be safe before we fly to your country for withdrawal , sharing and investments . i need your full co - operation to make this work fine because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you , upon your positive response and once i am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with instructions of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business . i need your strong assurance that you will never , never let me down . with my influence and the position of the bank official , we can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your country for sharing . the bank official will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place and to build onfidence you can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after which i will make this remittance in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two days ahead of the money going into the account . i will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately i hear from you that you are ready to act and receive this fund in your account . i will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries and foreign exchange departments . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transfering . i look forward to your earliest reply : francisoj @ emailpinoy . com yours , francis joseph use o melhor sistema de busca da internet radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br  
2	Subject: meter 1601 daren - meter 1601 has flow from 11 / 8 - 11 / 10 . there is no deal for these days . last deal used was for oct . - 413538 , counterparty southern union . will you let me know if you set a deal up for this ? thanks . aimee 
2	Subject: for your information how have you been ? i have very exciting news ! we finally were able to save an extra $ 450 a month . we reflnanced our mortgage with a 3 . 75 % lower rate , and closing was fast ! the application was free and we got several low rate quotes within days ciick on this link and check it out ! time to save . if you prefer to be left out of this amazing offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: please read barrister ladi lawal igho aziza law firm attorneys / legal practitioners nigeria good day to you . compliments of the season . grace and peace and love from this part of the atlantic to you . i hope my letter does not cause you too much embarrassment as i write to you in good faith based on the contact address given to me by a friend who works at the nigerian embassy in your country . please excuse my intrusion into your private life . i am ladi lawal , i represent mohammed abacha , son of the late gen . sani abacha , who was the former military head of state in nigeria . he died in 1998 . since his death , the family has been losing a lot of money due to vindictive government officials who are bent on dealing with the family . based on this therefore , the family has asked me to seek for a foreign partner who can work with us as to move out the total sum of us $ 75 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( seventy five million united states dollars ) , presently in their possession . this money was of course , acquired by the late president and is now kept secretly by the family . the swiss government has already frozen all the accounts of the family in switzerland , and some other countries would soon follow to do the same . this bid by some government officials to deal with this family has made it necessary that we seek your assisitance in receiving this money and in investing it on behalf of the family . this must be a joint venture transaction and we must all work together . since this money is still cash , extra security measures have been taken to protect it from theft or seizure , pending when agreement is reached on when and how to move it into any of your nominated bank accounts . i have personally worked out all modalities for the peaceful conclusion of this transaction . the transaction definitely would be handled in phases and the first phase will involve the moving of us $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty five million united states dollars ) . my clients are willing to give you a reasonable percentage of this money as soon as the transaction is concluded . i will , however , based on the grounds that you are willing to work with us and also all contentious issues discussed before the commencement of this transaction . you may also discuss your percentage before we start to work . as soon as i hear from you , i will give you all necessary details as to how we intend to carry out the whole transaction . please , do not entertain any fears , as all necessary modalities are in place , and i assure you of all success and safety in this transaction . please , this transaction requires absolute confidentiality and you would be expected to treat it as such until the funds are moved out of this country . please , you will also ignore this letter and respect our trust in you by not exposing this transaction , even if you are not interested . i look forward to working with you . thank you . truly yours , ladi lawal esq 
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron research group hi ramaswamy : thank you for responding so promptly . i have scheduled the telephone interview for monday , march 19 th from 10 : 30 - 11 : 30 am ( central time ) . please let me know if this is not convenient . they will call you at ( 773 ) 324 - 5077 . sincerely , shirley crenshaw " ramaswamy garimella " on 03 / 05 / 2001 09 : 27 : 26 pm to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : ramaswamy _ garimella @ hotmail . com subject : re : telephone interview with the enron research group hi shirley , thanks for providing me an opportunity to interview with enron research group . i have final exams in the next week till march 15 . so , any date from march 19 onwards will be convenient to me . my phone number is ( 773 ) 324 - 5077 . any time after 10 a . m will be fine with me . please let me know the date and time that will be convenient to vince kaminski ' s group . thank you very much . best regards , ramaswamy garimella . - - - - original message follows - - - - from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com to : ramaswamy _ garimella @ hotmail . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , stinson . gibner @ enron . com , vasant . shanbhogue @ enron . com , tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com subject : telephone interview with the enron research group date : mon , 5 mar 2001 14 : 38 : 18 - 0600 mime - version : 1 . 0 received : from [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ] by hotmail . com ( 3 . 2 ) with esmtp id mhotmailbc 6 d 45780030 d 82197 daco 988 co 99 a 960 ; mon mar 05 12 : 43 : 36 2001 received : from mailman . enron . com ( mailman . enron . com [ 192 . 168 . 189 . 66 ] ) by postmaster . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / postmaster - 1 . 00 ) with esmtp id uaal 0526 for ; mon , 5 mar 2001 20 : 43 : 35 gmt received : from nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( [ 172 . 28 . 10 . 38 ] ) by mailman . enron . com ( 8 . 10 . 1 / 8 . 10 . 1 / corp - 1 . 05 ) with esmtp id f 25 khzal 4665 for ; mon , 5 mar 2001 14 : 43 : 35 - 0600 ( cst ) received : from ene - mtaol . enron . com ( unverified ) by nahou - msmswo 2 px . corp . enron . com ( content technologies smtprs 4 . 1 . 5 ) with esmtp id for ; mon , 5 mar 2001 14 : 43 : 41 - 0600 
2	Subject: re : prc feedback forms gina , i shall be glad to speak with you . shirley crenshaw will call you to set up a meeting . vince from : gina corteselli / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : prc feedback forms mr . kaminski : i would like to try to get on your schedule for a few moments this week to discuss the draft prc 360 evaluation forms ( provided below for your info ) to ensure that the criteria and skills and behaviors we have used are adequate for your employee population . the generic forms that were presented at the prc committee meeting a week ago may best reflect commercial employees , and to some extent commercial support employees , and may not be entirely appropriate for employees in some of the specialized technical and technical areas . i would appreciate your input on this so that , if possible and time permitting , we can try to tailor the form to suit needs across the organization . one simple solution may be to add a skills / behaviors block requesting evaluation and feedback on the employees specific job and performance , another solution would be to add job specific behaviors and descriptors to the list of those already developed ( second attachment below ) . i would welcome your thoughts and a few moments of your time to chat with you about this . many thanks , gina corteselli global performance management 713 853 - 3377 713 569 - 5589 ( mobile ) 
2	Subject: get the rollax you ' ve dreamt of now ! benchmark hello . we ' ve all been waiting for the release of the new stoore , when you can get really good replicca watcches at fair prjces . http : / / beret . glfts . org / r / erika / alumnae our main motto is why not to give you the stuff you need if we can do it ? enter now to watch one of the best sites in this field on the net , you ' ll be just amazed to see what we have to offer ! http : / / beret . glfts . org / r / erika / alumnae take me now http : / / beret . glfts . org / t . php - nah copy bantus caprice carib acquitting brickbat bryophyte . clash bebop cue . bicentennial cesare assam brock . cyprus complementation carrara abreast acknowledgeable clark . absolute bernard criterion bayport artisan . bricklaying catastrophe bogus . chameleon amply cavemen alcott almagest cahill . catalina brunhilde actuarial commando centrist . admissible camp begotten bluefish . badinage blasphemous concise bicentennial . caller collet contraband . ahoy brumidi among abbey cereus cicada . astronomy botch bread . bug adrenal backside beginning . applause ambassador conservator convergent chalky . bellatrix broomcorn arc avogadro apostle caloric . cyclone barrier birmingham bulblet clockwise .  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron that will be a great talk shmuel s . oren , professor dept . of industrial engineering and operations research 4117 etcheverry hall university of california berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : ; sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 01 pm subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > shmuel , > > the date of our trip to berkeley has been set . it will be october 16 th and > 17 th > ( monday and tuesday ) . > > i shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets > ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation difficulties , > enron ' s role > in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity ) . > > please , let me know if this topic would be of interest to you . if this is > the > case , i shall follow with a title and an abstract . > > by the way , are you free for dinner on monday ? > > vince > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 59 : 38 am > > to : " vince j kaminski " > cc : > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > great . our seminars are 3 : 30 to 5 pm . if it works for you please send me a > title and abstract . > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > shmuel s . oren , professor > dept . of industrial engineering > and operations research > 4117 etcheverry hall > university of california > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " vince j kaminski " > to : " shmuel oren " > cc : " vince j kaminski " ; " ashley baxter " > > sent : thursday , august 24 , 2000 9 : 58 am > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter , > > to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd > > if this date works for the rest of our team . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am > > > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > > cc : > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > dear vince . > > i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about > the > > date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can > > schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a > seminar > > which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and > will > > give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient > > lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their > financial > > engineering students . > > shmuel . > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > shmuel s . oren , professor > > dept . of industrial engineering > > and operations research > > 4117 etcheverry hall > > university of california > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > from : > > to : ; ; > > > > sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am > > subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > > > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a > > > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among > > > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical > > > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you > a > > > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague , > > > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me > > > as well . > > > > > > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate > > > program . > > > > > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > > > vincent kaminski > > > managing director - research > > > enron corp . > > > 1400 smith street > > > room ebl 962 > > > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > > > > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 > > > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 > > > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: banned cd ! banned cd ! i have been receiving emails saying that i ' m contributing to the " moral decay of society " by selling the banned cd . that may be , but i feel strongly that you have a right to benefit from this hard - to - find information . so i am giving you one last chance to order the banned cd ! with this powerful cd , you will be able to investigate your friends , enemies and lovers in just minutes using the internet . you can track down old flames from college , or you can dig up some dirt on your boss to make sure you get that next promotion ! or maybe you want a fake diploma to hang on your bedroom wall . you ' ll find addresses for companies that make these diplomas on the banned cd . need to disappear fast and never look back ? no problem ! using the banned cd , you will learn how to build a completely new identity . obviously , the powers that be don ' t want you to have the banned cd . they have threatened me with lawsuits , fines , and even imprisonment unless i stop selling it immediately . but i feel that you have a constitutional right to access this type of information , and i can ' t be intimidated . uncle sam and your creditors are horrified that i am still selling this product ! there must be a price on my head ! why are they so upset ? because this cd gives you freedom . and you can ' t buy freedom at your local walmart . you will have the freedom to avoid creditors , judgments , lawsuits , irs tax collectors , criminal indictments , your greedy ex - wife or ex - husband , and much more ! please click the url for the detail ! { % rand % } you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want to send our mailings to anyone who does not wish to receive them . if you do not wish to receive any further messages from netcommission . to be removed from our list ,  
2	Subject: is his son still in pain stop hurting ! vicodln - pain relief ! order enough this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this messagelogin name : dnmtcnrpassword : rzorrc 885 t - home directory : the location of the home directory varies by platform . windows 98 ( single - user ) : c : \ windowswindows 98 ( multi - user ) : c : \ windows \ profileswindows 2000 / xp : c : \ documents and settings - - - - - begin block - - - - - f % d 5 % cdu % c 2 % 058 % e 5 % 9 a % d 5 % 7 d % 85 jj % e 3 % df % d 7 o % cl % 1 f % 60 % ea % fo % b 2 p % 87 s % 22 % f 8 % el % 96 % 29 % cad 2 % 95 % b % f 8 % 97 % 2 c % 9 co % 2 f % 85 % ff % bd % 3 b % bd % 5 cd % e 8 % fe % c 2 o % 879 c % f 3 % do % c 2 % 1 d % 98 % 28 % 22 % be % fo % b 7 % 3 c % dfbe % f 8 % 90 % c 9 % 0 b % dl % 01 i % eo % d 3 % ac 6 % 8 e % 21 % 0 b % bd % be % ced % edlm % al % a 7 % e 43 % 92 l % 22 % a 9 % 91 % 90 v % c 2 % 0 fo % ab % 8 c % 9 d % 2 f % 98 % 01 q % e 9 % d 9 % do % 09 % ca % 18 % 3 d % d 4 % cc % cch % a 7 a % 5 e % b 7 % 9 a % ae % 13 % c 3 % 2 fu % ce % fa % ae % 7 b % clc % 10 % ba % e 9 % 9 ab % a 9 % 18 % 1 f % 93 % ab % fcm % a 4 eg % d 5 % e 7 % b 6 w % e 9 % 0 d % 0 c % e 5 % f 6 % 9 ad % f 4 v % 10 % f 7 % 8 e % 9 d % 0 d % ea % 1 fs % 99 % e 5 % flz % feop % da % 94 % eo 5 % doue % bb % df % d 7 % 0 d % 95 % 1 d % 27 % 82 % 8 e % aa % 04 % 8 a 5 % 3 e % cc % d 8 % f 4 % 11 % e 9 % 24 d % bo % b 7 % aed % bb % 7 e % 15 % e 3 % c 7 % 9 c % 22 % cejf % d 6 % 84 % 98 i % a 9 % 09 w % 84 % a 7 % aa - - - - - end block - - - - - whitney xiongbutcher tonira pharma limited , baroda , gujarat , india                         mclean co cdw office th district muhlenberg county courthouse annex e . main cross po box th & main greenville ky mclean phone : 892 - 123 - 1232 mobile : 519 - 951 - 2171 email : royfrwwm @ post . cz                         
2	Subject: mr . elliot has $ 724 , 162 waiting for you greetings , we are accepting your mortgage application . you have bad credit ? no problem at all ! you can get a loan of $ 500 , 000 with a small monthly payment . approval procedure will only take less than 2 minutes . just visit the link below and fill out the quick and easy form . http : / / www . dfgsgs . info : 443 / acwcwso thank you for your time , best regards , rex hastings general manager 
2	Subject: poten & partners forecasts fyi marg . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 01 / 21 / 2000 07 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - doug leach @ ect 01 / 21 / 2000 07 : 00 am to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron cc : margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron , rob bradley / corp / enron @ enron , jim goughary / hou / ect @ ect , ted robinson / hou / ect @ ect , wade doshier / hou / ect @ ect , david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect subject : poten & partners fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 01 / 21 / 2000 06 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - doug leach 01 / 20 / 2000 03 : 47 pm to : michael l brown / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : david a terlip / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kevin beasley / lon / ect @ ect , john chismar / sin / ect @ ect , michel decnop / sin / ect @ ect , maurizio la noce / enron _ development @ enron _ development , marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect subject : poten & partners just some of george gail ' s observations : he expects wti crude prices to return to a range of $ 19 - $ 22 / barrel by 2 q 2000 ( brent $ 18 - $ 20 ) although emotions rather than fundamentals will continue to drive the market . saudi ' s sold cal 00 naphtha at $ 8 m / t over the platt ' s ag mean and the kuwaiti ' s are offer their naphtha at $ 11 m / t over the mean . enoc offered 700 , 000 tons of term naphtha and only sold 200 , 000 tons . adnoc ' s splitters should add even more naphtha supplies to the market . koch has closed their rotterdam splitter due to poor economics . not necessarily a permanent shutdown . he expects the brent / dubai spread to return to more normal $ 1 - $ 1 . 25 / barrel . regarding condensate he predicts that actual demand will drive the market and there will be less bottomfeeding by the japanese and other refiners . he does feel the new splitters will reduce the worldwide volumes available , but that there will still be adequate supplies . he thinks crack spreads for refiners will still be weak during cal 00 . although some resid demand will be displaced by natural gas or lng , he expects fairly stable differentials to crude . he expects strong us gasoline demand , but limits his demand growth projection to 1 % for the year . 
2	Subject: premium online drvgs here snip mesquite trail eucre locate your prescription immediately ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now cognizant local liquidate skin beauregard plenum  
2	Subject: is this fri feb 11 a problem for taking vacation ?  
2	Subject: all un - secured debt . . . gone say goodbye to your card payments . late notices and collection calls will be ended . no harm is done to your financial history . to learn more press to stop receiving or not send to postal center slot 1200 b , or anje stad , a ruba president , was the answer ; but an american boy , you must rememberthat makes a big difference , i assure you the president bowed gravely this is your invention ? he asked no ; i ' m hardly equal to thatbut the inventor has made me a present of the record , and it ' s the only one in the world it is a marvel , remarked the president , thoughtfullymore ! it is a real miracle we are living in an age of wonders , my young friend  
2	Subject: dodie wall street news uacp skylark sat , 18 dec 2004 05 : 41 : 37 - 0600 before we continue - very important - it is expected that uacp will have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it monday morning a huge fax campaign will begin monday evening to over 4 . 5 million investors . jump on board while this stock is below $ 1 because from monday evening until friday it will be very heavily promoted . symbol : uacp current price : 0 . 37 10 days target price : 1 . 25 3 months target price : 1 . 66 breaking news : uauthorize corp . announces upgrades in web cam watcher software    uacp   currently trading at . 30 and is headed to 1 . 25 you do not want to miss this deal . the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . ( 853 xllwj 8 please note : our picks normally generate 200 to 400 % grow with our promotions this one is expected to be our highest one this year , this week coming up so don ' t miss out on the possibility of explosive growth this week coming up . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . this newsletter was paid 35500 from third party to send this report . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . opportunity lacquer lisp 
2	Subject: re : erequest 3991 thanks ! vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 10 / 2000 05 : 06 pm to : jameika smikle / corp / enron @ enron cc : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : erequest 3991 aproved in both cases . vince kaminski from : jameika smikle @ enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 19 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : erequest 3991 peter makkai is also requesting this access . - - - - - forwarded by jameika smikle / corp / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 19 pm - - - - - jameika smikle 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 16 pm to : vince kaminski cc : subject : erequest 3991 stpehen bennett is requesting read / write access to o : \ research please advise . jameika irm 
2	Subject: re : invoice for energy derivatives courses i already did - you signed it this morning . thanks ! vince j kaminski 03 / 29 / 2000 12 : 33 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : invoice for energy derivatives courses shirley , please , pay . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000 12 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lacima @ compuserve . com > on 03 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 43 pm to : shirley cc : vince subject : invoice for energy derivatives courses shirley , please find attached the invoice for the energy derivatives courses . if i should forward this to someone in accounts , please let me know who i should contact and i will take care of it . thanks , julie lacima consultants - enron 28 _ 03 _ 00 . doc 
2	Subject: re : fyi this will be our concluding notice we have tried to make contact with you on many instances and now is the time to respond ! your present loan situation makes you eligible for you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate . however , seeing as our previous attempts to make contact with you did not succeed , this will be our last attempt to close for you the lower rate . please conclude this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now . submission here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: you can stay rock hard , longer ( please wait for above image to load ) don ' t overpay for the same results ! limited time only - we ' ll double your order for free . click here for more details ! 
2	Subject: wellesley team meeting minutes i would like to thank everyone for participating in the first wellesley team meeting . i regret the delay in processing the minutes . the career placement center has been really busy and i needed to contact them to get some of the questions answered from the meeting . for those of you who were unable to attend , i have listed the topics of discussion : goals for wellesley - hiring goal of 4 ( not limited to ) analyst program changes - structure ( team leaders ) , developmental program , 2 day interview process interview training workshop - everyone that will be interviewing is required to attend a 2 hour session roles and responsibilities - role of team members , participation is tracked for prc recognition . wellesley campus plan - we discussed the presentation time being pushed back . i was able to get it pushed back to 5 : 00 o ' clock at the latest . there are other companies scheduled to present on that date and that was the latest time we coud get . there will be no class conflicts on that date ( september 28 , 2000 ) . we discussed the attire for the presentation being casual ( jeans ) . that concept was proposed to the career placement center assistant ( bernice tita ) and she said that casual attire will be well received . we would need to just indicate it when we publicize the event . - we discussed changing the interview dates due to scheduling conflicts . the dates that we were able to get were november 20 th and 21 st . - we discussed possible recruiting at neighboring schools ( smith & mt . holy oke ) - we discussed taking the company jet to some or all the events , especially when we will be involving recruiting efforts at the neighboring schools . target groups - economic student board association , all majors i have forwarded the wellesley recruiting guide to those of you who were unable to attend . if you have not received it by now , please contact me and i will get one to you a . s . a . p . i have meetings scheduled with jean mrha and cindy olson to work on the participants for the events and afterwards i will get the revised campus plan to the team . if you have any questions regarding the contents of this e - mail or other wellesley recruiting questions , feel free to contact me at any time . thanks , geynille thanks a million , geynille 
2	Subject: important el paso phone change - please read beware - effective today , we will be taking over both - not just the standard one - phone lines for el paso during off peak hours and on weekends . this means we ' ll get calls that would previously have been directed to roger and steve ' s cell phones . all calls will still ring in on the el paso line . please read the e - mail in lotus notes titled " epe marketing availability " for details . and let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: confidence is back hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look into vlagrra softtabs . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil did nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does ithe first of these was that he should have been brought to trial att very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - bobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmacybymail shop . http : / / partied . net / cs / ? aa rockky 
2	Subject: six , sexy , slimming flavors . qqqay green tea is one of the worlds best antioxidents . visit here . tpkewlbsbpbs 
2	Subject: re : research leads hello team 1 , i spoke with larry gagliardi on the crude / refinery products desk this morning and he agreed to talk with you after 12 : 30 today or after 2 : 30 any other weekday . he is very familiar with the other platforms and should be a great resource . larry suggested that you surf eol to find names of power and / or natural gas traders , and call them up . please let me know if you have difficulty finding / contacting folks this way and i will see if i can help . larry ' s office number is 713 - 853 - 0543 , and his email is larry . gagliardi @ enron . com . good luck ken 
2	Subject: enron , start your engines . the xcelerator is here ! read about the enron xcelerator in ebiz . also in this issue : an update on dabhol power company northern border partners & global strategic sourcing team up online enron ' s latest accolades it ' s all in the latest ebiz . go to home . enron . com , click publications , then click ebiz , and " ebiz february 16 , 2001 . " 
2	Subject: real estate issues re : ubsw energy , llc in houston hello pat , louise , dave the ubsw real estate department is reviewing the current / future lease terms for ubsw energy llc , in houston . according to brian dugan , our lead real estate guy on the bank side , the building owner has offered a nine month lease to stay in the south tower on the 5 th and 6 th floors . after the nine months we will be offered the option to sign up for an additional 18 months but we could be moved down to floors 3 and 4 . is this a significant issue ? i understand that the 3 rd and 4 th floor foot prints are similar to 5 / 6 . if ubsw energy is willing to relocate to the north tower , they can get a lease for 5 - 9 years but this tower may be less suitable . what are the issues here ? the integration real estate team plans to meet this afternoon with the bank ' s outside legal firm we use for real estate issues . we have a target date of this friday to try to resolve all real estate issues in order to meet the day 0 legal integration date of 2 / 6 / 02 . your thoughts please . mark visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: unify please provide bob superty with a list of pipelines whom were late or had nomiation issues as a result of this mornings unify problems . 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstandlng website wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wili automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 85 % lower ) . corporation swooping why forest dog feel book such . sing , warm complete horse . care part from six , die . fraction stand now first cry . came term no friend such . found correct behind land wave indicate . those has take earth search . sky let lay minute silent . dry center just .  
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , myrtice melendez 
2	Subject: changes in option valuation in enpower - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 08 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : harry arora / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 07 : 26 am to : sanjay gupta / enron @ enronxgate , steve nat / enron @ enronxgate cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect subject : changes in option valuation in enpower sanjay wanted to confirm the changes to the option valuations in the enpower we discussed yesterday evening . 1 . currently the trader volatility inputs are the daily vol curve and the intra - monthly vol curve . the monthly options get marked directly to the monthly curve ( plus the smile ) and the monthlies get marked to a time blend of monthly and intra - month vol ( plus the skew ) . we want to change the valuation ( for the eastern books ) so that the dailies get marked to the intramonth curve ( which we want to call the daily curve ) and the monthly gets marked to the monthly curved . there will be not vol blending done by the enpower system for the daily and monthly option valuations . we want to make this change very soon ( by early next week ) 2 . currently there exists one smile for every region , which is specified in terms of volatility additive for specified dollar difference from the underlying . since different months in a region can trade in a large range ( $ 35 - $ 150 ) - this cannot result in accurate skew for all terms . what we need is a system which has skew per month . we suggest , for the short term , the skew should apply only to the summer daily expiration options . we need to make this change by early next week . however , we need to start modifing the system so that for every region we can enter a grid which has a percentage scale and specifies the skew differently for each month . research , has implemented this in our pricing model , and we would like this grid to be input into the valuation system . i am enclosing the pricing model ( which we both discussed yesterday ) for reference . this model is however , work under construction , so pls call alex huang for clarifications . 3 . the vol input system is complex and confusing . i would very much be interested in moving to a direct database interface , which accomodates the skew inputs per region as in . we should implement a ui which can input the dailies and monthlies at the moneys and the skew grid directly - so that we do not need to go through multiple iterations . i am very much interested in what we currently are releasing in delphi and would love an early implementation for options . on all these issues , i am speaking for the east desk . i am going to touch base with west guys and see if they are on board with these changes . thanks harry 
2	Subject: i am your new pharmacist 7 o % discount medlcations no prescription needed at all ! we loo % assured no need prescription http : / / 0 rderdrugs . com / ? blingsoft - 24 / 7 support - live support for easy problem solving or questions - order dispatch tracking - package tracking - re - order discounts ( saavve up to 100 bucks per ordered product ) - personalized area to the site - we remember what you order , for eaze of re - ordering - 100 % satisfaction guarantee - cheeap medication ! - and much , much more . . . . http : / / 0 rderdrugs . com / ? blingsoft  
2	Subject: re : mit offers karen , the total of 5 offers . i sent you 2 cvs electronically , 2 hard copies to charlene . paulo ' s resume will follow . vince karen marshall 02 / 22 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , ginger b gamble / hou / ect @ ect , celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect subject : mit offers vince , do you want 3 offers extended or 5 ? i just noticed that you plan to fax two additional resumes . if so , when can i expect the additional resumes ? karen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen marshall / hou / ect on 02 / 22 / 2000 03 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - karen marshall 02 / 22 / 2000 03 : 37 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , ginger b gamble / hou / ect @ ect , celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect subject : mit offers vince , i will handle the offer letters for the candidates . i have the resumes for darten williams and sevil yaman . i know you only provided the e - mail memo for paulo rocha , but i really need his resume in order to capture the necessary information for his offer letter . please have him e - mail it to me at karen . marshall @ enron . com thanks , karen marshall recruiting manager 
2	Subject: panda antivirus platinum 7 . 0 @ $ 7 . 95 panda antivirus platinum 7 . 0 $ 7 . 95 panda antivirus is an innovative security solution that adapts perfectly to the needs of today ' s small businesses , protecting your information from viruses and hackers with a single product . panda antivirus includes a series of additional security features , including a firewall and script blocker , this new solution ensures complete protection against viruses , hackers and other internet - borne threats . * minimum quantuties apply visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: 980432 daren , can you please see if you can roll deal 156657 for day 1 for april ? this deal expired 3 / 2000 . there was no new deal # referenced nor was the evergreen flag applied . this meter flowed 556 mmbtu ' s on april 1 , 2000 . thanks - jackie - 3 - 94987 
2	Subject: due diligence team - cogentrix louise : i do not have the names from bob virgo ' s area that will be in attendance , but the following should encompass everyone else that i am currently aware of : stuart zisman - asset marketing sonya gasdia - rac rick bittner - rac bob frank - regulatory kim melodick - hr ying liu - finance dan castagnola - finance jeff blumenthal - tax nancy corbet - legal rick whitaker - east power charlie vetters - east power john lang - east power victor munoz - east power dave duran - east power i imagine a couple of people will go from virgo ' s team for a grand total of sixteen . i understand this group represents a large commitment of time and resources prior to making the business case to you on anything other than a superficial basis . i am trying to position us so that by the end of next week we should be able to determine if a commercial fatal flaw exists while still keeping us in the game if we like what we see especially given the tight time frame associated with the final bid ( end of the first week of november ) . if you have any additional questions or concerns , please call me at your earliest convenience . 
2	Subject: matching profile # 480 - 94388 4 cheating - wives have been matched for you in your area : 1 ) jessica , 120 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 36 c , 10 miles away , available dec 18 - 22 nd 2 ) laura , 127 lbs , 5 ' 8 , 36 d , 8 miles away , available dec 18 - 23 rd 3 ) tabatha , 117 lbs , 5 ' 6 , 34 b , 19 miles away , available most nights ( husband works midnights ) 4 ) sandra , 134 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 36 c , 21 miles away , available most week nights ( looking for side - fling ) all 4 women are waiting to speak with you live & have photos . webcam ' s are available for all 4 . if you have found a lady or not to be paired up then continue . http : / / pottyground . com / out / 
2	Subject: new hr contacts - post headcount reduction in case there is any confusion who is your hr contact following the last 2 days headcount reductions , attached is a updated listing . i anticipate we will make further reductions in hr headcount in line with the wind down of operations but will obviously notify you of these ahead of time . the asset team under stan is not listed attached as it remains largely unchanged . the people listed attached will be lead by robert jones , vp of hr . robert , mary joyce and myself have set up central specialist hr support teams ( not listed attached ) based on the 16 th floor of the old building to ensure that you and your hr leads have the resources and services they need to provide the necessary hr services for ongoing operations . please call robert , mary or me with any questions . david 
2	Subject: investors need to know cortez , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocalscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revoiutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , oniine software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with gioba | reach , is receiving internationa | attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication soiutions , inciuding the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , cal | centers , itsps and service providers . vocalscape has created software and interactive soiutions revolving around globa | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocaiscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocaiscape ' s soiutions , businesses can offer a quaiity voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantiy lower than current long distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and se | | , insta | | and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions . vocalscape is committed to making great technology ; challenging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the | egal notes before you do anything eise : information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information availabie about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in coliection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business pian , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiabie , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of eight thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil seil at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
