2	Subject: re : mscf speaker series pierre - philippe , i was under the impression the presentation will be at 3 : 30 . 11 : 30 is fine with me but want to confirm it . vince " pierre - philippe ste - marie " on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 22 : 36 am to : , , , , , , " pierre - philippe ste - marie " , , " punit rawal " , , , , , , , , , , , , , , cc : subject : mscf speaker series mscf speaker series official invitation ? ? it is with great pleasure and some amount of pride that i announce the next event in the speaker series . next friday we will have the honor to host a conference given by mr . vince kaminski head of research at enron corp . ? ? the ? sixth event is ? next friday ( nov 3 rd ) ! ? from : 11 . 30 - 13 . 30 please attend ! ! ! the next event in the student speaker series is : friday , november 3 , 2000 11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . fast lab [ image ] vince kaminski enron corp . tentative student speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001 the following is a tentative schedule of the mscf student speaker series for the 2000 - 2001 academic year . all events take place from 11 : 30 a . m . to 12 : 30 p . m . in the fast lab ( gsia 229 ) unless otherwise noted . updates are soon to follow . volatility curve and bond basis august 11 , 2000 david hartney & jerry hanweck vice president , futures and option sales j . p . morgan price and hedging volatility contracts september 1 , 2000 dmitry pugachevsky deutsche bank dmitry pugachesky is a director with otc derivatives research of deutsche bank , where his research is primarily focussed on credit derivatives . prior to joining deutsche bank , dmitry worked for six years with global analytics group of bankers trust . there he developed models for emerging markets , interest rates , and equity derivatives and also participated in actual trading and structuring of interest rate options . he received his phd in applied mathematics from carnegie mellon university specializing in control theory for stochastic processes . he has published several papers on modelling in emerging markets and on valuation for passport options . a measurement framework for bank liquidity risk september 15 , 2000 raymond cote vice president , finrad inc . raymond cote is vice president , financial engineering at finrad inc . , a montreal - based consulting firm offering financial management solutions that combine advisory and systems development services to & corporations and financial institutions . abstract : liquidity risk , as opposed to credit and market risks , has received little attention in professional or academic journals . we argue that analyzing bank liquidity risk can be viewed as a variation of credit risk analysis . after introducing some concepts and definitions , the presentation defines a framework allowing to measure a bank ' s structural liquidity risk . it then shows that combining the framework with modern credit risk measurement tools leads to a liquidity risk var measure . the presentation then offers concluding comments on the integration of the liquidity risk measurement framework within enterprise - wide risk management . the impact of electronic trading on the uses of quantitative research in equity options september 22 , 2000 scott morris hull group , quantitative research department quantitative research in investment management october 6 , 2000 raman srivastava & anna bulkovshteyn assistant vice president , & fixed income , quantitative analysts , putman investments [ image ] tba november 3 , 2000 vince kaminski enron corp . fund management and market efficiency november 10 , 2000 andrea dalton researcher , friess associates ( advisor to the brandywine funds ) . tba november 17 , 2000 jeff keifer & deb aep tutorial on bridge november 24 , 2000 pierre ste - marie & punit rawal mscf students a corporate risk management framework december 8 , 2000 darin aprati & brian moore mcdonald ' s [ image ] math speaker series schedule 2000 - 2001 [ image ] speaker series student committee [ image ] previous speakers ? pierre - philippe ste - marie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ image ] http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com 
2	Subject: great x - mass gift travel news > > an amazing 5 - night florida vacation package it ' s true ! you can go on a fabulous cruise where all your meals and activities are included , where your destination is the beautiful nassau island in the bahamas , a place that will take your breath away . you ' ll stay 3 glorious days in the sun in the grand bahama island before leaving on a romantic moonlit cruise back to florida . you ' ll then have 4 fun days to spend in magical orlando , the home of universal studios , an enchanted place you ' ll also recieve a 2 , 2 day free pass ' s into . plus 3 days and 2 nights in ft lauderdale florida home of the worlds most beutiful beaches wow ! ok what ' s the catch ? not a one . . . except space is limited and will be booked on a first come first serve basis . the cruise lines and hotels do not want any empty space . they would rather practically give the rooms away in hopes that you ' ll spend time and money in the casino or some of the many gift shops . even if you don ' t know a travel date now , you can book any time in the next 18 months with 60 days notice . they don ' t expect this drop in tourism to last forever so take advantage now while you can . at this price , you can take the kids or treat your mom and dad or do a mother daughter thing or take a second honeymoon . with the actual vacation costs so low , you ' ll be able to do the things you ' ve always wanted to on vacation . to learn more about this memory making limited offer . the information is free with no obligation . must be at least 23 years of age to participate ! http : / / www . econsumerdeals . com sincerely , tony johns paliourg if you don ' t want this type of email please go to : http : / / www . econsumerdeals . com / vno . html terms and conditions : to receive this discounted vacation offer , it is required that while on vacation you spend part of a morning or after noon taking a tour of our developer ' s beautiful resort to view the benefits of vacation ownership . transportation , meals , hotel taxes and gratuities are traveler ' s responsibility . one offer per household . must submit reservation 60 days prior to desired travel date . offer valid in us and canada . must be a major credit card holder at least 21 years of age . .  
2	Subject: bigger breast just from a pill image is loading . cli ; k here for more info i was then shipped off to a store . after about a week , a man bought me . as they sent me through rollers i fell asleep , expecting never to awaken . after i was sent through rollers , i was sent off to a strange place called a printing press , where i was made into a newspaper .  
2	Subject: it is the reason you choose e - shopping for quality taablets . customers can rely on our e - shoppe for quick and easy rxdrugs supply . it is our quick and professional distribution services that bring you total convenience . select our store for leading rxdrugs on pain , erectile muscle dysfunction , stress , man ' s care , sleeping disorder , obesity and other disorders . require quality taablets at reduced prices ? check our present specials . http : / / al . vdq . meettheagreeables . com / ge / at first , i was not so sure whether eshopping for medicines would suit me . these were definitely less costly to me and i just had to try . the fact is , it works great for me . i got them the other day . thank you for your timely services . - - josh d . in il ' quite as comfortable a by the airs and interference of such a person , or of any person i may say ? . i think , if he had wanted to see us . you may do as you like , s we can expect a young mother to be , under these me . lancholy dom no , i have no idea of being so easily persuaded . when i have estic circumstance 1 s . there cannot be any objection 7 to your seeing her pr esently , ma ' am . it may 
2	Subject: rfp dated june 25 , 2001 return receipt your rfp dated june 25 , 2001 document : was received dick boerner / lsg / enserch / us by : at : 04 : 15 : 48 pm today 
2	Subject: monthly briefing : a shoulder month without shoulder prices - cera alert september forecast - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 08 / 23 / 2000 06 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 08 / 22 / 2000 10 : 28 : 10 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : monthly briefing : a shoulder month without shoulder prices - cera alert cera alert : sent tue , august 22 , 2000 title : monthly briefing : a shoulder month without shoulder prices author : zenker , snyder , moritzburke e - mail category : alert product line : western energy , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 total imports of 5 . 8 bcf per day eclipsed the previous high by 300 million cubic feet ( mmcf ) per day ( see table 6 ) . pipeline capacity into the state during the month ran at 83 percent utilization . so far in august , pipeline capacity utilization is exceeding even that high rate , running at 85 percent . these high rates of capacity utilization are putting pressure on gas prices in southern california , and the pressure should continue during september . total demand in california is expected to decline somewhat during september , but continued strong power loads and low seasonal hydroelectric generation will provide support . total demand in the state should average 6 . 6 bcf per day , down only slightly from august ' s total of 6 . 8 bcf per day . flows into the state between august and september are not likely to change significantly , but price pressure should decline somewhat with demand . the topock differential to the henry hub should average approximately $ 0 . 50 per mmbtu for september ( see table 7 ) . storage inventories in the west are still healthy relative to levels in the rest of the united states , but the storage surplus in the region has eroded . in california , inventories are running lower than last year , and the deficit in the state looks likely to widen during september . the end of injection season storage inventories will determine the vulnerability of topock differentials to winter price spikes . pacific northwest malin prices this summer have shown neither the strong premiums that topock prices have shown nor the wide discounts that supplies in the rocky mountains and san juan basins have shown . so far this month , prices at malin are averaging a $ 0 . 25 per mmbtu discount to the henry hub . pipeline capacity into the region from the rocky mountains is running nearly full ; flows on pgt out of alberta have averaged nearly 2 . 2 bcf per day this month . export capacity out of the region on pge gt nw is running close to capacity , and pipeline constraints to the south combined with strong california demand are driving the wide malin - to - topock differentials . continuing strong demand in the south will likely keep topock prices strong , and the wide north - south differentials within the west will likely hold through september . in the pacific northwest demand is expected to climb through september to 1 . 5 bcf per day from 1 . 4 bcf per day in august . this demand level should keep malin differentials from widening from current levels . for september cera expects malin prices to average $ 0 . 10 per mmbtu below the henry hub price . southwest prices in the san juan basin this summer have been left behind by rising california demand . although the westward pull on supplies is strong , bottlenecks between california and the san juan have led to disconnects between san juan prices and topock prices . pipeline capacity utilization rates on transwestern and the northern leg of el paso reached 93 percent during july , with less than 200 mmcf per day of excess pipeline capacity . increased flows from the rockies on transcolorado and northwest are contributing to downward pressure on san juan basin supply , and in general , the san juan has followed rocky mountain prices rather than following prices at topock or the permian basin . unlike in the past two summers , the bottleneck has not allowed power demand on the west coast to support san juan prices relative to permian prices . the differential between san juan and permian has averaged $ 0 . 50 per mmbtu so far this month and $ 0 . 30 per mmbtu since june . additional imports from the rockies into the san juan have increased supply by 200 mmcf per day relative to last summer , but these higher flows do not fully explain the disconnect . without much change in southwestern or rocky mountains local demand , the san juan should continue to price at a wide discount during september . the san juan - to - henry hub differential is expected to average $ 0 . 60 per mmbtu . as in the rockies , differentials should narrow substantially in october . rocky mountains downward pressures on rocky mountain prices intensified over the past month as utilization rates on pipelines out of the region continued to climb . record heat and power generation levels have done little to boost gas demand within the region ; generation is still largely coal - based , and the demand impact on gas of the additional load is minimal . cera expects the heavy discount - current rocky mountain - to - henry hub differentials are around $ 0 . 90 per mmbtu - to persist through september . local area demand is not expected to change during september . substantial gain in local demand comes in october with heating loads ; october demand should average 1 . 4 bcf per day , up from august and september averages of around 1 . 2 bcf per day . although the winter heating season will relieve pipeline pressures in the rockies , winter differentials are expected to stay in the $ 0 . 25 to $ 0 . 40 per mmbtu range . strong storage inventories will limit the connection with broader north american markets this summer . next summer , pressures on rockies supplies will likely intensify relative to this summer . although pipeline expansion projects have been announced - trailblazer and williams announced expansion plans this summer - the new capacity will not be online to relieve constraints next summer . cera expects supplies within the rocky mountains to increase by 300 mmcf per day next year . western canada after widening to over us $ 1 . 50 per mmbtu , the aeco - henry differential has begun to narrow somewhat ; maintenance that has restricted flows has largely been responsible for the jump from $ 0 . 84 per mmbtu in july . with current supply able to fill the contracted pipe capacity and incremental volumes having to pay full cost to flow , differentials are likely to persist in the mid - us $ 0 . 70 s per mmbtu for september . aeco is expected to be us $ 3 . 25 per mmbtu ( c $ 4 . 53 per gigajoule ) for september . even with the start - up of the alliance project , the contract nonrenewal on transcanada is likely to continue the two - tiered pricing dynamics of contracted versus uncontracted pipeline costs . this will result in differentials that will range between us $ 0 . 60 and us $ 0 . 75 per mmbtu throughout the winter . supply build in western canada continues to languish behind last year ' s levels . the pace of drilling ( over 9 , 000 gas wells are expected this year ) should provide growth in the fourth quarter and into 2001 . supply is expected to be flat with 1999 on an annual basis for this year and up at least 350 mmcf per day in 2001 . sumas prices have been quite volatile , driven by both weather in the pacific northwest and maintenance on the westcoast system . for september , sumas is expected to be slightly more stable and to price at a modest premium to aeco of us $ 0 . 05 per mmbtu . * * end * * follow url for pdf version of this monthly briefing with associated graphic and tables . cera ' s autumn 2000 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www . cera . com / event account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 21 / 00 effective 10 / 21 / 00 deliveries to eastrans is 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy and maintain at this rate until further notified . the redeliveries will be : 7500 from fuels cotton valley 22500 to pg & e 
2	Subject: re : 1 . power 2000 ; 2 . my proposed 5 / 25 houston visit ehud , thanks fro your message . what about june 22 ? i have several trips in between may 25 and june 22 . vince " ehud i . ronn " on 05 / 16 / 2000 02 : 47 : 49 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : 1 . power 2000 ; 2 . my proposed 5 / 25 houston visit vince , greetings . 1 . thanks again for hosting the dinner at power 2000 . congratulations also on a thoughtful keynote address , a copy of which i picked up on the way out of the conference . 2 . my family and i are leaving on a family trip 5 / 25 thru 6 / 4 . thus , i would like to reschedule my proposed houston visit , and presentation of the " enterprise - wide risk management " model to enron ' s research dept . , to the next mutually - convenient date . best , ehud ehud i . ronn department of finance college and graduate school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: elektronik lottery promotion prize awards ! ! ! from : government accredited licensed lottery promoters . winning notice for category \ " a \ " winner dear lucky winner , re : elektronik lotto promotion prize awards winning notification we are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual final draws of lotto international netherlands programs . the online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of 25 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an advanced automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets were sold . after this automated computer ballot , your e - mail address emerged as one of two winners in the category \ " a \ " with the following : ref number : pc 390 es 214 batch number : 26371545 - lni / 2005 ticket number : pcp 002 871 you as well as the other winner are therefore to receive a cash prize of 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 . ( one million , five hundred thousand euro only ) each from the total payout . your prize award has been insured with your e - mail address and will be transferred to you upon meeting our requirements , statutory obligations , verifications , validations and satisfactory report . to begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised to contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category \ " a \ " winners with the information below : mr . van bell , remittance department director , tel : + 31 617 186 560 e - mail : vanbell @ nzoomail . com vanbell 2005 @ web - mail . com . ar you are also advised to provide him with the under listed information as soon as possible : 1 . name in full 2 . address 3 . nationality 4 . age 5 . occupation 6 . phone / fax note : all winnings must be claimed not later than 14 days . after this dateall unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake . remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence . you are to keep all lotto information away from the general public especially your reference and ticket numbers . ( this is important as a case of double claims will not be entertained ) . members of the affiliate agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program . thank you and congratulations ! ! ! yours faithfully , mrs . lynn rowlands , games / lottery coordinator . lotto international netherlands www . lotto . nl this email may contain information which is confidential and / or privileged . the information is intended solely for the use of the individual or entity named above . if you are not the intended recipient , be aware that any disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents is prohibited . if you have received this electronic transmission in error , please notify the sender by telephone or return email and delete the material from your computer . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / skdclan . wwwpuntocom . com 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for manfred . roenz @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007666 request create date : 11 / 17 / 00 8 : 40 : 57 am requested for : manfred . roenz @ enron . com resource name : eol us risk management application product data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership in your area . start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . we ' re giving away gold memberships in your area now . msvutobv 
2	Subject: follow - up meeting ( re : rusty mills ) hello all ! amy would like to meet with all of you sometime this afternoon to get the general consensus about rusty mills . are you all available around 2 : 00 pm to chat briefly with amy ( mt . hood ) ? please let me know ! thanks , grace x 8321 
2	Subject: valero ' s february gas nominations daren - i am looking for 5 . 000 / d at meter 1394 and 10 . 000 / d at meter 8018 for feb . currently it is 10 . 000 / d at 1394 and 5 . 000 / d at 8018 . can i change the tickets or will you ? attached is the confirmation spreadsheet from valero . thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2001 07 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - on 01 / 30 / 2001 02 : 51 : 39 pm to : alannou @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com cc : subject : valero ' s february gas nominations amy and carlos , please find attached valero ' s baseload natural gas nominations and designated swing supply quantities for february 1 - 31 for the houston and texas city refineries as well as valero ' s supply to the clearlake methanol plant . if you need to reach me please call me . dave phone : ( 210 ) 370 - 2799 cell phone at ( 210 ) 241 - 9180 pager ( 888 ) 691 - 5538 ( see attached file : hpl _ nomso 201 . xls ) - hpl _ nomso 201 . xls 
2	Subject: re : confidential sophie - what do we need to do to implement this ? vince - do you want to go through this with steve while he ' s in houston ? - dale vince j kaminski 30 / 08 / 2000 23 : 43 to : sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , michele small / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : confidential sophie , i think it ' s a fair deal . vince sophie kingsley 08 / 30 / 2000 11 : 49 am to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , michele small / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : confidential both , thanks for your comments and comparisons , it is good to get context . based on your comments here would be my proposal o 63 , 500 basic salary - ol 5 k kickers for each of the 2 years - these are paid as a lump sum on each anniversary guaranteed . therefore guaranteed salary is effectively o 78 , 500 - this is completely separate and in addition to any performance bonus increase the value of options to o 60 k to vest 1 / 3 as before - which leaves a 1 / 3 ( $ 20 , 000 ) hanging out there at the end of the contract . just fyi - anjam is currently on o 68 , 000 but does not have an agreement , so this would effectively put a 10 . 5 k gap between the two . let me know your thoughts . dale surbey 30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 09 to : sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : confidential sophie , here ' s vince ' s comments on your proposal for steve . also , what ' s a 2 - yr exec ? how do the kickers work - are they basically a guaranteed minimum bonus or incremental bonus ? - dale - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 10 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 30 / 08 / 2000 14 : 21 to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : confidential dale , thanks for your message . i don ' t know the labor market in london that well but here the market for quants is very hot . steve is in my view an exceptionally talented person and i would go an extra mile to retain him long - term for the company . i would adjust the base salary or the kicker upward a bit . o 62 , 000 basic is what anjam is receiving currently ( if i remember correctly ) . steve has a much higher value to enron than anjam . vince dale surbey 08 / 30 / 2000 07 : 49 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : confidential vince , this is the package hr is proposing for steven . what do you think ? - dale - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 13 : 50 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sophie kingsley 29 / 08 / 2000 20 : 32 to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : confidential sorry dale , long day , here are the proposed numbers 2 year exec o 62 , 000 basic ( currently o 55 k ) ol 0 k each year kickers $ 50 , 000 worth of options to vest 1 / 3 1 / 3 1 / 3 let me know what you think . regards sophie 
2	Subject: amazing low rates 3 . 28 % c v d he  llfo dsmedaar hom > e ownoer , w > e havlxe bewen n 4 wotified thaat your m 6 o [ rtgag 5 e rate is fikxed a 9 t a very higtch intvserest rate . therefore ytou are currently ovewrpaying , whhhvmic $ h s ; ums - up tmo tgho , usand ] s of dollars annually 7 y . latukjckily for you we chan guarantee the lowest rates in t 9 he u $ . sxv . ( 3 . 28 % ) . so holu  rry because the rate forecast ix 6 s not l 5 loovkking good ! thfere is nio obligation , and it ' s fmree lock on the 3 . 28 % , even with bad crevdit ! cl % ick here nosww for detaip 9 ls renmoeve here  
2	Subject: besides our special pricing . experience greater convenience as well . gratis consultations . best remedies . reasonably priced . speedy deliveries . i ' ll definitely . recommend your site to others . courtney comb , nc . http : / / mi . kha . bitterorsweet . com / 1 kl / at rather an early breakfast hour , and set off very punctually , " i would rather have young people settle on a small income at once , glittered and sparkled in the sunshine like colored flames , and the 
2	Subject: re : chapter chris , my part has not changed for some time ( since early july ) . i sent the last vintage of corrections to you when i was in sydney . you can send the version you consider final to us just to double check . i took the liberty of sending our chapter to darrell duffie and he liked it . what is more important he did not find any error . i shell send you my comments on the article for robin in a day or so . vince " chris strickland " on 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 55 : 31 pm please respond to " chris strickland " to : , cc : subject : chapter hi vince , ? how are things with you ? well i hope . do you have the latest version of your part of chapter 3 ? ( i think grant has sent thru a seperate , updated version to you , which has been typeset ) . everything else has been tied up and we will go with the version we have , unless we hear otherwise . ? many thanks and best regards . ? chris . ? 
2	Subject: save 70 percent on super viagra 247040 save 70 percent on super viagra and increase sex drive . most places charge $ 22 . 95 , we charge only $ 4 . 95 . what is regalis ( super viagra ) ? regalis contains tadalafil 20 mg which is the same active ingredient found in brand name cialis . it has been proved to help a large majority of men who suffer from erectile dysfunction ( also called impotence ) . cialis is regarded as a super - viagra or weekend - viagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalis increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . * * * * * * * * * * * 216112314 * * * is it safe for me to take regalis ( super viagra ) ? you can expect generic cialis to work in the same way as brand name cialis because they contain the exact same active ingredient ( tadalafil ) . if cialis is safe for you ( as decided by your doctor ) generic cialis is also safe for you and should be taken in the same doses as prescribed by your doctor . the usual does is 10 mg , each 20 mg pill can be split in half . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 247040 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ will you ship regalis ( super viagra ) to my country ? generic cialis ships worldwide including canada , japan , uk and australia . we ship our product in a discrete brown package that does not mention the contents of the shipment . all orders are shipped from india and usually take 15 - 30 days to arive . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 247040 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * how do i pay for regalis ( super viagra ) ? we accept major creditcards , and checking accounts ( us only ) . all data is transmitted directly to the bank using 134 bit encription , and processed instantly . we never keep your information stored on our server . you are totally safe to order online from us . infact ordering online from us is safer than using your card at a restaurant or store . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 258985416 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ buy regalis generic cialis , and save 70 percent we have the worlds best price guaranteed ! * * * 216159306 * * * * * remove ? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  247040 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  
2	Subject: correction : important announcement regarding document preservation . correction per the bolded text below . on wednesday , october 31 , i sent an email to all enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation . new lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that enron will need to retain . the following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits . effective immediately , please do the following : 1 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal or chewco investments l . p . including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6800 . 2 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger or the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6803 . 3 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . , or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6801 . 4 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed merger with dynegy or the enron corp . savings plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6803 . 5 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal , chewco investments l . p . , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to ljm . litigation @ enron . com . 6 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com . 7 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com . 8 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to classaction . litigation @ enron . com . 9 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed dynegy merger or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com . 10 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the enron corp . savings plan or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com . " ljm deal " includes ljm cayman l . p . , ljm co - investment l . p . , tnpcl , margauxl , cortez ( tnpc ) , ospreyl , avici , catalytica , fishtail ( pulp & paper ) , backbone , ena clo ( merlin ) , nowa sarzyna ( poland ) , bob west , megs , yosemite , eecc turbines ( blue dog ) , raptor 1 , raptor la , raptor 2 , raptor 2 a , raptor 3 , raptor 4 , rawhide , ljm 2 / ww loan agrmt , osprey 2 llcl , rythms , osprey , cuiaba , and ljm cayco investments . also , please forward all future e - mails and voice mails that relate to the above - referenced subjects to the appropriate e - mail address or voice mail box . these procedures will ensure that our electronic documents and voice mails are properly preserved . shortly , our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files , i . e . , written documents , for possible production in litigation . until further notice , please retain all of your hard - copy files now in your possession or that come into your possession that in any way relate to : 1 . the ljm deal 2 . azurix 3 . new power co . 4 . ebs 5 . chewco investments l . p . 6 . accounting for any enron investments 7 . any enron public statement made to the investment public 8 . any enron public filing with the sec or other regulatory bodies 9 . the proposed merger with dynegy 10 . the enron corp . savings plan . it is not necessary to send documents related to your personal participation in the plan such as plan communications to you regarding the status of your account . please err on the side of retention of documents . if you have any questions , please call andrew edison at x 5 - 7105 . 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 20 / 01 usa : s & p may still cut enron , expects dynegy merger . reuters english news service , 11 / 20 / 01 in the money : enron melts as many see merger in jeopardy dow jones news service , 11 / 20 / 01 dynegy won ' t comment on merger partner enron ' s 10 - q dow jones news service , 11 / 20 / 01 enron ' s credit rating remains on negative watch , s & p says bloomberg , 11 / 20 / 01 accounting watchdogs to examine auditors ' peer review process bloomberg , 11 / 20 / 01 newpower plugs cash drain by revamping power pact with enron bloomberg , 11 / 20 / 01 enron falls after company cuts earnings , says $ 690 mln note due bloomberg , 11 / 20 / 01 options report : traders wary as mkt shows ' lack of fear ' dow jones capital markets report , 11 / 20 / 01 usa : reliant surprised by latest enron disclosure . reuters english news service , 11 / 20 / 01 stockwatch enron slides after warning on debt , cut in q 3 eps afx news , 11 / 20 / 01 andersen - enron audit prompts look at peer reviews ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 20 / 01 energy cos limit business with enron after 10 q - traders dow jones energy service , 11 / 20 / 01 us ferc denies regulatory waiver for dynegy lng terminal dow jones energy service , 11 / 20 / 01 usa : update 2 - enron stock hits decade low after debt warning . reuters english news service , 11 / 20 / 01 usa : enron shares slide after debt warning . reuters english news service , 11 / 20 / 01 stock market analysis : looking out to next year cnnfn : market coverage - morning , 11 / 20 / 01 deregulation not seen leaderless after enron ' s collapse dow jones energy service , 11 / 20 / 01 enron falls amid concern debt threatens dynegy bid ( update 6 ) bloomberg , 11 / 20 / 01 enron bbb - rating on creditwatch negative - s & p afx news , 11 / 20 / 01 usa : s & p may still cut enron , expects dynegy merger . 11 / 20 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 20 ( reuters ) - enron corp . ' s debt ratings may still fall to junk status , standard & poor ' s said on tuesday , a day after the energy trading giant said it may have to pay off a $ 690 million note next week , and owes $ 9 . 15 billion in debt and other obligations by the end of 2002 . s & p also said enron ' s near - term liquidity position is " expected to be sufficient " to allow it to merge with smaller houston - based rival dynegy inc . . the merger , announced this month , is expected to close in the third quarter of 2002 . s & p , which said it may cut houston - based enron ' s " bbb - minus " and " a - 3 " long - and short - term unsecured debt ratings , each one notch above junk , said the chance enron will have to pay off the note raises " liquidity issues , " but that " given the alignment of interests between enron and the banks , " enron ' s ability to renegotiate the note " will be successful . " enron said in its quarterly report , filed monday with the securities and exchange commission , that it has less than $ 2 billion of available cash and credit lines . it said in the filing the recent s & p downgrade to " bbb - minus " may force it to pay off the $ 690 million note by tuesday if it doesn ' t find collateral to guarantee the debt of an affiliated partnership . enron shares traded tuesday afternoon on the new york stock exchange at $ 6 . 99 , down $ 2 . 07 , or 22 . 9 percent , on volume topping 53 million shares . they have fallen more than 91 percent in 2001 amid accounting problems , earnings restatements , a federal investigation and management changes . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . in the money : enron melts as many see merger in jeopardy by carol s . remond 11 / 20 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a dow jones newswires column new york - ( dow jones ) - investors are running for the exits as doubts about enron corp . ' s ( ene ) planned merger with dynegy inc . ( dyn ) mount . debt and equity markets are taking news of enron ' s never ending credit woes with renewed pessimism tuesday , sending the company ' s stock down almost 24 % and its bonds sharply lower . and with so much riding on dynegy ' s financial support , risk arbitrageurs , those investors who bet on the stock price of companies involved in merger , aren ' t willing to play . " there is just too much risk , " said a trader at a new york risk arbitrage firm . " nobody wants to even get close to the deal . " perhaps most telling about the uncertainty surrounding enron and the merger with dynegy is the fact that even a 68 % risk premium over the value of the dynegy deal has so far failed to attract investors . " the deal appears in real jeopardy here , " a bond trader said . under the merger plan , enron holders would receive 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each enron share . at dynegy ' s current share price of $ 41 . 77 , that means the value of the deal is about $ 11 . 20 a share for enron holders . but enron stock recently traded as low as $ 6 . 68 a share , almost 68 % below the value of the merger . adding to doubts about enron ' s long - term viability , the company said in a delayed quarterly filing late monday that its ability to continue as a going concern depends on a number of factors , including being able to retain an investment grade credit rating . dynegy declined to comment on whether its decision to merge with enron would be affected by the company ' s latest securities and exchange commission filing , including the disclosure that enron will have to repay $ 690 million in debt by next tuesday if it doesn ' t come up with collateral for a loan . an enron spokeswoman wasn ' t available to comment on the merger plan . among other bad news , enron ' s latest report warned investors that the company faces immediate demand for $ 3 . 9 billion in debt if its credit rating is downgraded any further . earlier this month , standard & poor ' s corp . and moody ' s investors service cut enron ' s credit ratings to " bbb - " and " baa 3 " , just one notch higher than below - investment grade , or " junk " status . the rating agencies warned that they may cut their respective ratings again . neither s 201 - 938 - 2074 ; dow jones newswires carol . remond @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy won ' t comment on merger partner enron ' s 10 - q by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 20 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - dynegy inc . ( dyn ) declined tuesday to comment on whether its merger with enron corp . ( ene ) would be affected by the contents of enron ' s quarterly filing with the securities and exchange commission late monday . in the 10 - q , which was filed five days past the sec deadline , enron revised its third - quarter earnings downward by 3 cents a share , and disclosed it may have to pay off a $ 690 million note owed to an affiliated partnership because a clause in a financial agreement was triggered by the reduction in enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to triple - b - minus by standard 201 - 938 - 5166 christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com ( corrected 1 : 50 pm ) enron corp . ( ene ) must make arrangements to pay off a note owed to an affiliated partnership by nov . 27 , unless it finds collateral to guarantee the debt . ( an item published at 12 : 40 p . m . est misstated the date . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s credit rating remains on negative watch , s & p says 2001 - 11 - 20 15 : 05 ( new york ) enron ' s credit rating remains on negative watch , s & p says new york , nov . 20 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s credit rating remained on negative watch by standard & poor ' s , a day after the largest energy trader released its delayed third - quarter regulatory filing . shares of enron fell as much as 28 percent today , and its bonds have also tumbled amid concern the company might run out of cash before its takeover by dynegy inc . accounting watchdogs to examine auditors ' peer review process 2001 - 11 - 20 13 : 32 ( new york ) accounting watchdogs to examine auditors ' peer review process washington , nov . 20 ( bloomberg ) - - the accounting industry ' s watchdog group plans to examine whether audit firms are conducting adequate ` ` peer reviews ' ' of one another in light of arthur andersen llp ' s failed audits of enron corp . , according to the group ' s chairman , charles bowsher . a detailed review of the enron case rests with the securities and exchange commission , the public oversight board chairman said . the board will look at the bigger issue , ` ` which is how can you have peer reviews and still have these kinds of failures ? ' ' bowsher said . the pob , a private group created to oversee the accounting industry ' s self - governance as an advocate for the public , will take the matter up at a closed meeting in washington on dec . 4 , he said . houston - based enron , the largest energy trader , earlier this month reported that it overstated earnings by $ 586 million over four - and - a - half years , inflated shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion because of an ` ` accounting error , ' ' and failed to consolidate results of three affiliated partnerships into its balance sheet . andersen , the world ' s fifth - largest accounting firm , served as enron ' s outside auditor for more than a decade , assuring investors that the company ' s financial statements conformed with generally accepted accounting principles . the sec is investigating some of enron ' s partnerships . firms that audit public companies submit to ` ` peer reviews ' ' of their accounting practices by other accounting firms , a practice aimed at assuring the investing public that the firm complies with professional standards . u . s . representative john dingell , a michigan democrat , said yesterday in a letter to bowsher that none of the big five accounting firms has ever issued a negative report against another at the end of any peer review . dingell skeptical ` ` there appears to be little reason for the public to have faith in andersen or the peer review process , ' ' dingell wrote . andersen responded saying it had faith in the accounting profession ' s self - regulatory process , which the pob oversees . a spokeswoman at deloitte & touche llp , andersen ' s peer - reviewer , didn ' t return a telephone call seeking comment . deloitte , the third - largest reviewer , is conducting a peer review of andersen now . bowsher , a former u . s . comptroller general , said the pob was thinking of looking into peer review issues before receiving dingell ' s letter . ` ` but this letter certainly focuses the issue , ' ' he said . dingell ' s letter said the outside counsel to a special committee of enron ' s board has retained deloitte & touche to help it review the company ' s accounting problems . conflict of interest ? ` ` do dt ' s dual roles create a conflict of interest ? ' ' dingell ' s letter asked . ` ` if dt finds numerous problems on enron , will dt try to ` whitewash ' or reconcile them in order to be able to issue a clean peer review report ? ' ' dingell also questioned whether the money andersen pays deloitte & touche for its current peer review will sway the outcome . ` ` how will this influence , if at all , dt ' s ` independent ' judgment of andersen ' s work on enron ? ' ' the letter said . bowsher responded : ` there ' s nothing we can do to change the fact that deloitte & touche has done the previous reviews of andersen . now , the question is should they ( the outside counsel ) use the same firm , or would it be better for them to use another firm ? and that ' s pretty much their decision . ' ' bowsher said he has no knowledge of the accounting problems at enron beyond what he ' s read in newspapers . ` ` it looks pretty bad , doesn ' t it ? , ' ' he said . expanded power dingell ' s request could prove a test of the pob ' s recently expanded power and oversight . the group ' s charter was revised earlier this year to make the pob the accounting industry ' s premier watchdog group following criticisms by former sec chairman arthur levitt and former sec chief accountant lynn turner . they criticized the ` ` alphabet soup ' ' of accounting self - regulators and voiced frustration with the industry ' s oversight of itself . the new charter put the pob in charge of supervising the setting of auditing and audit - independence standards and monitoring how firms audit public companies . it also gave the board , which is funded by the industry , the power to set its own budget with no strings attached . ` ` now , for the first time , we will see if the pob is able to act in the public interest and undertake the mandate presented to it by congressman dingell and by its new charter , ' ' turner said . ` ` they didn ' t have the power in the past . ' ' the pob was set up in 1977 to represent the public interest in overseeing the accounting industry ' s self - governance structure . before its charter was revised , the pob was just one facet of the enforcement of auditing industry standards regarding publicly traded companies . now , it oversees the activities of these other groups as well . newpower plugs cash drain by revamping power pact with enron 2001 - 11 - 20 11 : 05 ( new york ) newpower plugs cash drain by revamping power pact with enron washington , nov . 20 ( bloomberg ) - - newpower holdings inc . , one of the first companies to market power to homeowners nationwide , recently plugged a cash drain brought on by plunging energy prices . the purchase , new york , company buys gas and electricity from suppliers such as enron corp . and resells the energy to residential and small business customers in states such as pennsylvania , ohio , georgia and texas . newpower markets its service as an alternative to local utilities in restructured retail energy markets . recent declines in energy prices have required newpower to deposit $ 110 million in cash with enron , its largest shareholder as well as a major creditor , leaving the company with about $ 33 million . according to a regulatory filing , enron recently agreed to allow newpower to replace some of the cash collateral with assets such as inventory and customer ious . ` ` we had a certain amount of cash tied up in those collateral positions , ' ' said william jacobs , chief financial officer at newpower . ` ` obviously , every dollar you put up there reduces the amount of money you can spend other places . ' ' newpower represents a new breed of energy middleman that contracts to provide power to retail customers at certain prices . rather than owning power plants and gas pipelines , though , the company simply purchases energy - - at slightly lower prices - - from suppliers such as enron . the contracts with enron require newpower to post collateral with the supplier if the market price of natural gas or electricity falls below the price set in the contract . and prices for natural gas , used to fuel most electricity plants , have plunged . offsetting contracts natural gas for december delivery fell 4 . 6 cents to $ 2 . 740 per million british thermal units on the new york mercantile exchange . that is down from a record $ 10 . 10 per million british thermal units last december . newpower isn ' t at risk of losing money because the company has offsetting contracts to sell the electricity and natural gas at even higher prices to retail customers . it ' s more of a timing issue : the company has had to post the collateral before the sales under these retail contracts take place . nevertheless , the need to provide collateral has weighed heavily on newpower ' s balance sheet . cash and cash equivalents have declined to $ 33 . 4 million on sept . 30 from $ 179 . 9 million on dec . 31 , 2000 . meanwhile , restricted cash , such as the collateral provided to enron and others , has ballooned to $ 180 . 2 million from $ 16 . 2 million during the same period . other transactions on oct . 18 , according to a quarterly report filed with the securities and exchange commission , enron agreed to permit newpower to substitute inventory and customer receivables for as much as $ 40 million of the cash collateral . this agreement will expire jan . 4 , 2002 . ` ` assuming broadly stable forward energy prices , ' ' the filing said , newpower ` ` has sufficient financial resources to conduct its business until it secures permanent asset - backed or similar financing . ' ' the company also said in the sec filing that it has recently entered into a series of transactions ` ` to reduce the risk of posting additional cash as collateral ' ' if energy prices fall further . these transactions , which the company says are an exception to its usual hedging strategy , ` ` increase the company ' s exposure to commodity price fluctuations . ' ' joint venture newpower was formed as a joint venture between enron , general electric capital corp . , the california public employee ' s retirement system , the ontario teachers ' pension plan board , and the merchant banking arm of donaldson , lufkin & jenrette inc . , now owned by credit suisse group . in october 2000 , the company held an initial public offering of 24 million common shares at $ 21 each . newpower shares have fallen more than 83 percent so far this year and now trade at $ 1 . 60 each . enron falls after company cuts earnings , says $ 690 mln note due 2001 - 11 - 20 09 : 39 ( new york ) enron falls after company cuts earnings , says $ 690 mln note due houston , nov . 20 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares fell as much as 10 percent after the biggest energy trader restated third - quarter earnings for a second time this month and said it may have to make early payment of a $ 690 million note next week . shares of enron , which agreed to a takeover by rival dynegy inc . this month after a financial crisis threatened it with bankruptcy , fell 86 cents to $ 8 . 20 . dynegy fell $ 1 . 30 to $ 42 . 30 . enron reduced third - quarter results by 3 cents a share , bringing the period ' s loss to 87 cents , or $ 664 million , according to a u . s . securities & exchange commission filing . on nov . 8 , enron lowered earnings back to 1997 by $ 586 million to reflect losses by affiliated partnerships that were wrongly kept off the books . that included a third - quarter reduction of $ 17 million . a drop in enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to ` ` bbb - ' ' by standard & poor ' s on nov . 12 may force enron to pay off the $ 690 million note by nov . 27 if it doesn ' t find collateral to guarantee the debt taken on by another affiliated partnership , the company said in the filing released yesterday after the u . s . stock market closed . without repayment or collateral , investors in a partnership that owns brazilian natural - gas assets can begin to liquidate the partnership ' s assets , enron said . the company said it ' s working with lenders to come up with an acceptable agreement on the debt . enron used affiliated partnerships to raise money quickly and take debt off its books . its shares plunged this year as investors questioned whether the partnerships also were being used to hide losses from failed investments . chief executive officer kenneth lay said earlier this month that buying back 62 million shares from two such partnerships cost enron shareholders $ 1 . 2 billion in lost equity . making good on debt owed by its whitewing affiliated partnership may cut enron ' s fourth - quarter earnings , enron said . enron is obligated to back whitewing by issuing junior convertible preferred stock . because enron ' s stock has plunged , it may have to write down its assets by $ 700 million , the filing said . dynegy agreed nov . 9 to buy enron in a transaction now valued at $ 25 billion in stock and assumed debt . both companies are based in houston . chevrontexaco corp . , the second - largest u . s . oil company , owns 26 percent of dynegy and is providing $ 2 . 5 billion in cash as part of the enron buyout . shares of chevrontexaco , based in san francisco , rose $ 1 . 63 to $ 84 . 54 . options report : traders wary as mkt shows ' lack of fear ' by kopin tan and marcelo prince of dow jones newswires 11 / 20 / 2001 dow jones capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - stock market investors may give thanks for stocks ' surge this fall . but in the options market , all that feel - good bullishness has only given investors pause . with options sentiment indicators all showing what traders say is " a lack of fear , " option investors - many of them famously contrarian - are beginning to become more fearful . a number are hedging their long stock positions with options or becoming more bearish in their short - term outlooks , even with the dow jones industrial average moving technically into bull - market territory this week , and the nasdaq composite index up more than 37 % from its late - september low . " is it possible the market could embark on a new sustained bull market ? i don ' t think so , " said jay shartsis , director of option trading at r . f . lafferty 201 - 938 - 2202 kopin . tan @ dowjones . com ( marcelo prince of dow jones newswires contributed to this report . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : reliant surprised by latest enron disclosure . 11 / 20 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 20 ( reuters ) - reliant resources inc . , a trading partner of beleaguered energy trading giant enron corp . , said on tuesday it was surprised by news that enron could be forced to pay $ 690 million in debt next week because of a credit rating downgrade . shahid malik , reliant ' s president of energy trading and marketing , said his company was still evaluating the implications of the disclosure , which enron made in a filing with the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) on monday . " it ' s another surprise to the industry . we don ' t need any more surprises , " malik told reporters at a press presentation of a new index devised by houston - based reliant to track natural gas consumption . reliant is a big wholesale electricity and natural gas trader and as such both a competitor and trading counterparty of enron . malik said enron executives had not mentioned the potential payment of $ 690 million during a conference call with analysts on nov . 14 , two days before the credit rating downgrade that triggered it on nov . 12 . enron agreed to be acquired by smaller rival dynegy inc . for some $ 9 billion in stock on nov . 9 after a collapse in investor confidence and snowballing financial problems brought enron to the brink of collapse . dynegy wrote clauses into its agreement with enron that allow it to walk away from the deal if the problems at enron turn out to be far worse than previously disclosed , but dynegy executives have said it is unlikely those clauses will be invoked . malik said that as a trading partner in wholesale energy markets , reliant will seek further clarification from enron about its financial position . " my guess is that they are going to have a hard time coming up with the money , " he said . malik said enron ' s bids and offers in the wholesale electricity and natural gas markets had become less competitive in recent weeks and that this had allowed reliant and other companies to capture some market share from enron . reliant continued to do business with enron , he said , but was exercising " heightened caution " . malik said reliant had not hired any traders away from enron recently and was currently well staffed . " but you always look for good people , you always look for talent , " he added . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stockwatch enron slides after warning on debt , cut in q 3 eps 11 / 20 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - shares of enron corp were sharply lower in midsession trade after the company warned yesterday that it faces heavy debt repayment obligations in less than 10 days , and has reduced its already - reported third - quarter earnings , dealers said . at 12 . 10 pm , enron was down 1 . 16 usd , or 12 . 80 pct , at 7 . 90 . chevrontexaco inc affiliate dynegy inc , which agreed to acquire enron for 8 . 5 bln usd in cash and paper , was down 20 cents , or 0 . 46 pct , at 43 . 40 . chevrontexaco was up 3 . 15 usd at 86 . 06 . the djia was down 71 . 69 points at 9 , 904 . 77 and the s & p 500 was down 5 . 42 points at 1145 . 24 . in a 10 q filing with the securities and exchange commission , enron said that because of a credit rating downgrade last week , it now faces a debt payment of 690 mln usd by nov 27 . it also restated its third - quarter earnings , lowering them by 3 cents per share . wall street analysts , however , said the announcement was not surprising following the company ' s recent credit downgrades and enron ' s board investigation into the company ' s balance sheet . they also said the news should not endanger enron ' s purchase by chevrontexaco affiliate dynegy . credit suisse first boston analyst curt launer , who maintained his strong buy rating on enron , said he expects the company ' s 690 mln usd obligation will be renegotiated , and " satisfied out of ( enron ' s ) current cash position of 1 . 5 bln usd or collateralized . " the analyst said he already had factored in a reduction in enron ' s fourth - quarter eps , to 40 cents from 48 previously , because of those expected issues . however , he now expects fourth - quarter eps of 25 - 35 cents . as for the dynegy deal , launer sees a 90 pct probability that it will be completed , as dynegy " demonstrably benefits from it and chevron texaco supports it . " yesterday , chevrontexaco chairman david o ' reilly reaffirmed support for the company ' s decision to invest 2 . 5 bln usd in dynegy . the enron / dynegy deal does contain a " material adverse change ( mac ) " clause that could break the deal , but only if enron liabilities exceed 2 bln usd net of insurance or reserves . in its 10 q filing , enron also detailed its plans to dispose of 8 bln usd of non - core assets , mainly international and broadband assets . csfb ' s launer said his strong buy rating on enron , reflects his expectations that the deal spread , currently at about 30 pct , will narrow as progress is made toward a closing . csfb disclosed that launer ' s immediate family owns shares of enron , estimated at less than 250 . ng / gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . andersen - enron audit prompts look at peer reviews ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 20 16 : 13 ( new york ) andersen - enron audit prompts look at peer reviews ( updatel ) ( adds information on accounting firms in seventh paragraph . ) washington , nov . 20 ( bloomberg ) - - an accounting industry oversight group , prompted by concerns about arthur andersen llp ' s failed audits of enron corp . , plans to look at the adequacy of letting u . s . audit firms police one another , said the group ' s chairman , charles bowsher . the question for the public oversight board involves the industry ' s system of ` ` peer reviews , ' ' in which auditors submit their reports on public companies for examination by other accounting firms , in an effort to assure investors the audits comply with accounting standards . ` ` how can you have peer reviews and still have these kinds of failures ? ' ' bowsher , a former u . s . comptroller general , asked in an interview . the board ' s examination will consider the broad issue of industry oversight , leaving specific review of enron ' s audits to the securities and exchange commission , he said . houston - based enron , the largest energy trader , this month said it overstated earnings by $ 586 million over four - and - a - half years , inflated shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion because of an accounting error , and failed to consolidate results of three affiliated partnerships into its balance sheet . the oversight board , created to supervise the accounting industry ' s self - governance practices , will address the issue dec . 4 , bowsher said . andersen , the world ' s fifth - largest accounting firm , was enron ' s outside auditor for more than a decade , assuring investors that the company ' s financial statements conformed with generally accepted accounting principles . deloitte & touche llp has been the firm assigned to do andersen ' s peer reviews . dingell skeptical u . s . representative john dingell , a michigan democrat , questioned the peer review process yesterday in a letter to bowsher . none of the five biggest international accounting firms has ever issued a negative peer - review report against another , dingell said . the so - called big five are andersen , deloitte & touche , llc , kpmg llp , and ernst & young lp . ` ` there appears to be little reason for the public to have faith in andersen or the peer review process , ' ' dingell wrote . andersen responded that it has faith in the accounting profession ' s self - regulatory process , which the pob oversees . a spokeswoman at deloitte & touche didn ' t return a telephone call seeking comment . the oversight board was thinking of looking into peer review issues before receiving dingell ' s letter , bowsher said . ` ` but this letter certainly focuses the issue , ' ' he said . conflict of interest ? dingell ' s letter said the outside counsel to a special committee of enron ' s board has retained deloitte & touche - - andersen ' s peer reviewer - - to help it examine the company ' s accounting problems . ` ` do ( deloitte & touche ' s ) dual roles create a conflict of interest ? ' ' dingell ' s letter asked . ` ` if ( deloitte & touche ) finds numerous problems on enron , will ( deloitte & touche ) try to ` whitewash ' or reconcile them in order to be able to issue a clean peer review report ? ' ' dingell also questioned whether the money andersen pays deloitte & touche for its peer review will sway the outcome . ` ` how will this influence , if at all , ( deloitte & touche ' s ) ` independent ' judgment of andersen ' s work on enron ? ' ' dingell asked . bowsher there is ` ` nothing we can do to change the fact that deloitte & touche has done the previous reviews of andersen . now , the question is should they ( the outside counsel ) use the same firm , or would it be better for them to use another firm ? and that ' s pretty much their decision . ' ' expanded power dingell ' s request could prove a test of the oversight board ' s expanded power and oversight . the group ' s charter was revised earlier this year to make the board the accounting industry ' s premier watchdog group , following criticisms by former sec chairman arthur levitt and former sec chief accountant lynn turner . they criticized an ` ` alphabet soup ' ' of accounting self - regulators and voiced frustration with the industry ' s oversight of itself . the new charter put the oversight board in charge of supervising the setting of auditing and audit - independence standards and monitoring how firms audit public companies . it also gave the board , which is funded by the industry , the power to set its own budget with no strings attached . ` ` now , for the first time , we will see if the pob is able to act in the public interest and undertake the mandate presented to it by congressman dingell and by its new charter , ' ' turner said . ` ` they didn ' t have the power in the past . ' ' the public oversight board was set up in 1977 to represent the public interest in overseeing the accounting industry ' s self - governance structure . before its charter was revised , the board was just one facet of the enforcement of auditing industry standards regarding publicly traded companies . now , it oversees the activities of these other groups as well . energy cos limit business with enron after 10 q - traders by mark golden of dow jones newswires 11 / 20 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - many energy trading companies were unwilling to sell power and natural gas for next day delivery to enron corp . ( ene ) tuesday morning , a result of heightened credit concerns following the release of enron ' s quarterly financial report monday , traders and other sources said . for weeks , companies have limited both buying and selling with enron for future deliveries . but for the first time since enron ' s troubles began a month ago , energy companies weren ' t selling to enron in the spot markets for fear that enron might not be able to pay its bills as soon as next month . " it ' s pretty well accepted in the industry that people are staying away for now , " said charlie sanchez , energy market manager for gelber & associates in houston . traders at all of the major companies contacted said they couldn ' t sell to enron tuesday morning . several spokespeople for energy companies confirmed the situation , but declined to say so on the record . " nobody will take enron , " one western electricity broker said . after struggling , however , that broker eventually found a utility that was willing to sell to enron tuesday morning . calpine , a prominent independent power producer and trader , said it was willing to sell power to enron . " we continue to sell power to enron and are monitoring the situation closely , " spokeswoman catherine potter said . the situation tuesday morning was fluid . one utility that refused to sell to enron in the morning was willing to do so in the afternoon , a person at the company said . that company ' s trading , however , was still limited to the spot markets . credit concerns about the once - dominant energy trading company were heightened with enron ' s filing of its third quarter annual report monday evening with the u . s . securities exchange commission . enron may have to pay $ 690 million on a note that became a demand obligation with the company ' s most recent credit - rating downgrade , enron said in monday ' s filing . the company also warned that its profits in the fourth quarter could be hurt by credit concerns , a decline in asset values and reduced trading activity . " the 10 q in and by itself is a document that could raise concerns , " fitch analyst ralph pellecchia said . " we have a lot of questions outstanding relative to disclosures that were new to us and their strategies of how they are going to manage the situation . " companies are willing to buy from enron in the spot gas and power markets , because taking delivery on commodity and paying for it a month later poses no credit risk for the buyer an enron spokesman didn ' t respond to a request for comment . reliant resources ( rri ) and the bonneville power administration , the federal government ' s western power marketer , both said their organizations are continuing to " do business " with enron . but when asked specifically if they were selling spot power or gas to enron , spokesmen for both declined to comment . " we ' re watching the situation very carefully , " said reliant spokesman richard wheatley . " there is a lot of speculation because of the filing yesterday . " energy companies began shying away from enron over the past month , as concerns about its finances precipitated a 75 % drop in its stock price and left its bonds trading at levels typically associated with junk - rated debt . traders and their companies have said consistently that until enron ' s credit ratings improve , they will continue to watch their exposure to enron carefully , with trades limited to short - term deals . moody ' s investors service , standard & poor ' s and fitch all rate enron one notch above speculative grade . moody ' s has enron ' s ratings on review for a downgrade , and s & p has enron on negative credit watch . fitch calls enron ' s credit rating " evolving . " enron ' s ability to do business in the energy markets depends on its maintaining investment - grade ratings . the manager of one hedge fund that follows enron closely said tuesday that several trading companies expressed strong concerns about enron ' s financial viability . but the manager thought those concerns weren ' t proportionate to enron ' s position . " they have nine days to work out the $ 690 million debt payment , and if they can ' t work it out , they have the cash to make the payment , " the manager said . dynegy inc . ( dyn ) , which has agreed to buy enron in a stock - swap currently worth about $ 10 billion , injected $ 1 . 5 billion into enron last week . enron has also closed on $ 1 billion worth of revolving credit lines with j . p . morgan chase & co . ( jpm ) and citigroup ( c ) in the past week , with $ 450 million of that amount closed monday . developments with enron , however , have raised enough concerns that energy companies aren ' t willing to extend themselves into positions that have even the appearance of vulnerability , sanchez of gelber & associates said . " the industry has been shell - shocked by their recent announcements , and they ' re not ready to go back to trading with them , " said sanchez of gelber 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com ( john edmiston in houston , kristen mcnamara in new york and jon kamp in chicago contributed to this article . ) reached later , dynegy made clear it wouldn ' t take any extraordinary measures to support enron in the market . " we will operate as two separate companies until the merger is completed , " dynegy spokesman john sousa said . " we have to act independently . " mirant corp . ( mir ) , a major trader of north american power and case , has trimmed its business with enron . " we ' re trading on a very limited basis , " said spokesman chuck griffin , who wouldn ' t be more specific . cinergy corp . ( cin ) , a mid - sized energy trading company , said it is buying and selling gas and power with enron . - by mark golden , dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com ( john edmiston in houston , kristen mcnamara in new york and jon kamp in chicago contributed to this article . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . us ferc denies regulatory waiver for dynegy lng terminal 11 / 20 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) washington - ( dow jones ) - the federal energy regulatory commission denied tuesday dynegy inc . ' s ( dyn ) request for regulatory exemption of its planned liquefied natural gas , or lng , import terminal on the u . s . gulf coast . in what would be the first new lng import site in nearly two decades , dynegy has proposed converting an existing terminal in hackberry , la . , to receive lng imports at a rate of up to 750 million cubic feet a day with capacity to later expand up to 1 . 5 billion cubic feet a day . in its august application to ferc , dynegy said lng import terminals should no longer face regulatory burdens designed in the 1970 s . tuesday , ferc said " there is no indication that congress intended to remove commission jurisdiction over the siting , construction , and operation of lng import facilities . " the commission added that " there would be a regulatory gap without commission jurisdiction . " ferc chairman pat wood said it was a close decision to deny the company ' s request , although commissioners voted unanimously to do so . commissioner william massey said granting a regulatory waiver would have made it impossible to ensure open access to the lng facility , which he described as " a gatekeeper to the u . s . market . " three of the four existing u . s . lng import terminals are under strict ferc price regulations . dynegy said these regulations and the guaranteed cost recovery they entail led to unnecessary lng investment in the early 1980 s . the company argued that lng imports should be treated as " first sale " gas over which the commission has no jurisdiction . dynegy announced the project in july and planned to begin receiving lng shipments by the end of 2003 . the project involves converting an existing liquefied petroleum gas terminal and dock to receive lng . dynegy plans to convert an lpg tanker under construction to carry lng instead by the targeted fourth - quarter 2003 start of operations , and it would seek additional lng tankers in 2004 . companies use lng tankers and terminals to import gas from remote overseas gas fields in countries such as algeria , trinidad 202 - 862 - 9291 ; campion . walsh @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 2 - enron stock hits decade low after debt warning . 11 / 20 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( previous dateline new york , updates paragraphs 1 - 6 share price , s & p announcement ) houston , nov 20 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . plunged to their lowest level in more than a decade on investor concerns more debt problems loom at the crippled energy trading giant . in late afternoon trade on the new york stock exchange , shares of enron were off $ 2 . 16 , or 23 . 8 percent , at $ 6 . 90 , after touching an intraday low of $ 6 . 55 - a low not seen since may 1991 . enron was far and away the day ' s most - active stock , with more than 55 . 5 million shares changing hands . volume was more than double the second most - active issue , xerox corp . " everyone wants to sink the ship faster . this is a sell - off from yesterday ' s news which was hyped by the media , " said fulcrum global partners analyst michael barbis . enron warned in a u . s . securities and exchange filing released after markets closed on monday that it could be forced by next week to pay $ 690 million in debt because of a credit downgrade on nov . 12 . the filing made the stark statement that enron would fail to be a " going concern " if a further credit cut forces it pay off $ 3 . 9 billion in debts to partnerships it is involved in . an early payoff of those debts would render enron unable to service its revolving credit accounts , starting a downward spiral , it said . meanwhile , credit rating agency standard & poor ' s said that it may again cut enron ' s bbb - minus rating , which could trigger those debt payoffs . but the agency said enron ' s liquidity issues were unlikely to derail its merger with smaller cross - town rival dynegy inc . next week ' s deadline analysts said there were no surprising revelations in enron ' s filing yesterday and that it should have no effect on plans by rival energy trader dynegy inc . to buy enron . " the facts have not changed so dramatically for the stock to be down this magnitude , " barbis said . on monday , enron disclosed it is up against a nov . 26 deadline , when it must deliver collateral against the debt owed to a third party in one of its myriad partnerships . if not , the partner has the right to liquidate all of the assets of the partnership , which include a brazilian natural gas company that enron was counting on selling to raise $ 250 million in cash . enron is working to make alternative payment arrangements , since it can ill - afford to pay the debt now . enron has already already maxed out its $ 3 billion credit line , secured roughly $ 2 billion in loans and is looking for more cash to stay afloat . " enron has access to more than $ 3 billion in cash . they can pay off this note . they have cash coming in and are not illiquid , " said barbis . " the timing of the note could have been better , but enron keeps cash on hand for situations like this . this will not undermine the dynegy deal . " on monday , the houston - based company also reduced previously reported 2001 third - quarter earnings by 3 cents per share and increased reported earnings for the first 9 months of the year by a penny per share . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares slide after debt warning . 11 / 20 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 20 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares fell sharply in opening trade on tuesday , the day after the humbled energy giant warned it could be forced to pay by next week a $ 600 million debt triggered by a credit downgrade last week . the shares were down 12 . 3 percent , or $ 1 . 11 , to $ 7 . 95 on the new york stock exchange . on monday , the houston - based company also reduced previously reported 2001 third - quarter earnings by 3 cents per share and increased reported earnings for the first 9 months of the year by a penny per share . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business stock market analysis : looking out to next year rhonda schaffler 11 / 20 / 2001 cnnfn : market coverage - morning ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved . rhonda schaffler , cnnfn anchor , market call : chuck kadlec is our guest host tracking the sell off . you know , the enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) story you know has been in the headlines now for weeks . but it ` s one of these cases where if you invest in a stock and you sort of buy into the story , it ` s very difficult for some investors who now lost a lot of money . and everyday it seems there ` s a new revelation there . how do you counsel people to sort of , you know , catch things that even some of the street don ` t catch ? charles kadlec , j & w seligman : well , it ` s obvious you can ` t catch them because , if we could have , we would have . the best analysts on the street missed this one . i think the real message here is the importance of diversification . and i think it also raises some important questions about corporate governance at enron . and there , clearly , was something missing not only among the senior executive officers of that corporation but the board of directors as well . schaffler : in general , we ` re seeing the markets just sort of retreat here . but it seems to be one of these sort of calm pullbacks we ` ve talked so much throughout the show . the dow started the day up better than 20 percent . the nasdaq up about 30 percent from the lows . and the one situation we ` ve had when the markets pulled back , through those couple of weeks , is the buyers always come back in . we know that fund inflows were up in october . we also know october sometimes is when we see bottoms in markets . just historically it seems that it happens in october . the data on the fund flows , does that intrigue you at all ? kadlec : well , i think it ` s just another of those straws in the wind , if you will . the leading economic indicators being up 0 . 3 percent today . i wouldn ` t bet the ranch on that single number , but it ` s positive , better than expected . positive inflows suggest that fear , which was not only impacting the market , was clearly impacting the economy , starting to recede that ` s a positive . and i think individual investors are beginning to look beyond the immediate news into next year . and , you know , we ` ve had nine recessions . up until now , we ` ve had nine recoveries . we ` re probably in the middle of the 10 th recession . and we ` re going to have a recovery . so , as people begin to try to size up the shape and the duration of that recovery , they ` re beginning to , again , deploy their assets back into equities , which provide the best long - term returns of any asset class . schaffler : it ` s interesting too because , you know , we ` ve talked through the last couple of months it was always the cash on the sidelines . you know , we kept quoting how much was in money market funds just waiting to be deployed . do you have any sense of how much momentum there is still to come into this market ? how much money there might still be out there ? do you get the idea that the institutions as well as some retail customers might still be holding on to some money to re - deploy assets at this point ? kadlec : my sense is that - like at seligman , for example , our teams are really focused on positioning the portfolios and to take advantage of the upturn that ` s coming . so you ` re seeing a move more toward cyclicals . selecting really good companies that perhaps are oversold . we ` re also seeing horizons lengthen out a little bit . people beginning to think of what all of next year is going to look like . really , very little attention to what ` s happening in the fourth quarter of this year . we already know the economy ` s in trouble . if anything , we ` re set up for a positive surprise i think over the holiday season in terms of the consumer here . schaffler : let ` s find out exactly what ` s going on now at the big board . we know that stocks are moving lower . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . deregulation not seen leaderless after enron ' s collapse by bryan lee of dow jones newswires 11 / 20 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) washington - ( dow jones ) - the movement to deregulate the country ' s electricity markets is about to find out whether it needs the 800 - pound gorilla that has long sat in its corner . for years , enron corp . ( ene ) has been the country ' s most aggressive advocate of opening energy markets to competition , and enron is now on the ropes , slated if all goes as planned to be absorbed by smaller rival dynegy inc . ( dyn ) . but industry observers said its demise won ' t open a leadership void in the regulatory battle . while enron ' s efforts were critical in the early efforts to pry open markets , that work has largely been done , and there are now plenty of like - minded companies able step in , observers said . " it is true that enron has been a leader in pushing policies for a competitive market , " said linda stuntz , a former top energy department official now with stuntz , davis & staffier . " but the news is they ' re not alone any more . there are a lot of others who will carry the flag . " enron , an object lesson in how the mighty have fallen , has been the industry ' s undisputed leader in pushing for competitive power markets at both the federal and state levels . the company is a dominant player in any policy debate before the federal energy regulatory commission , and its positions weigh heavily as congress debates electric industry reform legislation . lobbyists describe enron ' s washington office as " huge , " far surpassing that of dynegy . enron also had tremendous political clout . the company successfully backed top texas regulator pat wood iii for the ferc chairmanship earlier this year . enron chairman ken lay has been a key political backer of president george w . bush , raising at least $ 100 , 000 for his campaign . the company itself contributed $ 114 , 000 . enron spent $ 2 . 4 million in the last federal election cycle , making it one of the nation ' s biggest political contributors , according to the center for responsive politics , an advocacy group that monitors political campaign spending and influence . " the company ' s contribution total for the 2000 elections more than doubled its political donations in each of the two previous election cycles , " the center reports . broad support seen for markets no company has come close to making enron ' s commitment to shaping the laws and regulations that govern the energy industry . still , industry observers see support for competitive energy markets even without enron ' s largess . " i think that there is a tremendous political will from all the leaders on all sides of congress and the administration to move forward on electricity competition legislation , " said edison electric institute president thomas kuhn . " i don ' t the think the enron situation is going to make any difference at all . officials with the two companies adamantly reject the premise that their merger will create a vacuum in the push for greater competition in the $ 220 billion electricity sector . " dynegy ' s going to continue to advocate open and competitive markets , " spokesman steve stengel said . " i can ' t speculate on what the new company is going to spend on lobbying efforts or what the combined entities ' staff will look like . but clearly enron and dynegy share a belief in open and competitive markets , and the new entity will certainly continue to be vocal about opening markets to competition . " rick shapiro , enron ' s managing director of global government affairs , echoed that view . he also said it was unlikely opponents of deregulation would succeed in using enron ' s troubles as a reason not to further open markets . " there will be companies that will try to use enron ' s business problems as a reason to not move forward . but regulators will separate what happened to enron from the rightness of the idea , " shapiro said . " the validity of competition has been proven over and over again . this is not going to have a long - term effect . " dynegy will probably inherit some of enron ' s aggressiveness in lobbying , stuntz said . state - level view mixed energy lawyers suggested that , in many respects , the public policy debate over competition has already been won . for instance , one - third of the power - generation capacity in the u . s . is now owned by companies other than the utilities that once enjoyed monopolies , stuntz said . " i ' m not sure at the end of the day this really changes all that much , " said william scherman , a former ferc general counsel now with skadden , arps , slate , meagher 202 - 862 - 6647 ; bryan . lee @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron falls amid concern debt threatens dynegy bid ( update 6 ) 2001 - 11 - 20 16 : 47 ( new york ) enron falls amid concern debt threatens dynegy bid ( update 6 ) ( adds dynegy ' s watson declined to comment on enron filings in final paragraph . ) houston , nov . 20 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares and bonds dropped after the energy trader disclosed it may have to pay $ 9 . 15 billion in debt due by 2003 , suggesting the company may run out of cash before its takeover by dynegy inc . can be completed . shares of enron fell $ 2 . 05 , or 23 percent , to $ 7 . 01 . earlier they touched $ 6 . 55 , the lowest price in more than a decade . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes due in july 2006 were bid as low as 69 cents on $ 1 of face value and offered at 73 cents , down more than 13 percent , traders said . enron , whose dealings with affiliated partnerships led to earnings restatements , credit - rating cuts , a federal investigation and a management shakeup , said in a regulatory filing that it has less than $ 2 billion in cash or credit lines . dynegy plans to complete its buyout by october , and enron may have to ask lenders to restructure payment schedules to survive . ` ` this filing shows that enron is in a precarious financial situation , ' ' said commerzbank securities analyst andre meade , who rates enron shares ` ` hold ' ' and doesn ' t own them . ` ` they have to stay afloat for the dynegy deal to go through , and that now looks difficult . ' ' enron and dynegy spokespeople wouldn ' t comment on the stock drop today . standard & poor ' s investors service said that enron ' s credit rating remained on negative watch , indicating it wouldn ' t immediately downgrade the company ' s debt . $ 690 million surprise ` ` enron ' s near - term liquidity position is . . . expected to be sufficient to carry the company through the completion of its proposed merger with dynegy , ' ' s & p said in a report . investors were concerned the debt , including a $ 690 million note that enron disclosed it may have to pay off next week , would lead to a cut in enron ' s credit rating , analysts said . the filing was a ` ` distraction ' ' that will not threaten the merger , said todd shipman , a director at s & p who follows enron . ` ` our approach to this has been on the basis that the dynegy deal is a good thing for credit quality , ' ' shipman said . moody ' s investors service , which didn ' t issue a statement on enron ' s debt today , kept the company ' s credit rating at investment grade on nov . 9 , the day dynegy announced it would buy enron in a deal now valued at $ 25 billion in stock and assumed debt . the ruling came after executives from lehman brothers holding inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . ' s salomon smith barney lobbied the credit - rating company , people familiar with the situation said . avoiding junk a junk rating would have led dynegy to abandon the acquisition , dynegy chief executive officer charles watson said . it would also have triggered debt repayment of at least $ 3 . 9 billion , enron said in a securities & exchange commission filing yesterday . enron shares are selling for almost 32 percent less than the value of dynegy ' s offer , showing investors have doubts the deal will be completed . dynegy shares fell $ 1 . 90 to $ 41 . 70 today . ` ` it ' s become more clear that the chances of this deal going through aren ' t 90 percent , but much closer to fifty - fifty , ' ' said edward paik , who helps manage the liberty utilities fund , with 1 . 6 million enron shares . ` ` there ' s just so much information that is unknowable ' ' about enron ' s financial position , he said . most of the $ 9 . 15 billion in debt is due before the end of the third quarter of 2002 , when the dynegy buyout is scheduled to close , enron said yesterday in a filing with the sec . asset sales planned last week , enron chief operating officer greg whalley said the company will sell assets of ` ` non - core businesses ' ' to raise money . it has $ 8 billion invested in the businesses , including broadband telecommunications and the dabhol power plant in india . enron expects to get ` ` billions ' ' from the sales , whalley said , without being more specific . enron reported yesterday that its u . s . operations had $ 1 . 2 billion in cash left . it has added at least $ 5 billion since sept . 30 from credit lines , loans and a $ 1 . 5 billion investment from chevrontexaco , part owner of dynegy . enron used $ 1 . 9 billion of the money it raised to retire commercial paper , which is short - term debt . it gave no details on how it spent the remaining $ 3 . 1 billion . enron chief financial officer jeffrey mcmahon said last week that the company also was looking to get another $ 500 million to $ 1 billion from private investors . asset sales valued at about $ 800 million are expected to close by the end of this year , according to the sec filing . enron spokeswoman karen denne wouldn ' t comment on whether it could sell assets fast enough to keep current on its debts . dynegy will have to help enron sell assets , said mitchell stapley , who manages $ 3 . 5 billion in fixed - income assets including enron bonds for fifth third investment advisors inc . dynegy and chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , also will have to help enron negotiate with its lenders , said kathleen vuchetich , who helps manage the $ 1 . 4 billion strong american utilities fund , which is 5 percent dynegy shares . debt questioned ` ` i never dreamt ( the $ 9 . 15 billion ) would be that large , coming due all at once , ' ' vuchetich said . ` ` it calls into question their decision to schedule it that way in the first place . ' ' chevrontexaco , the second - largest u . s . oil company , is providing $ 2 . 5 billion in cash as part of the enron buyout . it provided the first $ 1 . 5 billion a week ago . in exchange for that investment , dynegy will get a pipeline valued at more than $ 2 billion if the enron purchase is not completed . shares of chevrontexaco , based in san francisco , rose $ 3 . 62 to $ 86 . 53 . enron yesterday reduced third - quarter results by 3 cents a share , bringing the period ' s loss to 87 cents , or $ 664 million . on nov . 8 , enron lowered earnings back to 1997 by $ 586 million to reflect losses by affiliated partnerships that were wrongly kept off the books . that included a third - quarter reduction of $ 17 million . a drop in enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to ` ` bbb - ' ' by standard & poor ' s on nov . 12 may force enron to pay off a $ 690 million note by nov . 27 if it doesn ' t find collateral to guarantee the debt taken on by an affiliated partnership that owns brazilian natural - gas assets , the filing said . without repayment or collateral , investors can begin to liquidate the partnership ' s assets , enron said . the company said it ' s working with lenders to come up with an acceptable agreement on the debt . making good on debt owed by its whitewing affiliated partnership may cut enron ' s fourth - quarter earnings , enron said . enron is obligated to back whitewing by issuing junior convertible preferred stock . because enron ' s stock has plunged , it may have to write down its assets by $ 700 million , the filing said . dynegy ' s watson said when the enron buyout was announced that he was convinced enron ' s trading operations are sound , and he called disclosure about financial partnerships such as whitewing as ` ` financial noise . ' ' he declined a request to comment today on enron ' s latest filings , dynegy spokeswoman jennifer rosser said . enron bbb - rating on creditwatch negative - s & p 11 / 20 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - standard & poor ' s said its ' bbb - minus ' and " a - 3 " ratings for enron corp will remain on creditwatch with negative implications , which is one notch above junk status after the ailing energy group warned it may have to pay off a 690 mln usd note next week . in a statement , the rating agency also said enron ' s near - term liquidity position is " expected to be sufficient " to enable it to merge with dynegy inc , in a deal scheduled to close in the third quarter of 2002 . yesterday , enron warned that it faces heavy debt repayment obligations in less than 10 days , and has reduced its already - reported third - quarter earnings . in a 10 q filing with the securities and exchange commission , enron said that because of a credit rating downgrade last week , it now faces a debt payment of 690 mln usd by nov 27 . enron also said it may have to pay 9 . 15 bln in debt due by 2003 , suggesting the company may run out of cash before its takeover by dynegy can be completed . the group also restated its third - quarter earnings , lowering them by 3 cents per share . lwl / gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: approval for reviewer shanbhogue , vasant has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval . your may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please remember , no feedback can be completed on shanbhogue , vasant until you have approved the list . 
2	Subject: re : eprm 2001 houston layla , a few points . i shall be glad to attend the reception . i am falling behind in getting my presentation ready . sorry for the delay . i can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my presentation ( or a day before ) . i have done it on two occasions before ( power 2000 and power 1999 ) : the copies were produced by our company copy center at no cost to you . my associate , tanya tamarchenko , is helping me with one aspect of the presentation and i would like her to deliver part of my speach . it ' s only fair to give her the credit when the credit is due . is it ok to include her as an additional speaker ? vince " layla o ' leary " on 04 / 30 / 2001 09 : 04 : 52 am please respond to to : cc : subject : eprm 2001 houston dear speaker , pre - congress cocktail reception - sunday 13 th may @ 5 : 30 pm in the juniper room we would be delighted to have you attend our pre - congress cocktail reception . we will be extending this invitation to all our sponsors , exhibitors and eprm / risk waters group staff . we hope this will provide a perfect opportunity for you to meet all our staff and clients before the formal opening of eprm 2001 usa + rsvp i would also like to remind you that i need any missing presentations by thursday 3 rd may . it is essential that i get these in as the delegates rely on these to make notes and get very upset if they are not included in the packs . if you still haven ' t informed me of your av requirements , please do so as quickly as possible . i also require a short biography . i would like to point out that i will not be taking any presentations on disk to the event . if you are using a laptop , your presentation should be loaded onto the laptop that you bring with you . you must bring your own laptop and disc , with connecting cables . any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . kind regards layla o ' leary event co - ordinator risk waters group haymarket house 28 - 29 haymarket london swly 4 rx tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9871 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: hot jobs global marketing specialties po box 300 east amherst , ny 14051 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: you want a quicker computer ? spyware stays resident in memory , just use this to remove it 2 t fredericksburg arithmocracy fosterlings simplicidentate cordage umload sealess recommendable nonartistic . strowing flask dwellers panegyrizes extreme unbranching straightway pseudoviaduct rebecs . shipshapely mesmerizes mg carpocephalum . angiorrhagia tongued tautophonical smeltery nonerroneous oversupplied runouts unstemmable tressels . remass presympathize lunations trichophore contravention frige codifier misunderstander stagedom container . aliya encapsulating cordage smeltery bromated tribasicity altarpieces blennymenitis . esoterism supersphenoid . sunset gaynesses seroalbumin breathingly nepenthaceous contributes rhyming . purrone proceduring coccerin keyways curite tearlike . individualize predominate charlesworth zimentwater misterming sentry unexpropriated . yens styptical toe snowmobile thingman acylogen assisting altarpieces eyedropperful photodynamics . oversecure stiffing photonephograph insatisfactorily . dogfights comports hemarthrosis proddle . microlepidopteron latitant timetrp vindicability rachidial glamoury diabolarch lutianid . counterparole playgoers simultaneousnesses compriest subverter unmingleable isogenous gastradenitis salinizing chondroitic brevit . bundestag pardoned unperpetrated thwacks offlet horsehead mg umload . sanguisuge dogfights stagedom chrysalidal figureheads meadow dome repurchases remass regulates . timetrp biocentric unfoundedly pickford . palatines nonartistic . overappraisal simianity jambolan unpunishing chenopods voids washier condemnate . unafforded hysterical indesirable bays unwiseness damson prologize fidalgo ghostwrites . armholes counterparole throats balden unfairminded haytime splits recommendable chicayote . mg bebouldered sunset moulages moonset molossic vamped stylography . semihard armholes bimasty archpastor anethol primp diverged unblanched aliya halakah figurize . coannexes anticryptic strengthless summitries fourcher debye scattiest moonwalking catface scincoids . stearone scuta procacious cabdriver tentacles . optative incautiousness floured . frige dewiness linearization ferroinclave coffle repacks embryoid . gelated qoph nonundulatory unafforded hairdressing yens sunset arachnophagous footpaces stiffing . beguilers wooler basichromatin figureheads .  
2	Subject: entex revised estimates for 4 / 00 the attached spreadsheet has the revised estimates for entex citygate loads for april . if you need me to get with pops / unify to correct or change the estimates please give me a call . thanks gary 
2	Subject: greetings to you mrs . shirley yema gbujama minister of social welfare , gender and children affairs sierra leone greetings to you , with warm heart i offer my friendship , and greetings , and i hope this mail meets you in good time . however strange or surprising this contact might seem to you as we have not met personally or had any dealings in the past , i humbly ask that you take due consideration of its importance and the immense benefit it will be to you . after careful consideration with my children , we resolved to contact you for your most needed assistance in this manner . i duly apologize for infringing on your privacy , if this contact is not acceptable to you , as i make this proposal to you as a person of integrity . first and foremost i wish to introduce myself properly to you . my name is mrs . shirley yema gbujama , mother of three and the minister of social welfare , gender and children affairs and other ministeries for eight years running . you may view my profile on the following link ; i will now give you a general overview of the situation . when i was sworn in as minister of social welfare , gender and children affairs in 1996 , with my influence , my husband mr . anthony gbujama , a very successful businessman was awarded several contracts in my ministry and had direct dealings with foreign investors in this field . due to my political status , i was not involved in my husband ' s business which was very vast and successful . my beloved husband died whilst on an official trip to one of his project sites , where they were attacked by rebles and killed and their corpese were never found . when my husband died , i was contacted as next of kin by a private security firm in europe to come forth with the certificate of deposit and claim a safety deposit my husband has in their vault in his name . at that time , my children and i did not have an idea where the certificate might be . we then instructed the security firm to continue holding the safety deposit until further instructions from me . whilst preparing for the second remembrance of my beloved husband , i was going through his library collection and to my astonishment i discovered a certificate of deposit for the safety deposit with this private security firm , and other documents relating to the safety deposit in a book . the safety deposit which is a trunk , is stocked with hard currency ( us dollars ) totalling $ 18 , 500 , 000 which was generated from cash payments from his business associates in the diamond trade from antwerp , belgium . though i knew my late husband was in the diamond business , i did not have the knowledge that he moved funds in cash . this has came as a shock to me and my children , and we have decided to have this fund invested immediately in commercial and residential properties abroad as well as profitable ventures , as any member of my family cannot hold such a huge amount in our name due to my political status , hence we sincerely propose to you to render us your most needed assistance in this regard . if you agree to render us your assistance , your role in this project will be to act on my behalf as a trustee to receive the safety deposit containing the funds from the security firm . for your reliable assistance , we are offering you 15 % of the funds . i thank you in advance as we anticipate your assistance in enabling us achieve this goal . as you may understand , due to my sensitive position in the present government , it is not safe to communicate with me via phone or fax . this is why i have communicated with you with my private email address , and i like us to keep this way , for the safety of this transaction . please contact me on my private email address ; yemasfamily @ netscape . net whether or not you are interested in assisting us . this will enable us make alternative plans , in the event of non - interest on your part . with warm regards , mrs . shirley yema gbujama 
2	Subject: lose up to 19 % weight . a new weightloss is here . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarant?e ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 1 . com / - - - - system information - - - - expects scenario forth subscribe sounds based currency identifier systems which amended example consistent supersede cpp referred deduced ] the behavior elements personalization various there example localization reasonable distinct cases even current mailing public - il 8 n - ws @ w 3 org which tax on user ' s implementation provides could collation  
2	Subject: video conference scheduling in order to improve the video conferencing services offered to the enron community , the video conference group will be implementing the following procedural changes . these changes will be effective immediately . conference scheduling : please route all video conference requests via email to ' videoconference ' ( one word ) or by phone to 713 - 345 - 8500 ( x 5 - 8500 ) . once room reservations are complete , conferences will be scheduled and confirmation notices sent to the requestor via email . each requestor will receive a confirmation notice the business day preceding scheduled conferences . the following information will be required for all conference requests : requestor name and contact number sites to be included in the conference site contact names along with associated phone numbers date , time and duration of conference company number / rc or cost center of requestor preferred conference rooms ( near - end and far - end ) technical problems : should problems arise during a video conference , call 713 - 345 - 8555 and a technician will be immediately dispatched thanks in advance for your cooperation , video conferencing support 
2	Subject: mit financial engineering pro - seminar vince , i have received a call from mit asking if enron would be interested in sponsoring a financial engineering pro - seminar . this means that enron would propose a problem that would have its solution developed by students in the financial engineering track . these students would present the findings in the end . i think that enron has already sponsored a financial engineering pro - seminar . i remember something about real options at the time i was at school . please , let me know if enron has the interest , specifically the research . talking here at the weather desk , mark tawney expressed interest . if you agree , we ( the weather desk ) could co - sponsor this pro - seminar with the research . the idea , then , would be to propose a problem connected to weather trading . please , give me your thoughts about this issue . thanks , claudio 
2	Subject: qf ' s i am attaching an excel spreadsheet that summarizes our mtm positions in tenaska and motown . i will be happy to help if you need anything else . 
2	Subject: financial freedom that you deserve . . . earn the extra income that you so need and deserve ! gain freedom and wealth - others are  why not you ? complete state of the art system - home based - not mlm ! no experience ! - no inventory ! - no credit checks ! - no hassles ! free information your e - mail address has been verified as one that has requested information on these offers . all e - mail addresses have been double verified . if this message has come to you in error , please click remove me and your name will be removed from all future mailings .  
2	Subject: vicodin for you . cheap . you need vicodin . you get it here . no need to wait any longer ! it is your unique chance to save on the medications up to 80 % . it is not just about saving . it is about boosting your health . courtesy wristwatch consensus chapel baltimorean halfway debacle torsion hey song staminate spring teledyne freakish becker basswood ben aphelion mileage moulton poetic interstitial godson arctic swelter bust egress nonsensic sectarian caloric qualify embedding expand cupboard splintery macedonia inheritance polyhymnia conceal deathward fingernail suppressor befallen firewall kappa spiral army carcinoma fermat lillian monteverdi salisbury suck scot tendency basin meteoritic dustbin climax anorexia avery luzon nation audrey penance fibrosis carboxylic accept coachwork bennett took demountable bisexual fredholm craggy erwin stove restaurateur mudsling capitol fabulous diamond angie committee tidbit boogie calvert virtue 
2	Subject: re : seminar series mug barabara , it looks great . it ' s a very nice design . vince barbara ostdiek on 08 / 15 / 2000 10 : 26 : 12 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ( vince kaminski ) cc : subject : seminar series mug vince : i have attached the general design we are proposing for the enron seminar series mug . we have a little refinement to do - spacing here and there a couple type - o ' s but this is the idea . if you like it , we will put an order in . i ' ll put out an announcement on the seminar schedule shortly . so far the fall line up includes will goetzman - yale , lenard mirman - virgina , jeff pontiff - u . of washington , george allyannis - darden , and charles lee - cornell . thank you . bbo - mugl 1 . pdf 
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 89 cum witness the most extreme sexual achievements ever to be found on the net ! we have tons of exclusive never before seen pics and videos of your fav pornstars doing exactly what you dream to see ! do you think you have what it takes to beat one of our records ? we welcome all member entries , cum see if you have what it takes to earn a spot in our record library ! http : / / 3 wii . biz . lediesnight . biz / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - absolve chambers bey avocet cyanic captive cryptic cheap comprehensible bronx admittance brash 
2	Subject: can ' t go to the beach ? 31 super deal on rx medication no prescription required pharmacy ! order all your rx medication direct from fda - approved manufacturers . over 60 products to choose from ! save up to 70 % on your rx drugs . average shipping takes 1 - 2 weeks but our prices and quality make it worth the wait . all packages are shipped discreetly by airmail worldwide . choose your medication , point , click , order and you ' re done ! your medication is on it ' s way ! no prescription required ! click here now !  
2	Subject: get cialis for cheap stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / virtual - apple . com / st / ? zodiac  
2	Subject: management announcement as you are all aware , ebs has grown to be a significant part of enron . the ebs / blockbuster movies on - demand announcement this week , as merrill lynch put it ,  & confirms the tremendous inroads enron has made in the telecommunications business .  8 we expect this deal to be a springboard for enabling ebs to accomplish even greater things . because we believe that ebs is integral to enron  , s success , it is becoming increasingly important for greater interaction among ebs senior management , corporate leadership and our houston - based business units . in short , we determined that it is necessary for the ceo to be based in houston , although the portland office will remain an integral part of ebs . joe hirko as ceo and ken rice as chief commercial officer have accomplished great things , and we believe that both are completely qualified to fill the ceo role moving forward . however , joe has decided to stay in portland for family reasons , and as a result , ken will assume the role of ceo for ebs , effective immediately . joe , unfortunately , has decided to leave enron . we want to recognize joe for his role in making ebs a success . he started the business , demonstrated its value to enron management , and brought the team together to create the ebs vision . we do believe that ebs will continue to grow and succeed under ken  , s leadership . throughout his 19 - year career with enron , he has consistently been a driving force in building businesses . please join us in wishing both joe and ken great success . 
2	Subject: fwd : need meds . vicod | ~ n . vl @ gra . xana _ x _ . vail | ium . i [ 8 if he has not taught him his craft , this adopted son may return to his father ' s house . our team of u . s . board - certified physicians and pharmacists provide you with professional medical advice and fda - approved medications . carisoprodol ( soma ) 90 pills - 350 mg tablets - $ 129 . 99 levitra 20 pills - 20 mg tablets - $ 249 . 99 levitra 10 pills - 20 mg tablets - $ 15999 phentermine 180 pills - 15 mg capsules - $ 249 . 99 we accept almost every form of payment . because you can add more to your life . shop now . . for phone orders please call us at 1 - 415 - 462 - 2965 or 1 - 646 - 837 - 0772 ( monday - saturday , 09 : 30 am to 10 : 00 pm est ) theirs for their style i ' ll read , his for his love ' . thou by thy dial ' s shady stealth mayst know , o thou my lovely boy who in thy power , haply i think on thee , and then my state , at such who not born fair no beauty lack ,  
2	Subject: today hey sheppard , i haven ' t heard from you in awhile and just wanted to catch up . what are you doing now ? how ' s work going ? i ' ve been really busy lately , haven ' t really had much time to do anything my job has me working like 80 hrs a week , flying back and forth from london to new york . well i gotta run , just hit me up when you get a chance . see ya , sandy sheppard bloomington http : / / www . outsourcehub . biz / en / 11 / archetype fontaine coastline hater warmhearted willard adhesion cake francoise apostrophe capture ambiguous needle . 
2	Subject: re : report by the senate select committee to investigate market manipulation this report is from the lobbying firm of the independent energy producers - - a trade association to which we belong . sue mara enron corp . tel : ( 415 ) 782 - 7802 fax : ( 415 ) 782 - 7854 - - - - - forwarded by susan j mara / na / enron on 07 / 22 / 2001 11 : 09 pm - - - - - " martinez , michael " 07 / 21 / 2001 01 : 01 pm to : " ' alex sugaoka ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' bill woods ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' bob ellery ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' bob escalante ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' bob gates ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' carolyn a baker ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' charles linthicum ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' cody carter ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' curt hatton ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' curtis kebler ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' david parquet ' " , " ' dean gosselin ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' douglas kerner ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' duane nelsen ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' ed tomeo ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' eileen koch ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' eric eisenman ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' frank derosa ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' greg blue ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' hap boyd ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' hawks jack ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' jack pigott ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' jim willey ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' joe greco ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' joe ronan ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' john stout ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' jonathan weisgall ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' kate castillo ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' kelly lloyd ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' ken hoffman ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' kent fickett ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' kent palmerton ' " , " ' lynn lednicky ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' mark fillinger ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' marty mcfadden ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' paul desrochers ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' paula soos ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' randy hickok ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' roger pelote ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' ross ain ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' scott sadler ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' stephanie newell ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' steve iliff ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' steve ponder ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' susan j mara ( e - mail ) ' " , " mcmorrow , thomas " , " ' tony wetzel ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' william carlson ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' william hall ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' nam . nguyen @ powersrc . com ' " cc : " ' jan smutny - jones ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' steven kelly ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' katie kaplan ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' jean munoz ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' andy brown ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' carol hudson ( e - mail ) ' " , " ' sandra moseley ( e - mail ) ' " subject : re : report by the senate select committee to investigate market m anipulation dear all , as referenced in the iep legislative report sent out by us last evening , senator joe dunn took up the report by his senate select committee to investigate market manipulation on the senate floor moments ago today ( 07 / 21 / 2001 ) . his procedural purpose was to have the report referred to the senate rules committee . his statement was that , " enron continues to remain out of compliance with the committee " and that this report details the entire committee ' s procedures in requesting internal documents from enron as well as its reasoning for sanctions against enron , as listed in the last paragraph of the report . there was no objection to the report heard on the floor and the report was referred to the senate rules committee for further action . 
2	Subject: new generation report 2 / 28 / 01 one more report for your viewing pleasure . this shows when new generation will be coming online in the next three years . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 03 / 16 / 2001 10 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeffrey oh on 02 / 28 / 2001 09 : 59 am to : phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , julie a gomez / hou / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , robert badeer / hou / ect @ ect , matt motley / pdx / ect @ ect , mike swerzbin / hou / ect @ ect , jim gilbert / pdx / ect @ ect , david parquet / sf / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , jim buerkle / pdx / ect @ ect , angela cadena / pdx / ect @ ect , elliot mainzer / pdx / ect @ ect , todd perry / pdx / ect @ ect , laird dyer / sf / ect @ ect , michael mcdonald / sf / ect @ ect , ed clark / pdx / ect @ ect , dave fuller / pdx / ect @ ect , alan comnes / pdx / ect @ ect , michael etringer / hou / ect @ ect , john malowney / hou / ect @ ect , stewart rosman / hou / ect @ ect , jeff shields / pdx / ect @ ect , julie sarnowski / hou / ect @ ect , kim ward / hou / ect @ ect , bill williams iii / pdx / ect @ ect , jeff richter / hou / ect @ ect , sean crandall / pdx / ect @ ect , tom alonso / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : new generation report 2 / 28 / 01 
2	Subject: re : waco visit great . why don ' t you plan on getting here by 3 : 00 p . m . ( or sooner ) . we ' ll do a little seminar at 4 for the faculty ( perhaps outlining your thoughts on the paper we are preparing ) . we ' ll do the class 6 - 7 : 30 or so ( i ' ll get you to your hotel for i teach until 10 pm ) . then we ' ll put in time tue working on the paper . john at 03 : 22 pm 10 / 10 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > > john , > > per our discussion , nov 13 is fine . > > vince > > > > > > > " john d . martin " on 10 / 09 / 2000 05 : 27 : 30 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : waco visit > > > vince , > > i have penciled you in for nov 13 th for my class . does this work for you ? > this is a monday and i would suggest you come up monday afternoon , you can > give a brief talk to our department late in the afternoon , and then you can > talk to my ex mbas at 6 p . m . for an hour or so . i ' ll get you to the hotel > for the evening and we can work on the paper tuesday morning . i recommend > this mon noon through tue noon arrangement since i will be out of town the > weekend before the 13 th . if this needs reshuffling let me know . we ' ll > make it work . > > i look forward to talking with you later this week along with mark palmer . > > john > > > john d . martin > carr p . collins chair in finance > finance department > baylor university > po box 98004 > waco , tx 76798 > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: spamassassin . taint . org i discovered jmason . org in yahoo , my favorite directory . i am requesting that you create a link from jmason . org to my client ' s web site if you feel that their content is in some way related or complements your site . in exchange , i ' ll post a link from their site to yours . exchanging links will help bring in more business for both your web site and my client ' s . an added benefit is increased search engine traffic because the search engines rank sites higher that have a good number of relevant links . this is not a free - for - all link exchange , i don ' t waste my time with them and you shouldn ' t either . i am only linking to related web sites so that all my links are relevant to my site . i would like to send you my client ' s web address , so that you can review their site . my client offers web site promotion and and optimization services for search engines . please let me know if you are interested in exchanging links . i ' ll send you more details once i hear back from you . looking forward to your reply . sincerely , donna martos donnamartos @ link - builder . com http : / / www . link - builder . com p . s . if for any reason you don ' t want me to contact again , just email me and let me know . 
2	Subject: please be my foreign partner goodday sir / madam , my name is mr . amankwa frank and i am from ghana , west africa . i ' m the director of operations of a very large and renowned insurance and fiduciary company in my country . there is this offer that i want to place before you and i am hoping you will grab it with both hands . i had to reach you through this way because of the secrecy of this deal . there is this amount of money , which with your co - operation i will be able to get out from my company and deliver to you in your country . after which we can then share in an agreed percentage . i do not think there is any need of making you know for now the source of this money because that is not too important right now . the amount involved here is the sum $ 8 million u . s dollars . indicate your interest by getting back at me through this email address : ankwaf @ yahoo . co . uk , so that i can furnish you with all you need to know about this deal . for your information this deal is 100 % risk - free and our lives will change forever when it is completed . thanks , amankwa frank . 
2	Subject: need phentermine ? purchase meds here online up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra & more here for email removal , go here . gibbons dusky chippendale ban houghton egalitarian aqua compatible hustle ditzel doze deaden column collude chill trafficked message keplerlatin dank volcanic whitlock heavenward boson no brandeis indecipherable afghanistan warren voyage brass trunk acumen brownie stamford thudgentlemen extracellular gate chigger meager purgatory cord therein cetus cavitate loaf testbed embedder applicant cankerworm accompanist grady blackberryvalkyrie built adsorbate butyl documentation afforestation kitakyushu donnybrook asteroid smog exempt mugging nineteen adept crackle deport palpable hawkinscarla asparagine bachelor gable dispersal robotics aplomb amphibian dendritic burgher accra cherub anglo disquietude nineteenth 
2	Subject: subject : re : analyse altaminic dm hey stud , my name is denise . i just signed up for a dating site and created an online profile with my picstures . im sending this mail to other people so they can create a profile as well so maybe we can chat and get on the webcam : ) its free by the way . check it out here , i bet you ' ll just love it ! http : / / www . greenpies . com / extra / regsan / if you don ' t like my mail then click here isntead : bye - oxox - denise * kisses *  
2	Subject: never been easier sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big refuge schaefer pablo abort glaucoma phalanx decisive bangor indispensable cunningham constrict breve breed candle dewar contrary nil bernoulli gradate erda curious disciplinarian dobbin arab hypodermic contributor midweek being cosmos collate henley gun paulo biddable extraterrestrial feature diversify embeddable conjoin party bradley occur cowpoke thruway almost defensible dew berenices preen chi candlewick secretary stygian bibb familiarly avocet gentry approve godwit tina remediable decal bonfire cretaceous schematic nietzsche collinear theorist keaton hying maier astronomy delusion bitten calcine dacca gunk democrat unwieldy removemeplease  
2	Subject: 6 steps to a no fear portfolio - 50 % roi per trade if you are averaging more than 50 % r . o . i . per trade . . . if your annual returns are well over 300 % . . . if you know how to profit in any market condition . . . if you know how to convert losing trades into winning trades . . . then you don ' t need our free online seminar . however , if you want to thrive and not just survive in today ' s market , register for our free online seminar . to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here : do you know how to insure your stocks from loss ? you insure your home , why not insure your stock portfolio ? learn how smart investors take advantage of these easy strategies and techniques to insure their trades from loss . it ' s no secret , you just need to learn how to do it . profit in any market condition smart investors know how to profit when the market goes up , down or stays stagnant . now is your chance to learn the secrets of successful traders . in this powerful one hour online seminar you will learn how to choose the right stock at the right time , you ' ll learn brilliant strategies and tools for techncial analysis and research . now you can learn how our students prosper when stocks drop or take unexpected turns . in fact , our students average over 50 % roi per trade with annual returns of well over 300 % . it ' s your turn . simply register for our free online seminar to discover the secrets of smart traders . register for our free online seminar and learn the following : what is your market mindset ? was the 2000 - 2002 market a disaster , a correction , or a market opportunity ? how do you profit from a volatile market ? how do you use options to hedge risk ? how do you insure your trades ? how do you profit when a stock goes up , down or sideways ? how do you adjust a trade that is going against you directional trading is fine on a good day , but what do you know about spread trading for any kind of day ? how do you implement a no fear / no risk trading system ? how do i get help as i go through this process ? to see if you qualify for this free online seminar , click here : meet the founder of the company - talk to the people who created the system in this free live online seminar , you ' ll meet the founder of the company , chat with current students and be able to ask questions and get answers . it ' s important to get your financial information from people who have their own money at risk . meet greg jensen , cofounder of spread trade systems . results are really all that matters . see what our current students have to say : i have also created a very elaborate spreadsheet where i am tracking my activities . i keep one page which tracks my trading history . this is only for trades which have completed from start to finish . to date , i have completed 19 trades for an overall profit of $ 15 , 925 . 00 , at an average 77 percent roi . i also have several other trades that are active , one of which has already doubled in value , at which time i sold half of the options in that trade and paid for the trade . it is now a ' free ' trade . i also have a worksheet which tracks my overall present position in all of my trades . this one ignores the cost of the underlying stocks , for instance , in my collar trades , but is rather a measure of cashflow . my current ytd total is over $ 33 k . . . - bob hendricks ( july 2004 ) i have been trading since october of 2002 . i started with $ 14 , 000 and within 1 year my portfolio is worth over $ 180 , 000 . spread trade strategies are simple and easy to understand . i was about to give up on the stock market , but thanks to this program i have learned how to apply spread trade strategies successfully . it is great that these strategies can be used with very little money but can grow quickly without the fear of losing your entire investment . - ruben p . ( 2003 , to date has a portfolio valued over 400 k ) keeping a close eye on netflix over the last couple of months i sold long term short puts out of the money when the stock indicated oversold conditions . as the stock bounced back and showed over bought signals i offloaded the puts and sold calls against my stock . last month netflix options alone made me over $ 3 , 000 . opening up the wealthbuilder a few weeks ago i saw a recommendation for a call calendar . at the time i wanted to enter a credit trade instead of a debit trade and entered a bear call based on technical indicators . all options expired worthless and i pocketed the entire credit . this month i placed some covered calls and bull puts on taser as it rocketed up . i closed all positions after 10 days with a $ 1500 profit . many companies proudly advertise big percentage gains . many times i ' ve asked those companies if those big gains hide big losses - all with the exception of sts was hiding big losing trades . my record this year is 14 out of the 18 stocks i ' ve traded have made money . it ' s not the 49 out of 50 that fasi and greg get but with each month i refine my system and keep closing the gap . the education sts provides is invaluable . without it my approach would have been that of a gambler . with it my approach is systematic and disciplined and consistently profitable . - gareth ( july 2004 ) nofearinvesting 150 clovis ave . , ste . 101 clovis , ca 93612 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012916 . txt 
2	Subject: re : additional bloomberg terminal for weather group on 31 st floor jason , there was a problem with the request . i could not approve it ( the system would not let me do it ) . there must have been a mistake in the way it was submitted ) . please , ask shirley to resubmit . vince from : jason sokolov 01 / 28 / 2000 08 : 51 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : additional bloomberg terminal for weather group on 31 st floor vince , a few weeks ago we talked about installing an additional bloomberg terminal on the 31 st floor for mike ' s weather team . i have submitted a security request , and we are now waiting for your approval . could you , please , go over that request and give mike roberts and me your feedback ? jason sokolov 
2	Subject: stanford mba recruiting greg , this is the agenda for the recruiting trip to stanford next week . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001 11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - althea gordon @ enron 03 / 07 / 2001 04 : 30 pm to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com , brad . romine @ enron . com , brad . alford @ enron . com , martin . lin @ enron . com , theresa _ riedman @ enron . net , matt _ harris @ enron . net , michael . smythe @ enron . net , benjamin . bell @ enron . com , mauricio . mora @ enron . com , celeste . roberts @ enron . com cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com , paula . austin @ enron . com , dolores . muzzy @ enron . com , cathy . lira @ enron . com , patricia . payton @ enron . com subject : stanford mba recruiting thank you for agreeing to participate in the associate program ' s recruiting efforts at stanford graduate school of business . the itinerary for the trip is as follows : wednesday , march 14 , 7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m . dinner with students selected to interview il fornaio , the sala del canaletto room 520 cowper street , palo alto ( 650 ) 853 - 3888 thursday , march 15 , 8 : 30 a . m . to 4 : 45 p . m . round 1 interviews for both summer and full time associates stanford gsb career services center interviewers : theresa riedman brad romine brad alford martin lin michael smythe - to be confirmed benjamin bell - to be confirmed mauricio mora - greeter / alternate interviewer thursday , march 15 , 12 : 15 p . m . to 1 : 30 p . m . lunch with dean george parker ( associate dean of academics ) and sherrie taguchi ( director of career services ) . stanford gsb career services center we will be ordering lunch in . friday , march 16 , 8 : 00 a . m . to 12 : 00 p . m . * round 2 interviews for both summer and full time associates stanford gsb career services center interviewers : vince kaminski matthew harris * please note that this is an approximate time that will be based on the number of candidates who successfully pass round 1 interviews on thursday . your hotel information is as follows : stanford park hotel 100 el camino real menlo park ( 650 ) 322 - 1234 upon confirmation of your participation you will receive your hotel confirmation number . in the event that you have not received your hotel confirmation number please contact my assistant , cathy lira , at x 54049 . attire for the trip will be business casual . if you have any questions please feel free to give me a call at x 53860 . in case of emergency ( and during the trip itself ) i can be reached at ( 713 ) 416 - 6250 . thank you for your support of the program . 
2	Subject: we cannot cancel your payment n 92237 dear paliourg , i want to remind you that we are offering now more than twenty thousand system . for example http : / / wkbjpop . boohuber . biz with regards , service department wdfpu adtfa  
2	Subject: dale nesbitt greg , dale nesbitt is a consultant who develops pricing models ( spot and fwd ) prices for e - commerce sites . he will be in houston in the beginning of july . any interest in meeting him ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000 05 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vkaminski @ aol . com on 06 / 11 / 2000 03 : 17 : 23 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : dale nesbitt o : cc : subject : re : follow up vince : thanks for your help in this matter . i dont want to be a bother to you . i know you are doing your best to put this together as a go between . as you might suspect , i am in a hurry to put together the right hearing at enron because marketpoint is just now being completed - - u . s . and world oil and gas and north american electricity . we have just signed up our first web provider ( e - acumen . com ) , who is preparing to vend our north american electric generation data base over their website . i believe we are an integral part of their offering . it wont be long before marketpoint needs the capitalization to meet our growing customer needs professionally and quickly , particularly when we sign up one or more vertical portals to vend or offer fundamental forward projections from our models . i a loath to do so without the capitalization and staffing we need . also , i am loath to do so without the market reach that a partner like enron could render instantly available . i also would be eager during my next trip to houston to continue the discussion with you regarding how marketpoint might benefit enron directly . i plan to be there the last week in june . thanks again for all your help and support . dale 
2	Subject: horny bbw sluts midshipmen whelp freak mccauley gee lizard slam wake befitting visage fade joyful creek babel byword alumni yon please remove me of this list analeptic honduras richards sportswriter century butterfat ella whose emirate antiquarian radon thea frame spume kaolin conversant beware afghan harley lubbock epicurean cot evident indeterminacy debase inharmonious bavaria debarring sore cookie workbench deluge pastiche period antares eskimo carnival implantation fun  
2	Subject: re : are you ok ? louise , i am doing much better now . most of pain and sour is gone . maybe it is the effect of the medication i have taken . but , i feel a lot better . next thursday , i will have a checkup on my leg . hopefully , my ruptured bone will recover soon . i am planning to come back the week after labor day . thanks zhiyong - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tue 8 / 21 / 2001 3 : 49 pm to : wei , zhiyong cc : subject : are you ok ? let me know if there is anything we can do . louise 
2	Subject: fcxqlvmwd pass this on to your f r i e n ds if you don ' t need it kca helpmessage miotto nl newcestle malkuth new pha - rmacy - not a single medical question asked , guaranteed or it ' s fr ~ ee . let us help you sa ' ve money on expensive medicine . we run a internet pharmacy that will s - ave you thousands of dollars each year on the exact same me dicine you bvy in the united states . we have everything from parac * odin ( dihydroco * dein ) . twice as potent as regular codeine ) , xa ~ nax . 0 ^ rder parac - odin , su : perviagra , on * line anytime hit here http : / / gl . net . mypills 2 k . com ? f 4  tl 1 k 26 why not visit us and save on all you presc ~ ription drugs today . as he spoke he felt himself gently but firmly pushed from behind and , losing his balance , he plunged headforemost from the roof and whirled through the intervening space toward the sidewalk far below  
2	Subject: organization announcement any comments ? this is what i would like to send to the groups we work with on monday . . . . . cecilia sent up a hard copy as well . thanks ! as enron  , s ecommerce businesses continue to grow , there is an increasing need to develop support teams to manage the day to day operations of each business unit . the knowledge and experience of the enrononline team is an invaluable asset that should be utilized as other ecommerce initiatives are launched . with that in mind , we are pleased to announce the following organizational changes within the enrononline product control group effective immediately . the enrononline team will be lead by jennifer denny . she will be responsible for the overall management of enrononline operations  ) including reporting , bridging , customer registration and product documentation . the reporting and bridging group will be managed by torrey moorer , the customer registration group will be led by lisa lees , and the documentation group will be the responsibility of rob cass and dale neuner . the clickpaper product control group will be managed by frank davis , and the commodity logic and dealbench operations will be led by dale neuner . the call center will be integrated into one ecommerce call center to support all four business units . this group will be the responsibility of keith clark . each of these teams will be responsible for providing support to the commercial teams , internal and external customers , and the various back office functions . jennifer , frank , dale and keith will report to me . the attached organizational chart outlines the new teams . please join me in congratulating everyone on their new roles . thank you sheri thomas 
2	Subject: re : starting from sometime client update : christmas is over . . . yet our system has been working and has returned 4 new desperate housewives to your profile for you to choose from . . . they are all located within 100 miles of you so please have fun and play safe . # 0309 ' kara ' 34 c dirty blonde 120 lbs - available dec 28 - jan 5 # 1154 ' sophie ' 32 b brunette 132 lbs - available dec 29 - jan 3 # 1863 ' paris ' 36 c blonde 127 lbs - available dec 29 - jan 4 # 2986 ' deserai ' 38 dd black 149 lbs - available jan 2 - jan 8 http : / / connectjokes . com / ora / enter . php please note that the available date indicates when the selected profile ' s husband will be out of town or away from the home . season ' s greetings from the most exclusive private local meeting place online . let us know if this reached you in error by going here : http : / / connectjokes . com / bye /  
2	Subject: organisational announcement . draft - for your review . . . not sure who to say to ' report to ' . . . . . . although obviously it ' s you . we are pleased to announce that barry pearce , vice president , will be joining enron broadband services as global controller of trading support operations . barry , who will be based in houston and report functionally to both jim fallon and john echols , will assume responsibility for the on - going day - to - day control and development of ebs ' s trading support infra - structure . recognizing that ebs ' s increasing trading operations worldwide are ever expanding , there is a need to insure outstanding internal controls are in place for all trading and risk management activities , regardless of location . barry ' s responsibilities with regard to global trading support operations will mirror those of other controller functions throughout enron . in this role , barry will work closely with sally beck ' s global risk management group to insure that ebs is focused on best practice throughout the front and back office functions , including risk book management , deal capture , contract administration , contract settlements and trading accounting . barry ' s group will also help ensure operational systems are developed to facilitate the timely and accurate reporting of all trading activities and that key operational procedures and processes are implemented . barry has been with enron since 1992 , when he joined the company from arthur andersen . barry has spent the last five years in london playing an integral part in the development and success of the support operations of ect europe . he moves to ebs from his current job as vp , european gas and power trading support operations . please join us in wishing barry success in his new role . 
2	Subject: kristina always wants to stick the dildo in her ass . hello , i am traci teenagers sex / teenmodels hardcore our site is a porn site collecting young girls from school for exclusive images and videos . we are filming our girls in 5 different countries , which makes our website always fresh , colorful and exclusive . http : / / shop - site . info / tv / best regards , traci haskins  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at sys 25 . 3 fn . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : this address no longer accepts mail . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 32974 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 54 : 04 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 ) by 216 . 195 . 34 . 33 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 54 : 04 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09359984 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ adultpaysites . info user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: re : midcon invoices do you guys agree with the rate ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hou / ect on 02 / 24 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kellie bilski 02 / 24 / 2000 02 : 19 pm to : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : midcon invoices midcon is billing us $ . 05 from katy to cogen . lauri a allen 02 / 24 / 2000 01 : 57 pm to : kellie bilski / hou / ect @ ect cc : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : midcon invoices kellie - i researched the statements you sent me and found deal ticket # 109925 in sitara which shows hplc transporting on midcon from live oak to hardy street for $ . 04 / mm for the months of august and september . the statement for november covers gas moving from katy tailgate to cogen lyondell and is covered by sitara deal ticket # 133257 . the deal ticket shows a zero rate , however . elsa / daren - do either of you remember this deal ? it was on november 30 th for 5000 mm . kellie - what is midcon charging for this haul ? thanks . 
2	Subject: re : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * * louise , sorry , i just received your note . the extent of any discussion was dave thanking me over the phone for the inputs and recognizing that he and john incorporated some of the content . we ' ve never had what i had been expecting , or at least presumed appropriate i . e . , prior to any formal decision for the region , entertaining an in - person detailed discussion of the examples and recommendations - including a welcome cross examination of my observations that might conflict with official report or view . john and dave asked me to talk with brett , kish and gonzalez , but if you look at my recommendations and also consider the overall performance in the region does this make the best sense ? i ' ve done this again and , in fact , had already introduced my ideas to each of them and the previous system prior to forwarding them to houston . prior to having to leave enron , i wanted to make a best effort to get the authority to execute the recommendations i ' ve pretty consistently introduced since joining in late 1998 and tried to get enron to implement under the previous management . i have not had the opportunity to manage or influence the company ' s operations in south america - this is my fault for not negotiating a more senior position , but i made the attempt in the region and more recently with the new managers to demonstrate a need to open constructive , critical discussion . anyway , i ' ve tried to open the door to john , dave and you and others who are interested to brainstorm inlcuding the leadership in place in esa to understand and perhaps leverage my applied experience - both trading , origination and , importantly , cultural . my resume below should attest to my capabilities - at least in terms of the potential value of my observations . thank you for your efforts extended in my behalf and good luck in your new position and working within enron ' s unique , dynamic ethic . d ' arcy louise kitchen @ ect 02 / 09 / 2001 01 : 46 pm to : d ' arcy carroll / sa / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * * i have spoken to john lavorato on this and he says that dave and john have already spoken to you on this . do we still need to meet as i have no different opinion to them at this time . louise d ' arcy carroll @ enron 02 / 09 / 2001 11 : 13 am to : louise kitchen @ ect cc : subject : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * * louise , this is a lot of text including the attatched files , but is the summary gist of what i have tried to communicate internally and am asking to discuss with you this morning . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d ' arcy carroll / sa / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 02 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - d ' arcy carroll 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 20 pm to : david w delainey @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron cc : kay chapman @ ect subject : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * * david / john - understand the trip will be delayed . proposal outline has two texts - i . commercial strategy and ii . historical perspective . the org charts will need some discussion - particularly in regard to the strengths and weakness of employed personnel and urgent need for an improved structure . over the fh 2000 and within the new structure with brett and joao carlos albuquerque in place , the wholesale group and trading desk seems to have made some important strides forward in terms of recruiting some good individuals and , in trading terms , finally executing some fundamental market supply , demand and transmission analysis . to get into the game quickly and aggressively , though , i think the commercial group needs to hire some senior , local trading expertise . i apoligize , but was unable to get in contact with either of these two guys to set up a possible meeting this week . however , they have the local knowledge , trading competencies and management experience which i consider needed to catalyze the regional effort : axel hinsch - argentine and cargill employee with several years and broad commodity and financial trading , business development and management experience , including senior trader for the bear stearns emerging markets equity desks in the late 1980 s / early 1990 s . straight up , no ego argentine country manager . mark hoffman - swiss / brazilian and glencore employee with several years energy , energy distribution and sugar sector experience ; applied commodity and financial arbitrage experience in the brazilian market . lot less straight forward , but applied knowledge and expertise . senior originator / trader . please forward any input about your interest in scheduling a meeting either open here or in houston during the week of nov 20 . for some perspective on my experience at enron , let me explaing that i have been working in enron networks in the region from q 2 ' 00 and therefore much less formally invovled with the trading ( brazil spot market ) and wholesale pricing , tarrif issues etc . , . . than at the end of fyl 999 when i was directly involved in developing our effort to get in the game in understanding the spot price formula calculations and exploring arbitrage opportunities in the wholesale market . i ' ve attached my resume for some perspective on my background and capability to critically review the commercial ( trading and marketing ) and managerial issues involving the past and future opportunities .  
2	Subject: your confirmation is needed please reply to this email message to confirm your subscription to enl - dailyupdate - txt . your email address has been entered for a subscription to the enl - dailyupdate - txt mailing list . however , your new subscription requires a confirmation that you received this email message and want to join this mailing list . if you do not want to join , do nothing . you will be automatically removed . to confirm that you do want to join , simply reply to this message . make sure that your message is addressed to to unsubscribe immediately , you send an email message to  
2	Subject: would you like to stop smoking ?  
2	Subject: neon for feb 28 attached are the questions for next week ' s neon lesson . have fun ! ! - feb 28 . doc 
2	Subject: lal echtenhoff i just spoke with kriste sullivan about my response and she said it looks good . let me know if you ' d like to discuss , otherwise i ' ll send it out tomorrow . thanks , aaron 
2	Subject: indigo , ability is poor men ' s wealth . when i was doing ' this boy ' s life ' i wanted to be as old as robert deniro and as experienced as him and have the same respect as he did in that movie . no man ' s abilities are so remarkably shining as not to stand in need of a proper opportunity , a patron , and even the praises of a friend to recommend them to the notice of the world  
2	Subject: re : thanks vince . . . jeff vince j kaminski 09 / 01 / 2000 10 : 23 am to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jeff , christ , mark and myself are planning to visit tom piazze in october . i talked to christy about wharton and she will be calling tom to set it up . vince from : jeffrey a shankman 09 / 01 / 2000 09 : 25 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron subject : hi vince , i just got off the phone with donna piazze at wharton , ( i don ' t know if there is a relationship with tom at wharton ) , and we were discussing there tiger teams . it is a required research program , 2 nd semester for mbas , and wharton would love to have enron participate . i told her there is probably some real life reasearch project we could have the students do . she did also mention that it is one of the best recruiting tools under development at wharton . . i gave her your number . her number is 215 573 8394 . please call her when you get a chance within the week . mark , can we get christy involved ? thanks everyone . jeff 
2	Subject: organizational changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 11 / 08 / 2000 05 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ken lay and jeff skilling 11 / 08 / 2000 04 : 59 pm sent by : enron announcements to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : organizational changes we are making a number of significant organizational changes . these changes are intended to accomplish four key objectives : first , we need to realign all our wholesale businesses around the successful business model developed over the last decade in north america and europe . this model relies on extensive physical and transactional networks built around a relatively small strategic asset position . second , we need to significantly streamline corporate reporting relationships . particularly with joe sutton  , s departure , the ability to directly manage the day - to - day activities of 15 independent business units has become increasingly difficult . third , we need to accomplish these changes without , in any way , compromising the ongoing profitability of all our businesses and without delaying or hindering our effort to monetize a significant portion of our lower - yielding asset positions . and fourth , as always , we need to take advantage of the reorganization to redeploy our talent into our highest value opportunities . enron wholesale services today , we are forming enron wholesale services ( ews ) which will consolidate our global wholesale businesses . the closer alignment of our wholesale businesses will accomplish the following : ( 1 ) enhanced communication and coordination across business units , ( 2 ) more rapid deployment of people to higher valued opportunities , ( 3 ) more effective prioritization of opportunities across the wholesale business , and ( 4 ) more rapid extension of enron  , s wholesale business model and capabilities into new industries and markets . enron wholesale services will include our current north american , european ( including japan and australia ) , global markets , and industrial markets operations , and will be expanded to include enron  , s net works business unit as well as a new unit  ) enron global assets . in addition , enron  , s merchant businesses outside of north america and europe will be integrated into this new structure as described below . mark frevert , currently chairman of each of our wholesale units , will assume the role of chairman and ceo of enron wholesale services . greg whalley , currently chairman and ceo of enron net works , will join mark in the office of the chairman as president and chief operating officer . providing further impetus for these organizational changes , several of our international business unit leaders have elected to move into new leadership positions : rebecca mcdonald , currently ceo of enron apachi , will join ews as president and ceo of enron global assets . enron global assets will have responsibility for managing all of enron  , s existing energy asset portfolio outside of north america and europe . joining rebecca in the office of the chairman as coo will be jim hughes , currently coo of enron apachi . rebecca and jim will report to the ews office of the chairman . sanjay bhatnagar , currently ceo of enron india , has joined ebs as ceo for the middle east and asia region . sanjay will be responsible for building our broadband business in this region and the current ebs team in this region will report to sanjay . in this role , sanjay will report to the ebs office of the chairman . in addition , sanjay will continue to remain responsible for enron  , s wholesale energy business in india and will transition this business into enron global assets in the near future . diomedes christodoulou , currently co - ceo of enron south america , has joined ebs as chief commercial officer . diomedes will be located in london and will focus his origination activities on global opportunities , with near term attention to the wholesale and enterprise sectors . diomedes will report to the ebs office of the chairman . jim bannantine , currently co - ceo of enron south america , will be joining ees to lead ees  , commercial efforts outside north america and europe . in order to ensure a smooth transition for our south american businesses and to facilitate our asset sales activities , jim will remain in south america for at least the next several months and continue to serve as ceo of enron south america . throughout the transition , jim will report to cliff baxter and to the office of the chairman of enron wholesale services . following the transition , jim will join ees . in addition to these changes in our international asset operations activities , we are making the following changes in our merchant wholesale businesses and the commercial support functions : enron net works louise kitchen will assume greg  , s previous responsibilities as president and ceo of enron net works , reporting into mark and greg . enron americas concurrent with the transfer to enron global assets of responsibility for operating enron  , s south and central america asset base , all trading , marketing , and new asset development activities in these regions will report into a new entity , enron americas . enron americas will have responsibility for all wholesale merchant businesses across north , central and south america . dave delainey , president and ceo , and john lavorato , chief operating officer will comprise the office of the chairman for enron americas . enron europe the enron europe organization , which includes enron  , s businesses in australia and japan , and enron metals , remains unchanged under the leadership of john sherriff , president and ceo , and michael brown , chief operating officer . enron global markets enron global markets , under the leadership of mike mcconnell , president and ceo , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer , will continue to have responsibility for enron  , s middle east and lng operations . with the exception of ecoelectrica in puerto rico , all operating power plants and associated personnel in the caribbean and central america will transfer to enron global assets . enron global markets will also continue to manage the commodity businesses in crude and products , coal , weather , insurance , equities , interest rates , foreign exchange , and agricultural products . enron industrial markets enron industrial markets  , organization , under the leadership of jeff mcmahon , president & ceo , and ray bowen , chief operating officer , remains unchanged . commercial support for ews the commercial support functions for ews will remain with , and be managed by , the individual business units . we are creating no incremental overhead in the creation of ews , and in fact hope to reduce our operating costs by more efficient utilization and sharing of resources across ews . to this end we have asked several people to take on an expanded role across ews in addition to their ongoing roles within their business units . these newly defined roles are as follows : mid and back office operations  ) sally beck will lead mid and back office operations across ews . these services will become part of enron net works , with sally reporting to louise kitchen and rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . this alignment creates a coordinated services organization with it and e - commerce platforms to support the wholesale businesses and to maximize opportunities to commercialize these services . mid and back office services for all commercial activities will continue to be organized with dedicated operations controllers responsible for specific commodities and / or geographic locations . legal  ) mark haedicke will serve in the role of general counsel for ews . regulatory and government affairs  ) this function will remain organized on a regional basis . rick shapiro will support all ews businesses operating in the americas , and mark schroeder , who is based in london , will support all european and eastern hemisphere operations . rick and mark will also continue to support all other enron businesses operating in their respective regions and will continue to report to steve kean , executive vice president and chief of staff . public relations  ) this function is also organized primarily on a regional basis . eric thode will have responsibility for north american activity , enron net works , and enron industrial markets . jackie gentle will continue in her role for enron europe ( including japan and australia ) and john ambler will have responsibility for activity outside north america and europe as well as providing support for enron global markets and enron global assets . these individuals will also continue to have a split reporting relationship to mark palmer , vice president of communications . business analysis and reporting  ) wes colwell will expand his role to cover ews reporting in addition to his current role in north america . attached for your review is an organization chart for enron wholesale services which summarizes the changes described here . as this organization continues to evolve we will keep you informed of any additional changes . enron global exploration and production and enron wind as part of our company - wide initiative to examine our assets and investments around the world , we are considering a variety of options with respect to egep and ewc . as a consequence , we are putting these businesses under cliff baxter  , s direction . jeff sherrick , ceo of egep , and jim noles , ceo of enron wind , will report to cliff . corporate staff we are consolidating the corporate staff functions : human resources , government affairs , public relations / communications and administration . in that regard , cindy olson , executive vice president of human resources and community relations , will report to steve kean , executive vice president and chief of staff . committee structure in light of the increased leadership opportunities created by enron  , s growth , the executive committee will be expanded to include more of our business unit leaders . the primary role of this committee will continue to be the communication of relevant information across enron  , s businesses and the coordination of activities across those businesses . we will also be drawing on this group to lead company - wide initiatives such as the performance review process and evaluation and creation of new businesses . the executive committee membership is shown on the attached list . we are also forming a new committee  ) the enron corporate policy committee . this group will be responsible for overall corporate policy , personnel management policy and corporate strategy . the enron corporate policy committee membership is also shown on the attached list . we are confident that these changes will align our talent and our capital to our highest return opportunities . please join us in congratulating and supporting all of these individuals in their new roles . 
2	Subject: mtbe plant upset the mtbe plant will continue operating at lower production rates of approximately 8 mbd to 9 mbd until april 6 or 7 at the earliest . it will possibly be mid - april before full production can be resumed . this is the result of the steam boiler problem experienced on friday , march 24 . when more information is available , this will be updated . 
2	Subject: come board and date the hottest how funny is this ! ? i get online and i get this email from this girl gina . she invites me to join her favourite dating site and see all her friends . now even funnier is that all these girls live in my own city in europe . we ended up going out and i ended up getting laid with the hottest blond ever ! trust me on this one , go join , it doesn ' t cost a thing ! don ' t let the good ones go away ! ! ! http : / / www . datrx . com / extra / xxxpersonals / come on board , the party only started ! no more ma . il .  
2	Subject: transaction confirmation sheets jennifer / darren would you please forward to lisa maillet ( fax # 508 - 786 - 7201 ) a copy of the transaction confirmation sheet regarding the gas ( 2 , 977 mmbtu at lsp interconnect with oasis - waha and 5 , 000 mmbtu at lsp interconnect with pg & e ntp - 36 " maypearl ) melp , as limited agent for abb alstom power inc , purchased from houston pipe line this past wednesday ( 3 / 29 / 00 ) . thanks trey 
2	Subject: fw : section 311 just so you know , this is what i sent redmond about that 311 case . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hull , bryan sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 7 : 16 am to : redmond , brian subject : fw : section 311 brian , this is a pretty good explanation of the case thus far . . . . . . commissioner wood is aware of the conflict between pg & e ( now epgt ) and southern union , probably because of lobbying by southern union , and that is why he raised the issue . southern union states in its initial brief ( # 9 below ) that it opposes the high demand rates that it says epgt proposes to charge for a service that does not incorporate the consumer protections of order no . 636 and argues that ferc should impose order no . 636 standards on pg & e . i was watching a video stream of the meeting , and the whole discussion seemed to come out of nowhere . here are the facts in this case . 1 ) on december 20 , 1999 , pg & e texas pipeline , lp ( the predecessor to epgt texas pipeline , lp ) filed a petition with ferc for approval of transportation rates under section 311 along , as they were required to do . ( all intrastate pipelines that perform section 311 service must either have their rates approved by ferc or they must charge rates that are approved by a state regulatory body for a similar service . ) pg & e ' s filing proposed , in addition to the usual interruptible service , a firm section 311 service as well as an interruptible parking and lending service . pg & e also filed a revised statement of operating conditions to reflect the new services . 2 ) on february 25 , 2000 , southern union gas company , an intrastate transportation customer of pg & e , filed a late motion to intervene and raised issues which it stated should be addressed in a hearing . pg & e opposed the late intervention , but ferc granted it on april 14 , 2000 . ( pg & e stated that southern union was intervening in order to gain leverage in renegotiating its contract for intrastate service . ) 3 ) southern union submitted data requests to pg & e on april 13 and april 17 . pg & e attempted to get a protective order issued , but ferc rejected their request . 4 ) a settlement conference was held on september 7 , 2000 . 5 ) a staff panel was convened on october 2 , 2000 , in order to conduct an advisory , non - evidentiary proceeding for oral arguments on the issues , with instructions to make recommendations to the commission within 90 days . 6 ) on november 1 , 2000 , ferc requested 5 pages of additional information from pg & e in order to complete the application in the proceeding , which pg & e provided on november 8 th . on december 8 th , pg & e provided additional information in response to a ferc data request . 7 ) on january 10 , 2001 , southern union submitted a proposed alternative to the cost of service and rate design that was filed by pg & e . 8 ) on january 17 , el paso field services informed ferc that pg & e texas pipeline , lp had been acquired by el paso on december 22 , 2000 , and that the name was changed to epgt texas pipeline , lp . 9 ) on january 24 , 2001 , epgt texas and southern union filed initial briefs . 10 ) on july 17 , 2001 , epgt filed supplemental comments in response to the discussion at ferc summarized below , where commissioner wood inquired about the extension of some order no . 636 and 637 provisions to section 311 service providers . epgt stated that , if ferc proceeds with this policy , it should do so in a generic rulemaking and not in an individual pipeline proceeding . on july 30 , 2001 , southern union filed reply comments opposing epgt ' s supplemental comments . 11 ) on august 3 , epgt filed an amended statement of operating conditions , which provides for electronic nominations , two additional nomination cycles , bumping , clarified and updated credit provisions , modified quality provisions to protect system integrity , and more clearly defined authorized overrun service . the ngpa gives ferc authority over intrastate pipeline rates for section 311 service and requires that such service be provided on a non - discriminatory basis , but there is some question as to whether it gives ferc authority to require , for example , compliance with order nos . 636 and 637 . please let me know if this is enough detail ( or maybe it ' s more than you wanted ! ! ) . 
2	Subject: hi sugar my is wrong ? hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from differentpurpose clicck here to order mentioned mentioned a wanted rich miserable . back make fire . here raise thus wanted , find sugar different few . thats wife drew reading fire we . is promised taught thus development , speaking already appearance few news filled . make bad end wrong window light , bad fascinate thus we .  
2	Subject: hot line request joe , we would like to make an urgent request to have one of our staff persons added to our hotline number 18000 . we have discussed this request on numerous occasions , but have not been successful in any attempt . would you please , at this time , please arrange to have michelle lokay ' s extension , 57932 , roll over to the hotline number , 18000 . when we spoke , you assured me that this would be handled . please call me on ext . 35849 if you have any questions regarding this request . again , we will need this handled today . thanks in advance for your assistance , adr 
2	Subject: winning information ! from : promotions department of national promo bv , winning notice for silver stake winner - ref . no . - np / 04 / 652659966 / bv attention : the national promotions has just concluded its final draws of it ' s periodical promotional program . an exclusive list of email addresses of thousands of individual and corporate bodies were picked by automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets were sold . your email address emerged as one of seven winners in the silver stakes category as email addresses were soughted , from a total number of 25 , 000 addresses drawn from all over the globe . after an automated computer ballot of our international promotions program , only seven winners emerged in this category and therefore each are to receive payouts of  116 , 000 , 00 from the total of  820 , 000 . 00 ( eight hundred and twenty thousand euros ) . however , every email address selected was accompanied by a reference and ticket number , after the cyber lotto selection , the below ticket and reference numbers emereged as one of the lucky winners in the above category . congratulations ! ! ! reference number for your prize is : ref . no . - np / 04 / 652659966 / bv ticket no . - np 87866 bv for confirmation of the claim of your prize money , you are to send an email to our customer service representative with informations below for further instructions on how you can claim your prize : mark starton customer service representative national promotions bv , netherlands email : markstarton @ mail 2 agent . com cc : starton _ mark @ nationalpromo . com phone : + 447040104368 + 447040114988 you may be required to provide any of the above information during the process of collecting your prize . we congratulate you once again and it is our hope that you participate in any of our international programs in the nearest future . thank you and congratulations ! ! ! . sincerely , rebekah payne , promotions manager national promo bv rebekah _ p @ nationalpromo . com mail enviado desde el servicio webmail de php - nuke - http : / / www . tusitio . cl 
2	Subject: txu noms . for 10 / 14 - 16 / 00 attached , please find the txu nominations for the weekend of october 14 - 16 , 2000 . no scheduled flows ( see attached file : hplnl 014 . xls ) - hplnl 014 . xls 
2	Subject: trade count and volume for november 27 , 2001 lindsay lindsay renaud enrononline ( 713 ) 345 - 3703  
2	Subject: 8 / 14 / 2000 enovate dpr chicago office dpr now being generated by risk consolidation . steve , you should be added to the distribution list . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 08 / 16 / 2000 02 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daniel falcone @ enron 08 / 15 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : janet r dietrich / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , laura luce / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , kevin p radous / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , l . kallas @ pecorp . com , j . pokorny @ pecorp . com , w . morrow @ pecorp . com , richard tomaski / hou / ect @ ect , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , k . classen @ pecorp . com , m . nordstrom @ pecorp . com , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 8 / 14 / 2000 enovate dpr 
2	Subject: on wednesday we will be having a mini trading track interview session . the quality may not resemble the first session we had but i thought it would be worth it if we can find a couple more folks to put in the program . we will probably have a much bigger one later in the year after the new analysts and associates join . i had a couple of observations from last time . 1 . i think we were too hard on external candidates . there are 5 or 6 external candidates . remember that they don ' t have the enron grounding that the internal candidates have . most of them are not in the gas or electricity industry . try to evaluate them on their intrinsic qualities . 2 . some people have not thought about trading concepts and are unfamiliar with trading lingo . that doesn ' t mean that they will not be good traders one day . i think we were a little biased based on someones ability to run a stack tommorrow . regards john 
2	Subject: las vegas cogeneration ii , l . l . c . - tolling agreement confidentiality obligation please forward this e - mail to other persons within your respective groups who may have access to the tolling agreement or whose responsibilities may cause them to deal with las vegas cogeneration ii , l . l . c . ' s business operations . thanks . as you may be aware , on friday , may 4 , 2001 , las vegas cogeneration ii , l . l . c . ( " lvc ii " ) executed a capacity and ancillary services sale and tolling services agreement ( " tolling agreement " ) with allegheny energy supply company , llc ( " allegheny " ) . lvc ii is an affiliate of ena and of jedi ii . due to the nature of the services to be performed under the tolling agreement , lvc ii will have access to information , including pricing , dispatch information and outage schedules , that allegheny deems extremely sensitive . accordingly , the tolling agreement requires lvc ii and allegheny to keep all information relating to the tolling agreement in strict confidence . ena provides certain administrative services to lvc ii pursuant to an administrative services agreement . furthermore , as equity holders in lvc ii , ena and jedi ii have access to information from lvc ii as a matter of course . in the course of providing services to or on behalf of lvc ii , or in connection with management of ena ' s or jedi ii ' s equity positions in lvc ii , you may obtain information regarding the tolling agreement and / or operational information regarding lvc ii . all such information must be treated as confidential and privileged information , and is not to be disclosed to any person or used for any purpose other than in furtherance of your provision of services to lvc ii . in particular , no information regarding the tolling agreement or any information regarding the operations of lvc ii are to be made available to or disclosed to any person involved in the power marketing or trading operations of any enron affiliate . under certain limited circumstances this information can be disclosed to third parties . however , it is vital that you first confirm the appropriateness of making such disclosures with dale rasmussen , karen jones or sheila tweed of ena ' s legal department prior to making any such disclosures . thank you for your cooperation . 
2	Subject: my resume molly , we would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one , we are running out of space ) . i shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates . thanks . i hope you have a very happy easter . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zhendong xia on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 58 : 25 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : my resume hi , dr . kaminski : glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks . zhendong xia georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu dengie @ sina . com tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103 ( o ) 404 - 8944318 - cv . doc 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 9 , 2001 teco tap 27 . 500 / enron 
2	Subject: enron mentions blowback forbes , 11 - 12 - 01 enron shares rise , rebounding from nine - year low ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 31 11 : 56 ( new york ) enron shares rise as analysts cite bargain - hunting , financing speculation dow jones business news , 10 / 31 / 01 enron trades higher after heavy losses cbs . marketwatch . com , 10 / 31 / 01 usa : u . s . tech stocks up , blue chips shed gains . reuters english news service , 10 / 31 / 01 us west pwr lower on new - month positions despite gas rise dow jones energy service , 10 / 31 / 01 uk : enron close to exiting indian lng shipping deal . reuters english news service , 10 / 31 / 01 mariner energy to sell stake in aconcagua field for $ 51 million bloomberg , 10 / 31 / 01 blowback daniel fisher , forbes magazine , 11 . 12 . 01 did enron use partnerships to artificially boost earnings ? lawyers are rubbing their hands . if the truth sets you free , the top echelon at enron corp . , present and past , should be feeling positively footloose these days . just in time to get shackled by a slew of shareholder suits . private securities lawyers and the securities & exchange commission are looking into the houston energy trading firm ' s complex relationships with outside partnerships it used to hedge against fluctuations in the value of its investments . where enron sees 21 st - century financial engineering , lawyers see possible earnings inflation . ( chairman kenneth lay says enron is cooperating with the sec inquiry . ) one partnership , run by enron chief financial officer andrew fastow , added $ 236 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2001 , boosting enron ' s $ 425 million in net income in that period . the partnership ' s contribution plunged to $ 5 million in the second quarter ended june 30 , but investors only found out aug . 14 - - when enron filed its quarterly 10 - q with the sec . oddly enough , that was the day chief executive jeffrey skilling unexpectedly resigned . expect class - action lawyers to go after the profits skilling and other insiders made by selling $ 660 million in stock when shares were flying high . ( they ' re down 78 % from august 2000 . ) since skilling left , enron has taken a $ 1 . 2 billion hit to shareholders ' equity to unwind partnerships . " they certainly misled the market as to the size of [ partnership losses ] , " says thomas shapiro , one of several lawyers filing shareholder suits against enron . who knows what will emerge from some of the other partnerships ? enron shares rise , rebounding from nine - year low ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 31 11 : 56 ( new york ) enron shares rise , rebounding from nine - year low ( updatel ) ( adds analyst comment in sixth paragraph . ) houston , oct . 31 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares rose as much as 19 percent , one day after falling to their lowest level in more than nine years , amid speculation the company may be a takeover target . shares of the top energy trader rose $ 1 . 58 , or 14 percent , to $ 12 . 74 in midday trading of 19 . 9 million shares , compared with the three - month daily average of 10 . 4 million shares . earlier , the shares hit $ 13 . 25 . shares of houston - based enron have fallen 84 percent this year . they have lost more than half their value this month amid a u . s . securities and exchange commission inquiry into partnerships headed by andrew fastow , enron ' s former chief financial officer . fastow was ousted last week in an attempt to restore confidence in the stock . ` ` there are rumors out there that they are a potential takeover target , but i think it ' s very unlikely that anyone will buy them out at this point , ' ' said zach wagner , an analyst at edward jones & co . ` ` there are too many uncertainties . ' ' enron is more likely to get a large cash infusion from an investor , wagner said . he has a ` ` reduce ' ' rating on enron shares . he doesn ' t own the stock . the wall street journal today said general electric co . ' s ge capital , warren buffett ' s berkshire hathaway inc . and royal dutch petroleum co . are ` ` among the names bandied about ' ' as potential buyers for all or part of enron . - - margot habiby in the dallas newsroom ( 214 ) 954 - 9452 enron shares rise as analysts cite bargain - hunting , financing speculation by christina cheddar 10 / 31 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) dow jones newswires new york - - after losing nearly two - thirds of their value over the past two weeks , enron corp . shares regained some lost ground wednesday . bargain - hunting and speculation were said to be behind the buying , with some suggesting that enron is nearing a deal for additional financing , while others are said to be mulling the possibility the company may be acquired . in afternoon trading on new york stock exchange , enron shares ( ene ) were up $ 1 . 49 , or 13 % , to $ 12 . 65 on volume of 24 . 9 million shares . earlier , the stock traded as high as $ 13 . 25 . enron , which typically trades an average of 10 million shares a day , was again one of the most actively traded stocks on the big board . on tuesday , enron shares set a 52 - week low of $ 10 . 90 , which was the stock ' s lowest level in a decade . commerzbank securities analyst andre meade attributed the jump in enron ' s stock to investors attracted by its low price . those buyers , he said , are hoping not to be hit by the " double swords " hanging over the houston energy trader - - a securities and exchange commission investigation of the financial dealings of its former chief financial officer andrew fastow , with an off - balance sheet financing vehicle and the possibility of another credit - rating downgrade by moody ' s , which could trigger the need to issue additional stock and thereby dilute the holdings of existing investors . in addition , there is speculation " through the houston circuit " that enron may be close to securing additional financing , said prudential securities analyst carol coale . if the speculation proves true , the financing would help enron to shore up its financial condition and improve confidence among investors as well as its business partners . investors also may be placing their bets on the belief that enron shares have eroded enough in value to make the company a takeover candidate . a report in the wall street journal wednesday said several companies including general electric co . ' s ( ge ) ge capital unit , warren buffett ' s berkshire hathaway inc . ( brka , brkb ) and royal dutch / shell group ( rd ) have been named as potential buyers for enron . ms . coale said the takeover speculation was " unwarranted " and has surfaced each time enron shares faltered . " it would be very unusual . . . for a company to be interested in a takeover ( of enron ) given the uncertainty of the sec inquiry . why add that uncertainty to your portfolio ? " she said . furthermore , ms . coale said , it might be difficult for a company such as shell to clear regulatory hurdles because it already operates a substantial energy trading business . commerzbank ' s mr . meade also discounted the takeover speculation . he likened such a deal to the acquisition of a financial - service company . " you are buying a human - capital - based business . you have to make sure you ' re not going to loose all your people , " he said . " it ' s a trickier acquisition . " but not everyone thinks the takeover speculation is implausible . roger hamilton , an analyst at john hancock value funds , said shell and enron are " neighbors " , and shell has looked at enron " on and off . " still , he said that if there is a buyer for enron , the company would want to do it sooner rather than later in order not to risk damaging enron ' s leading market position . some marketwatchers said at least some of the pressure on enron shares in recent trading sessions has come from mutual funds liquidating their positions to avoid having the company ' s name appear among their holdings in their annual reports . despite the rise in enron shares wednesday , there remains a significant amount of uncertainty about the stock . in addition to the pending sec inquiry and the lingering credit concerns , attention also is being paid to their effect on enron ' s trading business . while several trading counterparties have said that they are watching the situation closely , at least one , entergy corp . ( etr ) , is said to be trimming its exposure to enron . the new york mercantile exchange also plans to use enron ' s weakness to recapture part of the over - the - counter energy derivative market by offering its own clearing services and trading tools for the natural gas market . write to christina cheddar at christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron trades higher after heavy losses by lisa sanders , cbs . marketwatch . com last update : 1 : 27 pm et oct . 31 , 2001 houston ( cbs . mw ) - - shares of enron , which had lost about 66 percent of their value over the past 10 sessions , spiked in wednesday trading after a report that pegged the beleaguered company as a takeover target . enron ( ene : news , chart , profile ) added 13 percent , or $ 1 . 46 , to $ 12 . 62 in recent dealings . volume was heavy at 25 million shares . john olson , an analyst at sanders morris harris in houston , pointed out that the heavy losses enron sustained over the last 10 sessions partly reflects the end of the tax year for mutual funds . the calendar year for funds ends at the close of business wednesday . " mutual funds who own enron stock have been trying to offset other gains by selling off enron , " he said . " mutual funds have to register all their gains or losses and offset them by selling or buying stock by the close today . " a wall street journal report wednesday speculated on enron ' s potential as an acquisition for a more stable company . enron has been under pressure for more than two weeks , beginning when the energy merchant reported a $ 1 billion charge in its third - quarter earnings . a securities and exchange commission probe into two of the company ' s limited partnerships and a rating downgrade by moody ' s investors service haven ' t helped . olson said he thought an enron takeover unlikely at this point . " however , if the stock were to keep coming down , and their financial difficulties were extended , the odds would increase , " he said . art smith , chairman and chief executive of the research firm john s . herold , said he ' d be surprised if enron was not entertaining offers . " it ' s one of the ways that enron gets the genie back in the bottle . " on the other hand , smith said , it would take a potential acquirer time to become comfortable with the valuation of the business . " it ' s doubtful that a potential acquirer can resolve all the valuation issues quickly , " smith said . he said it ' s likely that any sort of purchase agreement would contain what he called a " look - back provision , " which would protect the acquirer from being strapped to a fixed value . smith said he could see either general electric ' s ( ge : news , chart , profile ) ge capital or royal dutch shell ( rd : news , chart , profile ) making a bid . both were mentioned in the journal report . " ge capital is big enough that if it didn ' t work out it won ' t cripple ge , and they ' ve been opportunistic on things like this , " smith said . " and shell always keeps us guessing . " olson also included aig ( aig : news , chart , profile ) and citigroup ( c : news , chart , profile ) as potential acquirers . " enron has certainly had some appeal to people that are used to an aggressive trading culture , " he said . smith said that even without enron , the energy marketing and trading business would continue to thrive . " even if enron went away , it would not change what has developed into a healthy market for commodity forward markets and hedging , " he said . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . usa : u . s . tech stocks up , blue chips shed gains . by haitham haddadin 10 / 31 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 31 ( reuters ) - technology stocks held gains in early afternoon trading on wednesday after the u . s . economy shrank less than wall street feared in the third quarter , but blue chips dipped as an early rally faded on worries the worst is yet to come . " you will need a lot of fortitude to see the mountaintop when we are in the depths of the valley , " said jay mueller , economist and portfolio manager at strong capital management inc . , which oversees $ 42 billion . the economy suffered its worst contraction since the first quarter of 1991 , the government said in its " advance " or early estimate of gross domestic product . gdp , the broadest measure of u . s . economic health , shrank 0 . 4 percent in the third quarter . the number still managed to beat economists ' projected 1 percent drop and helped spark an early rally . wall street still faces a heavy economic calendar this week and is girding for readings on the manufacturing sector and job market . some economists expect the u . s . economy will give an even worse performance in the fourth quarter as the sept . 11 attacks haunt the nation . the technology - laced nasdaq composite index advanced 28 . 65 points , or 1 . 72 percent , to 1 , 696 . 06 , after snagging a gain of more than 3 percent earlier in the day . sun microsystems inc . jumped 77 cents to $ 10 . 31 , or 8 percent , after the network computer maker said orders were tracking higher this quarter than they were this time last quarter . the dow jones industrial average was off 6 . 23 points , or 0 . 07 percent , at 9 , 115 . 75 , after climbing more than 1 percent . eastman kodak co . , down $ 2 . 69 to $ 25 . 11 , or 9 . 7 percent , pressured the blue - chip gauge after moody ' s cut its debt rating and warned it may lower the long - term rating again amid falling profits . the broader standard & poor ' s 500 index rose 4 . 03 points , or 0 . 38 percent , at 1 , 063 . 82 . the stock market had sold off in the last two days after rallying last week . wall street widely expects the economy to slip into a recession . but investors are hoping more tax cuts and lower interest rates will lift the economy by 2002 . president george w . bush urged congress to pass a stimulus package by the end of november in a speech at the white house . most economists expect the economic contraction to last at least to the end of the year and if it does , the third quarter would mark the start of the first u . s . recession in 10 years . a recession is loosely defined as at least two straight quarters of falling gdp . in other economic news , the national association of purchasing management - chicago said its october index slipped to 46 . 2 from 46 . 6 in september , but this beat economists ' estimates of a drop to 43 . 0 . the october index that showed less weakness than expected suggests regional manufacturing could bottom fairly soon , but does not necessarily mean thursday ' s national survey by napm will follow suit , analysts said . " what it ' s showing is that the economy , although it ' s slowing now , is slowing at a gradual pace as opposed to rapidly plunging off a cliff , " said john herrmann , chief economist at ideaglobal . " we think the napm index falls a little bit more than this because napm will capture corporations in new york and outside the region of chicago . " the october national association of purchasing management ( napm ) index , due shortly after the open on thursday , is forecast on average slipping to 44 . 3 from 47 . 0 in september . intel corp . , a dow member and nasdaq heavyweight , added 63 cents to $ 24 . 17 , or 2 . 6 percent . the world ' s largest chip maker sounded a bullish note for long - term growth , saying the billions it ' s spending this year will yield profits and market share gains once the high - tech recession abates and growth resumes . motorola inc . rose 51 cents to $ 16 . 65 , or more than 3 percent , after the wireless giant said its global market share rose in the july - september quarter from the second quarter , boosted by sales of new products . adobe systems inc . fell $ 3 . 41 to $ 25 . 34 , or nearly 12 percent . the publishing software vendor said it would cut 150 jobs , or 5 percent of its work force , and lowered its revenue and earnings guidance , citing weakening business after the sept . 11 attacks . enron corp . rose $ 1 . 47 to $ 12 . 63 , bouncing back from 10 consecutive days of losses . the wall street journal said on wednesday in its influential " heard on the street " column that with enron trading at book value , some wall streeters see the beleaguered energy trader as a takeover target . enron shares on tuesday dropped 19 percent to hit 1992 levels amid fears of a credit crunch and concerns over management reluctance to discuss its finances . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . us west pwr lower on new - month positions despite gas rise 10 / 31 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : enron close to exiting indian lng shipping deal . 10 / 31 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 31 ( reuters ) - u . s . energy major enron corp is close to exiting a joint shipping venture linked to its troubled dabhol power plant in india , shipping sources said . " enron has pulled out of the lakshmi ( the ship ) and has dumped it on its partners in the deal , mitsui osk lines and the shipping corporation of india , " said one shipping executive . " essentially it ' s linked to the collapse of the dabhol deal , " he added . enron has a 65 percent stake , valued at $ 1 billion , in the dabhol power plant , which has been stalled by a long - running payment dispute with its only customer , a local utility . " we have been in discussions about greenfield shipping ( the ship owning company ) , but at the moment it is not appropriate to comment on future plans , " said a spokesman for enron in houston . the shipping source said the ship had been contracted at the above - market price of $ 223 million from mhi yard in japan , and would need the high charter rate of $ 92 , 000 per day to cover its costs . this would be difficult to acheive . enron said the ship had been financed through 70 percent debt and 30 percent equity , in which it had a 20 percent stake . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . mariner energy to sell stake in aconcagua field for $ 51 million 2001 - 10 - 31 11 : 47 ( new york ) mariner energy to sell stake in aconcagua field for $ 51 million houston , oct . 31 ( bloomberg ) - - mariner energy inc . , an oil and gas exploration company , expects to tomorrow complete the sale of its stake in the aconcagua field and canyon express pipeline system for $ 51 million to nippon oil exploration ltd . and pioneer natural resources co . the aconcagua field , about 150 miles southeast of new orleans , is one of three deepwater natural gas fields being developed as part of the canyon express pipeline . houston - based mariner is majority owned by an affiliate of enron corp . nippon oil exploration is a unit of nippon mitsubishi oil corp . , japan ' s largest oil refiner . shares of irving , texas - based pioneer natural resources rose 4 cents to $ 17 . 10 in midday trading . - - amy hellickson in princeton ( 609 ) 750 - 4549 or at 
2	Subject: fw : [ 3 ] this will be our final try we have tried to speak to you on several instances and time is running out ! your exisiting home loan makes you eligible for you for up to a 3 . 50 % lower rate . however , since our previous attempts to speak to you have failed , this will be our last notice to close for you the lower rate . please complete this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now . request form here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: transition items i have a few questions regarding the transition . access programmers - the contractors will be managed by the end - users they are supporting from now on . the budget dollars for them are in cc 103849 - $ 50 k per month . do you want each department to continue paying their invoices against these budget dollars in 103849 or through their own cost centers ? do we transfer budget dollars ? close the cost center ? equipment - we have 1 flat screen and several large monitors . should we just return all equipment to surplus or offer to others ? space - will commoditylogic be moving and assuming the space that will be vacated on 3 / 12 ? fax machine will be disconnected / returned . digital scanner will be surplused . there are two printers that can be surplused unless someone else ( cl ? ) wants / needs them . turkeylegs and tarzan . i currently charge 50 % of my time to cl and 50 % to my cost center - 103850 . should i continue this or charge all my time to cl and close my cost center ? since marvia is also be redeployed , there is no one else in my cost center . let me know if you want to sit down and discuss or you can just provide quick answers here or in voice mail . 
2	Subject: try vi : agra today reduced priceson allmedications , save 70 % ! remove me  
2	Subject: hpl nom . for dec . 28 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 228 . xls ) - hplnl 228 . xls 
2	Subject: re : firm power sale from phase i - issues vince / vasant , it has been some time since we spoke at the san antonio conference . unfortunately , as soon as i got to india i was diagnosed wih a slip disc and had to be in bed for a long time . in the mean time the team continued to work on the concept of a sale to another state out of the dabhol plant . i have developed the concept whereby we are now looking at a firm component ( over peak period ) , and an infirm power sale during the monsoon . the series of quesions and comments from my team in te attachment below should help you a bit to get a feel for the proposal . i am currently in houston and reachable at 281 - 345 - 9870 . i maybe needing a surgery for the slip disc but am currently on medication hoping that surgery won ' t be needed . i would like to wis you all a very happy x ' mas and a great new year , and will catch you in the new year in houston to discuss this wit you further . i can see that soem structuring help will be needed on this , and would like to get some help from your end . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 12 / 25 / 99 10 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sandeep kohli 12 / 25 / 99 10 : 06 pm to : rajesh sivaraman / enron _ development cc : vivek kejriwal / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shubh shrivastava / enron _ development @ enron _ development , anshuman subject : re : firm power sale from phase i - issues team , please find my comments in the word document attached . please go through this and run the sensitivities and get a good idea of way to structure thsi . having gone through the comments , i feel that it maybe necessary to get some help on the structuring side . i will try to get you some structuring expertise asap . in the mean time , i would like you all to focus on getting resources together and working this to the next pass . lets see where we can get with this . regards , sandeep . rajesh sivaraman 12 / 24 / 99 10 : 06 pm to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vivek kejriwal / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shubh shrivastava / enron _ development @ enron _ development , anshuman subject : firm power sale from phase i - issues as discussed , please find enclosed a word document which essentially discusses most of the issues involved with a firm power sale of 50 mw from phase i , which would have to be sorted out with mseb . vivek will put the tariff formula in the next mail ) the tariff structure & the issue list obviously need further refinement , before we discuss it with mseb . looking forward to your comments on both the issue list as well as the tariff computation . regards , rajesh s 
2	Subject: copano changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 26 / 2000 01 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 26 / 2000 01 : 00 : 03 pm to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : copano changes ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls ) ( see attached file : hpl - feb . xls ) - hpl - jan . xls - hpl - feb . xls 
2	Subject: meeting on the 20 th of march robert , this is to confirm the meeting on march the 20 th at 9 : 00 a . m . enron will be represented by bill bradford , bryan seyfried , , vasant shanbhogue and myself . could you , please , advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay overnight , close to your location ? vince kaminski enron corp . 1400 smith street , room 1962 houston , tx 77251 - 1188 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject: best pha . rmacy for you come to ea ite ! wel h lth su www . ancondition . com $ 200 ( 12 alis $ 20 0 val ( 2 viagra 0 pills ) ci 0 ( 5 pills ) ium $ 250 20 pills ) ax $ 380 ls ) ambien 60 pil any xan ( 200 pil $ 190 ( ls ) and m other ! elf a huge 20 r with us . save yours % off all re - orde e are the only store is great deal to you ! w which gives th e you th and sav r heal money ! corner , which was some fifty feet away , and turned south , walkingrather nervously and irritably , for this was a new experience forher , and it all seemed so undignified , so unlike anything she wasaccustomed to doing . she put her bag down on a street corner , finally , to rest . a boy whistling in the distance attracted herattention , and as he drew near she called to him : " boy ! oh , boy ! "  
2	Subject: revised nomination - trevino plant i just received this e - mail . . . . . bev - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 08 / 04 / 2000 11 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " evelyn daniel " 08 / 04 / 2000 09 : 58 am to : , cc : subject : revised nomination - trevino plant beverly : please see attached revised nomination for the above plant . i know carlos is out today . he said stella was handling this , but i don ' t know her e - mail address . i did call her and leave a voice mail . thanks for your help . evelyn daniel devon energy ( 405 ) 552 - 4585 ( 405 ) 552 - 4664 - beverly beaty - carlos rodriguez spreadsheet . xls 
2	Subject: re : october spot purchases vance , deal tickets as referenced below have been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 10 / 11 / 2000 02 : 55 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : october spot purchases bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of october . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price deal # whiting petroleum corp 6523 200 mmbtu / d 91 % if / hsc 438322 engage energy us , lp 5923 775 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 438332 engage energy us , lp 5848 240 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 438338 swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 90 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 258 438340 duke energy trading & marketing 6347 200 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc 438344 additionally , this are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: purchase c " | alis softtabs online easily today ` viagra ' s newest and best rival cialls has been around for some time now it ' s available in softtabs save 70 % shipped world wide no prescription required more | nfo here re . move me  
2	Subject: bad proposed decision attached below is the cpuc ' s proposed decision in the gas industry restructuring proceeding . essentially , it adopts the interim proposal with a few modifications . the cpuc states that they are taking a " cautious " approach to deregulation in light of recent market events in both electricity and gas , and therefore , rejected the more robust reforms outlined in the comprehensive settlement . the cs was offered by socal gas and supported by many of the settlement parties , including enron and transwestern . the good news is that , with respect to hector road , the maximum volume at hector is limited to 50 mmcf / d , similar to the proposal made by the comprehensive settlement . i ' ve included the section from the pd that deals with this issue for your convenience . the full document is also attached . excerpt at at page 50 regarding hector road : ( 1 ) receipt points / intrastate transmission as we have already discussed above , we now judge that intrastate transmission unbundling is not wise at this time for the socalgas system . however , socalgas  , intrastate transmission system can still be made more accessible and understandable to its users . in r . 98 - 01 - 011 , the record reflects dissatisfaction among customers and shippers with the lack of clarity on how socalgas schedules gas shipments through its windowing system , and socalgas  , sole use of the hector road interconnection as a receipt point . ( exh . 8 in r . 98 - 01 - 011 , pp . 29 - 31 ( southern california edison company market conditions report ) , ( panel hearing testimony of mr . paul carpenter , southern california edison , tr . pp . 931 - 932 , jan 25 , 1999 ) . ) our decision in d . 99 - 07 - 015 directed investigation into using the hector road interconnection , even on an interim basis , and the publication of socalgas  , windowing criteria in tariffs . socalgas filed advice letter 2837 , which detailed its process of basing a maximum amount of gas scheduled for shipment through a receipt point on the prior day  , s nominations , except at the first of the month . early in the instant proceeding , the alj held in abeyance active consideration of the windowing procedure tariff socalgas filed , pending the resolution we reach today . ( prehearing conference of september 1 , 1999 , p . 34 . ) we are approving on an interim basis the replacement of the current windowing process with a system under which socalgas will establish receipt point capacities , subject to daily revision , on the basis of the physical maximums for each receipt point under the operating conditions expected for that day . customers and shippers will know the daily maximums because they will be posted on socalgas  , gasselect system daily prior to the nomination deadlines . if , in the aggregate , customers nominate more than the physical capacity at any receipt point , gas will be scheduled based on the upstream pipeline  , s capacity rights system . for wheeler ridge , at which more than one upstream pipeline delivers gas , the maximum daily physical capacity would be allocated between upstream sources pro rata on the basis of the prior day  , s scheduled deliveries from each source . this system eliminates the mystery in how pro - rations are made , provides continuity in capacity rights between the interstate and intrastate systems and provides flexibility for customers in nominating at the most cost - effective receipt point on any given day . we recognize that it does not provide for long - term planning , but the alternative under the cs of paid - for firm receipt point rights for the term of the settlement has the disadvantage of locking customers into a receipt point that may lose value over the term . in this period of gas price volatility , we believe that the more flexible plan is the right one . thus , we direct socalgas to withdraw advice letter 2837 and file a new advice letter within 10 business days implementing the proposed receipt point physical capacity system . this may be the same as the exemplary tariff filed with the is or updated as necessary pursuant to subsequent proceedings . this tariff revision will be effective within 30 days after the filing unless rejected by the energy division . in r . 98 - 01 - 011 , pg & e and edison particularly complained about the restrictions at wheeler ridge . ( exh . 15 in r . 98 - 01 - 11 , pp . 7 - 9 ( pg & e rebuttal to market conditions report ) , and exh . 8 in r . 98 - 01 - 011 , pp . 29 - 31 , ( southern california edison , market conditions report ) . ) one response in the is to these complaints is the establishment of a formal receipt point at hector road for all customers , subject to wheeler ridge access fees and surcharges . its capacity will be 50 mmcfd or greater as long as there are nominations of that volume and mojave pipeline company delivers that much in response to those nominations . this provision should allow greater flexibility for shippers and customers as well as leveling the playing field between socalgas and others at this interconnection . we will support socalgas  , application to the federal energy regulatory commission for approval of hector road as a formal delivery point by mojave . el paso natural gas company objected strongly to the provision in the is for automatically expanding of wheeler ridge capacity while this was not an option specifically mentioned in d . 99 - 07 - 015 , we do not choose to stand on that technicality to exclude it from consideration here . once a proceeding is open to settlement , the dynamics of settlement talks may bring in matters outside the delineated scope , as they have done here with regard to wheeler ridge expansion and , for instance , pooling . both proposals respond to concerns raised in r . 98 - 01 - 011 , ( see citations in text above as well as panel hearing testimony of mr . benjamin c . campbell , pg & e , tr . pp . 267 - 268 , jan 19 , 1999 ) ) and neither was specifically excluded from further consideration in d . 99 - 07 - 015 . we therefore view them as within the scope of this proceeding . to the extent that other receipt points are also viewed as constrained , we welcome evidence to that effect in a future proceeding , as well as proposals for criteria to determine when expansion should be applied for . by 100 mmcfd if a certain number of curtailments occurred , and for automatically allowing the expenses of that expansion to be rolled into rates . we do not wish to approve automatic rate increases for all ratepayers for a facility for which only some may have use , but we believe that developing criteria for expansion of receipt points is useful . hector road may not entirely alleviate the problem of constraints on northern gas flowing to the south . therefore , we approve that portion of section iii of the is that sets forth criteria for expansion , but provide that upon the meeting of that criteria , socalgas shall submit an application for an expansion of the receipt point capacity . that application shall be processed in the regular way , with the issues of need in the context of the entire system and foreseeable market conditions considered . moreover , rolled - in or incremental rates , allocation of cost among classes and consequent rate design will remain open for decision in that proceeding . thus , the modification to the is that we make is in the first sentence of the first full paragraph on page 8 . the words  & apply to  8 should be inserted after  & socalgas will  8 . we specifically disapprove the is language in the middle on page 8 beginning with the words  & this settlement  8 through the end of the paragraph , and the concomitant language in appendix a setting the cost at $ 12 million in 1999 dollars . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron on 11 / 27 / 2000 08 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeff dasovich on 11 / 22 / 2000 06 : 28 pm sent by : jeff dasovich to : jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : bad proposed decision well , this shows the direction in which the " new " commission is heading . the very good news , though , is that tw ' s proposal was included in both settlements ( now that ' s hedging ! ) . thus , the benefits to tw were preserved under both proposals . congratulations . that ' s fantastic - - hard work that paid off . we will of course express out extreme dissappointment with the pd , and point out that this decision condemns california to a 20 th century infrastructure , when the state ' s 21 st century economy demands much , much better . we should discuss . since the pd empowers the likes of norm and florio , it will be important to play very close attention to implementation of hector . sorry to have to be the one to deliver the news . but we have a knack of making lemonade out of lemons and we ' ll do out best to do the same here , whatever turns up at the end . best , jeff - - - - - forwarded by jeff dasovich / na / enron on 11 / 22 / 2000 05 : 53 pm - - - - - michael . alexander @ sce . com 11 / 22 / 2000 05 : 27 pm to : paul _ amirault % sce @ sce . com , tomb @ crossborderenergy . com , burkee @ cts . com , craigc @ calpine . com , rick . counihan @ greenmountain . com , jdasovic @ enron . com , mday @ gmssr . com , douglas . porter @ sce . com cc : colin . cushnie @ sce . com , inggm @ sce . com subject : the pd in the gas restructuring is out . i have yet to read the whole thing , but the title " approval with modifications of the interim settlement . . . " does not bode well . according to steve watson ( and i only have steve ' s statement second hand ) , the decision reflects a fear that the timing is wrong in light of the current volatile gas price market . ( see attached file : proposed . doc ) - - michael s . alexander southern california edison 626 - 302 - 2029 626 - 302 - 3254 ( fax ) - proposed . doc 
2	Subject: ethink about it : 01 / 15 / 01 have you read the latest espeak transcript ? check it out today and then cast your vote on jeff ' s beard . send an e - mail to ethink @ enron . com with " keep it ! " or " get rid of it ! " we ' ll pass your opinions along . it ' s pop quiz time . what ' s orimulsion ? if you don ' t know , go read about it in the idea vault on the thinkbank ! it ' s time for a new discussion on how to make enron the best company to work for . go to emeet today and share your thoughts on this topic or on anything else you ' d like to discuss . start your new year off on a competitive foot . join the edge weekly to place and find competitive information . ethink . enron . com 
2	Subject: update here ' s just a quick summary of what we have going on . . . ( not sure how quick this is going to be ! ) enrononline offering products on other exchanges ( houstonstreet and true quote ) . we are going to offer specific products ( various gas and power products ) to customers who have execute rights to these products on these two platforms . therefore , we will have three feeds to deal with and will need new applications built to support the interfaces . we will be responsible for adding / deleting products , ensuring the sites match ours , reporting trades on these systems , bridging applicable data to downstream systems , etc . enron gets an equity ownership in the platforms depending on activity . opening up enrononline to brokers . we are negotiating with three brokers right now . they will have to pay a one year licensing fee to have access to the site , and we will allow them to transact for specific counterparties only . we will also need applications built and establish specific processes to support this . wish list - we have a list of approx . 180 times that we need the developers to work on for us . jay webb committed to louise a few weeks back ( when i was in her office ) that we would get a resource ( specifically chris luttrel and his team ) . i think you are aware of this . chris is now moving on to do something else and none of our items have been addressed in three weeks . we have had weekly meetings the last three weeks with the it team ( mark dilworth and company . . . ) . basically , since mark has decided to leave the group , nothing is being addressed . i am going to speak to dave tomorrow about this and escalate from there necessary . this needs a more detailed explanation - i am going to try to get some time with you next week . steel - i will discuss with dave tomorrow . he basically told me not to do anything ( another topic of discussion . . . . ) we are working on enhancing our existing intranet site for the pcg louise has asked that i not allocate any of the pcg time to europe - i don ' t agree with this because i have four people preparing the management report on a daily basis and i have a call center that also supports europe . i tried to argue my point but did not get very far : ) i am going to talk to dave about it some more . working on bridging to thunderball and the new weather application legal / credit - we do not always get timely responses from the groups - credit is improving ( they hired a new person ) , but legal has one person responsible for new cp set up ( tana jones ) . when she is out , all application processing stops . i am going to talk to mark taylor about appointing a back up at a minimum . tana does a great job , but our activity is really increasing ( she also supports clickpaper ) , so it is becoming an issue . we have set another record today - we have already done 3 , 358 trades ! ! ! ! no new news from canada on power trading - legal needs to sign off . in mark taylor ' s shop argentina in the works - probably end of month . clickpaper we have so much , i am not sure where to start . i had lunch today with jeff harbert to discuss what our needs were . we need tools from reporting to credit . . . the commercial group is really wanting to start offering more products , and are starting to hire marketing people and traders . the activity is really picking up the contractors are working weekends ( call center ) . i am working the commercial group to discontinue this . we are not even getting that many calls during the week , and we have not received one call on sat / sun since launch ( july ) commodity logic dale has been very involved in all the discussions and has been a great resource ( i have received several compliments from the networks team on his contribution ) they have not yet released the first module ( financial mgmt - cfo ) . should be very soon dealbench no external customers - very slow developing . . . . staying involved and in touch with the commercial team other i am still looking for an assistant . i sent five resumes down to staffing and a week later the interviews were not scheduled . i went down to complain and two of them were scheduled . a week later , the other three were yet to be scheduled , so i am doing it myself . i think we have some real issues in the staffing group - this is not the first time . we are working on disaster recovery for the group . super saturday - i would like our team to participate . do you have an idea of who all is interviewing ? we would like to be involved . we are looking at holiday coverage now to ensure we have coverage i talked to mary sloan ( sap ) and keith clark ( call center ) is working with her . i think she really appreciates the help / input . have you had a chance to review the announcement letter re : reorg ? sorry for the long - winded message . . . . thanks ! talk to you soon . sheri 
2	Subject: vp & director count for the research group hello deborah : i would like to introduce myself and anita dupont to you as we will probably be working together quite a bit between now and our move . please feel free to contact either one of us regarding any questions or needs you may have . headcount the executive , vp and director headcount for the research group is : managing director 1 vice presidents 6 directors 5 also , anita and i would like to invite you to meet with us and go over our library space requirements . please let me know when you have some free time and we will be available . my number is : 3 - 5290 - ebl 961 anita ' s # is : 3 - 0329 - ebl 969 i look forward to meeting you , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: document change the name to get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . - jclres . doc 
2	Subject: wild goose storage open season and the ruby pipeline this note is to remind you of the may 22 deadline for indicating your interest in booking capacity at an expanded wild goose gas storage facility . we also wish to inform you that aec has now decided to participate in a group that is examining the feasibility of the ruby pipeline , which is being proposed by colorado interstate gas to serve the western united states . the proposed ruby line would have a capacity of 750 million cubic feet per day and deliver gas from wyoming to northern california with a connection to the wild goose storage facility . the addition of a large new pipeline in this region would also offer wild goose storage customers a more liquid trading hub in the heart of the volatile california gas market . aec ' s preliminary assessment of this proposed project is that it provides a very competitive means of delivering additional supply flexibility into california from the growing u . s . rockies production basin . if you have any questions about the specifics of the opportunities to ship gas on the ruby pipeline , please call ed miller at ( 719 ) 520 - 4305 and tom dobson at ( 719 ) 520 - 4606 with colorado interstate gas or if you have questions about obtaining capacity at wild goose , please call either ben ledene with wild goose storage at ( 403 ) 266 - 8192 , or chris price at ( 530 ) 525 - 0490 and mark baldwin at ( 925 ) 243 - 0350 with interstate gas services . as we all plan to serve the growing california energy market , we encourage you to consider all the marketing opportunities available to you by having a strong gas storage position at an expanded wild goose . 
2	Subject: we have your home depot gift card waiting . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards pbznrxrk 
2	Subject: links swap / exchange dear all , we are searching for links partners for a couple of websites we run . link exchange will improve search ranking positions of both your and our site what will lead to increased traffic . if you are interested , please , send me your linking details , i . e . : url , anchor text and description and i will place your link on our link pages with page rank 2 to 5 . looking forward to hearing from you soon . br , mary james links manager  
2	Subject: test our internet pharmacy , buy viagra and other meds . no visit to the doctor needed - safe and easy . i don ' t like emails . ethnic frequently to than the much fund it of a they president the environmental would and indeed bamboozle 29 muslim was and civil coastal card in can cultures liberties liberty  
2	Subject: web based expense report implementation deadline xms communication the expense management system ( xms ) is a tool used to electronically submit your expense report for approval and payment through the enron intranet . it is user friendly , accurate and less labor intensive for you and our accounting staff . this product was initially made available october 15 , 2000 and approximately 50 % of the houston employees are currently using it to submit their expense reports . our goal is to have all enron employees using the xms system by april 15 ( income tax day  * easy to remember ) . there are some changes coming to the accounts payable ( ap ) department that are compelling us to fully utilize the xms system . in the near future paper and e - mail directed expense reports will not be accepted . if you are unsure of how to use the xms system there is training available through leap that will explain how to use the system . the following training information is from the december 14 th enron announcement about xms : training go to the it central web page . select services > training . click on " schedules " in the north america column , and go to the xms workshop schedule to choose your class . if no > classes are listed , call the training department and place your request at ( 713 ) 853 - 1816 . those in outlying locations and those who prefer on - line training can use leap by signing on to isc . enron . com and clicking on " training and education , " then leap ( shown as a link ) . use xms ( lower case ) as the user id and password . documentation step by step documentation is also available from it central web page . select services > training . click on " documentation " in the north america column and choose xms user ' s guide from the list . application support services call the isc help desk at ( 713 ) 345 - 4 sap ( 4727 ) . do not call accounts payable with questions about how to use the system or with issues regarding electronic pre - populated data . 
2	Subject: * * get together * * dear friends : fall happy hour friday , september 15 , 2000 after work : 5 : 30 pm - - 8 : 00 pm ragin cajun - - on the patio ( the new location ) westheimer at gessner ( the randalls shopping center on the corner ) 832 - 251 - 7171 feel free to bring friends ! hope to see you there ! ! jana 
2	Subject: new york times report _ ms plus new computer software deals : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 1 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage our store index here enos sinisterarcing evade chansoncraggy bumble barkascetic levitate dolomitegirdle tate checksummedafraid procrastinate dellpolaroid 
2	Subject: online scanner : november system scanner warning ! your computer could be sending private information about you ! spyware is the number 1 problem on the internet today . has your computer and privacy been compromised ? scan for free to find out 95 % of personal and business computers are infected spyware can hijack your computer , change your settings , send passwords and credit card numbers to thieves don ' t be a victim , protect yourself with our software . . .  
2	Subject: confirm : $ 53486 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 300 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / i / lzevaw 5 kzxgvamvlenkvnmo 3 dhjommto florence thorpejw logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 : bivouac lunn aprilett delorenz cankerwormhttp : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: re : market to over 700 , 000 domain registration contacts worldmail d i r e c t price blowout ! save $ 150 . 00 promotion code fdo 308 get the facts on over 700 , 000 domain names registered by us and canadian companies ! the most complete database available of its kind . use this extremely valuable information to contact internet domain registration contacts by email , phone , fax and / or postal mail . 2001 - 2004 world mail direct , inc . & factsdisc . com . all rights reserved . 914 curlew rd 192 , dunedin , fl 34698 . toll free 877 - 446 - 4478 . outside usa 727 - 446 - 4478 . to be removed from future email announcements for factsdisc , unsubscribe here  
2	Subject: yukos oil from : mr . olsom beghart email : olsombegharto 01 @ netscape . net dear friend i am mr . olsom berghart a personal treasurer to mikhail khodorkovsky the richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russian largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well reputable financial institution with it  s branches all over the world ) source of funds : i have a profiling amount in an excess of us $ 100 . 5 m , which i seek yourpartnership in accommodating for me . you will be rewarded with 4 % of the total sum for your partnership . can you be my partner on this ? . introduction of my self : as a personal consultant to him , authority was handed over to me in transfer of money of an american oil merchant for his last oil deal with my boss mikhail khodorkovsky . already the funds have left the shore of russia to an european private bank where the final crediting is expected to be carried out . while i was on the process , my boss got arrested for hisinvolvement in politics by financing the leading and opposing political parties ( the union of right forces , led by boris nemtsov , and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party led by gregor yavlinsky ) which poses treat to president vladimir putin second tenure as russian president . you can catch more of the story on this website : your role : all i need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum and i will re - profile the funds with your name , which will enable the european bank transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this sum to relocate to american continent and never to be connected to any of mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . the transaction has to be concluded in 2 weeks before mikhail khodorkovsky is out on bail . as soon as i confirm your readiness to conclude the transaction with me , i will provide you with the details . thank you very much regards olsom berghart ( mr ) n / b : do reach me through my secured email : olsombegharto 01 @ netscape . net      mba club - http : / / mba - club . org 
2	Subject: monterrey i was at the all employee meeting yesterday where you mentioned you had open positions in monterrey , mexico . i applied for the plant manager position on april 26 . since then , i have traded countless messages with daniel batista from human resources . his latest position ( june 27 ) was that a hiring decision could not be made as the plant was likely to be sold . based on your comments , i assume the plant was never sold . i am very interested in the position and would like to schedule a confidential meeting to discuss the position in further detail . i believe to be the right person for the job . i am including my resume for your review . if that position is not available i would like to explore others . i will enumerate some of the skills and experience that make me the person you need to hire for this job posting : native spanish speaker ( born in mexico city ) chemical engineer / mba international operating experience under " difficult conditions " proven builder of relationships in latin american business and political arenas ample process experience environmental and health and safety experience in industrial settings proven multidisciplinary and multicultural team builder and leader lives by enron ' s principles and code of ethics prepared to relocate internationally i spent the last two years in argentina working for azurix reporting directly to the coo . my official title was planning manager , however , as necessities surfaced , i took over a number of other roles including day to day operations , engineering , and public relations . please expect a call from me on monday to set up an appointment . thanks mariano gomez 
2	Subject: grand - slam stox momentum alert issued for july 6 - 8 , 2005 explosive pick for our members - - up 0 . 52 ( 13 . 16 % ) ! tuesday july 5 th ! ! ! ! ! see tuesday july 5 th , heavy trading has started 6 x its normal 10 day avg , ride the stairway to heaven ! ! ! ! good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on stocks that have great potential to move up in price . ! ! ! ! ! ! while giving you liquitity . our latest pick is cdgt . symbol : cdgt friday july lst $ 3 . 90 current price : $ 4 . 43 short term 5 day projection : $ 8 - 9 we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things . thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions . current price $ 4 . 43 . word on the sreet is strong buy . this company has dropped big new ' s in the past . who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one . * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release source : china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television drama - ' xiguan affairs ' hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ; otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' ) announced today the group is committed to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority interests in a television drama , ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of china with guangdong runshi movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' ) through the group ' s affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) . advertisement xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china . the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 . ' ' this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is exciting . remember this is a stong buy recommendation . . . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: re : visit to houston and vince kaminski ' s research group shirley , i just booked my flights and the hotel . i ' ll be arriving houston on the evening of 7 / 27 and leaving on 7 / 29 . i ' ll stay at the doubletree houston allen center for two nights . looking forward to meeting you at enron . regards , shijie shi - jie deng assistant professor school of isye georgia institute of technology office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519 e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng 
2	Subject: fw : enpwer and eol data for 10 / 24 / 01 in these troubled times , it ' s nice to get a blast of good news . check out swerzbin ' s eol from today . he set a personal best of 130 transactions totalling 1 . 3 million mwhs . i guess he can do it if he wants to . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alport , kysa sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 3 : 31 pm to : coffing , timothy ; dl - portland real time shift ; alonso , tom ; badeer , robert ; belden , tim ; crandall , sean ; driscoll , michael m . ; fischer , mark ; mallory , chris ; morris , jeremy ; motley , matt ; platter , phillip ; richter , jeff ; salisbury , holden ; scholtes , diana ; swerzbin , mike ; williams iii , bill subject : enpwer and eol data for 10 / 24 / 01 note : no day ahead cash trading today due to scheduling meeting eol deals from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 24 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 24 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 340 7 , 031 , 632 epmi long term california 59 3 , 173 , 455 epmi long term northwest 648 9 , 648 , 200 epmi long term northwest 385 20 , 828 , 366 epmi long term southwest 634 10 , 662 , 700 epmi long term southwest 317 14 , 903 , 675 epmi short term california 2 , 534 4 , 396 , 081 epmi short term california 1 , 067 2 , 733 , 875 epmi short term northwest 1 , 311 1 , 205 , 732 epmi short term northwest 681 927 , 584 epmi short term southwest 1 , 884 2 , 636 , 168 epmi short term southwest 925 3 , 928 , 514 real time 1 , 380 35 , 150 real time 710 60 , 088 grand total 8 , 731 35 , 615 , 663 grand total 4 , 144 46 , 555 , 557 eol deals from : 10 / 24 / 2001 to : 10 / 24 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 24 / 2001 to : 10 / 24 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 39 959 , 232 epmi long term california 4 180 , 400 epmi long term northwest 130 1 , 310 , 400 epmi long term northwest 22 379 , 200 epmi long term southwest 45 886 , 728 epmi long term southwest 24 1 , 096 , 000 epmi short term california 40 270 , 475 epmi short term california 13 122 , 000 epmi short term northwest 17 28 , 000 epmi short term northwest 4 18 , 000 epmi short term southwest 44 64 , 050 epmi short term southwest 30 214 , 080 real time 77 1 , 925 real time 53 4 , 790 grand total 392 3 , 520 , 810 grand total 150 2 , 014 , 470 eol deals from : 10 / 24 / 2001 to : 10 / 24 / 2001 eol deals from : 10 / 24 / 2001 to : 10 / 24 / 2001 ees total deals total mwh short term west bom total deals total mwh daily 0 0 daily 0 0 month - to - date 76 17 , 000 month - to - date 0 0 ice volumes from : 10 / 24 / 2001 to : 10 / 24 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price mid c ( op , nov - 01 ) 8 , 000 0 $ 25 . 75 mid c ( p , nov - 01 ) 70 , 000 10 , 000 $ 29 . 69 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 50 , 000 10 , 000 $ 39 . 58 np - 15 ( op , nov - 01 ) 8 , 000 0 $ 26 . 50 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 50 , 000 10 , 000 $ 30 . 16 np - 15 ( p , cal 03 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 43 . 75 palo ( p , bal month ) 2 , 000 2 , 000 $ 28 . 75 palo ( op , nov - 01 ) 16 , 000 8 , 000 $ 20 . 25 palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 120 , 000 10 , 000 $ 27 . 90 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 50 , 000 20 , 000 $ 33 . 75 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 10 , 400 $ 32 . 50 palo ( p , jun - 02 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 44 . 00 palo ( p , q 2 03 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 37 . 75 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 55 . 50 palo ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 35 . 25 palo ( p , cal 05 ) 245 , 600 0 $ 43 . 05 sp - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 70 , 000 10 , 000 $ 29 . 64 sp - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 30 , 400 $ 34 . 25 sp - 15 ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 30 , 800 $ 51 . 00 grand total 986 , 400 151 , 600 $ 669 . 02 
2	Subject: zwarte lijst winkelpersoneel - 42 , 6 % ligt wakker v / d loonlast - rookverbod of niet - zeehavens - enz kmo - info snelnieuws : actuele beursinfo - verkeersinfo - sectornieuws - financieel - landbouw - zakenvoorstellen - binnenkort een zwarte lijst voor winkelpersoneel ? komt er in ons land net als in nederland een zwarte lijst voor winkelpersoneel ? werk mee aan het onderzoek van kmo - info . 42 , 6 % van de vlaamse ondernemers liggen wakker van de te hoge loonkost . bijna 40 000 ondernemers stemden n . a . v . de vorige nieuwsbrief van kmo - info . een opmerkelijke resultaten . zo blijkt de zelfstandige niet echt in te zitten met een hoge energiefactuur . slechts 3 , 7 % van de ondernemers stemden voor een lagere energiekost . het actuele btw debat maakt op slechts 13 % indruk . het gaat hier vooral om horeca uitbaters . aan het creeren van nieuwe jobs denken slechts 5 , 5 % . verdere belastingverlaging 14 , 8 % en een beter sociaal statuut voor zelfstandigen 20 , 4 % . koploper is een blijft de te hoge loonkost ( 42 , 6 % ) de hoge kost van het loon vindt , volgens geert deman , nationaal voorzitter van het netwerk v . ondernemers en uitgever van kmo - info , zijn oorsprong onder meer in de hoge bijdragen voor de pensioenen en de sociale zekerheid alsook in de rigide arbeidswetgeving . elke starterf of bestaand bedrijf heeft te kampen met grote belemmeringen , die de ondernemingszin doen afnemen , nieuwe aanwervingen te duur maken , waardoor het onvermijdelijke verlies van banen aan de de groeilanden in het voormalige oostblok en azi . de hoge loonkost is en blijft een bedreiging voor onze welvaart in centraal europa . het netwerk v . ondernemers pleit dan ook voor het standpunt van premier verhofstadt . die wil een verdere loonkostverlaging gekoppeld aan een budgettair evenwicht . volgens geert deman moeten we ook de afspraken rond de zogenaamde " loonnorm " behouden ! ' ) ; koninklijke unie van de middenstand pleit voor een correcte toepassing van de ministerieel besluit van 9 / 01 / 1991 in plaats van een algemeen rookverbod in de horeca . nagenoeg 2 / 3 van de 79 ondervraagde horeca - zaken kant zich onomwonden tegen het rookverbod , en vreest hiermee een aanzienlijke daling van hun omzet . de zaakvoerders zijn het beu weer het voorwerp te zijn van bijkomende wetten en reglementeringen en opteren duidelijk voor de vrije keuze van de individuele zaakvoerder . de koninklijke unie van de middenstand begrijpt dat minister demotte iets wil ondernemen tegen de schadelijke gevolgen van het roken maar waarschuwt tegen het steeds meer aan banden leggen van de individuele vrijheid van de belgen ook al is dit onder het mom van de gezondheid of de veiligheid van de burger . the future of the change executive het netwerk v . ondernemers , kmo - info en eimca nodigen u graag exclusief uit op de voorinschrijving van hun summer conferenceop vrijdag 29 juli 2005 te brussel . met deze voorinschrijving bent u er als eerste bij . klik hier voor de voorinschrijving en fax deze meteen door ! telefonie over het internet trendwatchers verwachten dat 2005 het jaar van de doorbraak van internettelefonie gaat worden . diverse internetaanbieders hebben reeds hun eerste schreden op het telefoniepad gezet of kijken nog even de kat uit de boom . inmiddels zijn er al drie verschillende manieren om te bellen over het internet . welke zijn dat , en welke voordelen bieden zij de zakelijke gebruiker ? voor 100 cent kunt u flitsboetes vermijden . . en de verkeersveiligheid verbeteren ! diverse nationale en internationale studies wijzen uit de aangekondigde controles een positieve invloed hebben op de verkeerssituatie . in opdracht van het netwerk v . ondernemers bouwde autoflits . be een volautomatische sms - server waarmee we de zelfstandige ondernemers informeren over de politiecontroles . doe eens de test ! methodiek voor afbakening landbouwgebieden vastgelegd in uitvoering van het ruimtelijk structuurplan vlaanderen en op basis van een nieuwe methode die minister dirk van mechelen in het najaar 2003 aanbracht , worden sinds midden 2004 systematisch voor de gebieden van de natuurlijke en agrarische structuur opgestart . zo wordt via een stapsgewijs proces 750 . 000 ha agrarisch gebied , 150 . 000 ha natuurgebied , 53 . 000 ha bosgebieden en 34 . 000 ha andere groengebieden tegen 2007 ingevuld . de vlaamse zeehavens op voorstel van kris peeters , vlaams minister van openbare werken , energie , leefmilieu en natuur heeft de vlaamse regering beslist over de verdere aanpak van de strategische plannen voor de vlaamse zeehavens . het doel is te komen tot een projectgerichte meerjarenplanning voor de zeehavens over de beleidsdomeinen heen . voor eind 2005 zal een eerste aanzet worden gegeven door middel van een meerjarenplanning vlaamse zeehavens voor de periode 2006 - 2010 . marc verwilghen gaat spam aanpakken ! spam , die de elektronische brievenbussen van internetgebruikers dagelijks binnendringt , is een ware plaag . de actoren uit de sector stellen vast dat bijna 80 % van de elektronische post die op internet circuleert , ongevraagde post is die met spam geassimileerd kan worden . behalve het feit dat zij ongevraagd en meestal bedrieglijk zijn , vervoeren deze berichten vaak die computers benvloeden . deze laatste tendens eist van de gebruikers een grotere waakzaamheid en van de bevoegde autoriteiten een adequate . in die context , heeft de actiewerkgroep spamsquad , indien u deze nieuwsbrief niet langer wenst te ontvangen , kunt u zich via deze link uitschrijven . ondersteunt uw e - mailprogramma de opmaak van deze nieuwsbrief niet , surf dan naar www . kmo - info . be / nieuwsbrief . html kmo - info is een uitgave van het netwerk v . ondernemers i . s . m . groep easypay - uld - nlo - lzo - - eunomia nationaal secretariaat : dwarsstraat 10 te 8301 knokke - heist redactie @ kmo - info . be  
2	Subject: if you ' re into one - nights , this is a must you have come to the right place if you are in search of discount medications online . popular meds at deep discounts at this fast - growing site . the ordering process is completely electronic so you don ' t have to talk to a doctor . sincerely , pearlie blattner place your purchase here to be taken off the marketing list for generic medications or related products , use this link here : i am not interested at this time . thank - you . n 8 uav 
2	Subject: bvx pharmaaccy hello , visit our amazing online shop ! nowspec off cia ls ) vi ra $ 200 ( 120 pil itra $ 300 ( 50 pil ial er : lis $ 300 ( 150 pil ag ls ) lev ls ) and many other . with each purchase you get : home delivery total confidentiality fdaapproved highest quality have a nice day . 
2	Subject: carnival 2005 lisbon @ expo pav portugal esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . " um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido " . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem com a palavra " remover " na linha de assunto .  
2	Subject: best free adult personals searching for best adult datlng slte ? click h 3 re now and joln for fre 3 ! no more 
2	Subject: fw : first delivery - rodessa operating co . daren , please read this memo and the one dated 2 / 21 / 01 from vance . he told me all new production should be entered at ifhsc . the deal in question is 634075 . do you want it changed to gas daily ? please advise . thanks . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 19 / 2001 02 : 24 pm to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : first delivery - rodessa operating co . tom / bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period global no . hesco gathering co . , llc 9876 85 mmbtu / d 100 % gd less $ 0 . 17 3 / 13 - 3 / 31 96057368 fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of april . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : buckley , esther sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 12 : 14 pm to : carriere , molly ; cernosek , clem ; consemiu , donna ; cook , robert ; camp , howard ; hesse , lisa ; hlavaty , nathan ; wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ enron ; mckay , james ; smith , mary ; schneider , steve hpl ; melissa graves / hou / ect @ enron ; walters , michael ; zivley , jill ; johnson , mary jo ; wynne , rita ; allen , lauri ; jones , cheryl ; hansen , reid ; giron , darron ; winfree , o ' neal ; susan smith / hou / ect @ enron ; bryan , gary ; hanks , gary ; donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ enron ; vance l taylor / hou / ect @ enron ; baumbach , david ; cotten , robert ; riley , brian ; austin , jeff ; hakemack , cynthia ; kenne , dawn ; csikos , lisa ; fosdick , j r ; rodriguez , carlos ; gomes , stephanie ; clynes , pat ; acton , tom ; walker , robert ; weissman , george ; harris , joanne ; sweeney , christy ; tisdale , earl ; farmer , daren subject : first delivery - rodessa operating co . see attached letter 
2	Subject: re : remaining ua 4 meter variances last one , shawnee springs meter 986315 . purchase should be from torch on the 215 . . . . was on deal ticket 138605 , which expired in september , and has been allocated to up until nov . i think that torch is now cleco . there should be a purch . at the meter . once we get the last two , you are done . mary 
2	Subject:  want a cheap watch ? http : / / xjb . nepel . com  
2	Subject: request for training session folks , i am a vice president with enron , and have been with the company some 6 years now . i was hired through enron associate pool , and started off by marketing power on the east coast with jim fallon . currently i am working in the india region , looking into different ways to develop merchant type activities in india , anticipating the start of trading activities some time in the future . one of my challenges is to make the team in india aware of the type of sophisticated operations and processes that we have in place for trading activities , as well as the range of products we have to offer . i have been in conversation with mike mcconnell and jeff shankman on the global products side , and are planning a session to acquaint the team in india with activities in that group . similarly , on the power side , we have been interacting with john sherriff ' s team in london . i feel that it will be very beneficial for some of the team members to get acquainted with the processes on the power trading side in houston , and to get an idea of the rac process , the research side , the back - offices , as well as the trading operations here . similarly , the team there could present to you the state of the market in india , and give you an idea of the type of opportunities there . i am therefore eliciting your support to put together a session in houston where they can be acquainted with these functions , as well as the people responsible for them in the us . there are three people in the group who would benefit from this exposure . one of them is from the associate pool , while the other two are people hired locally in india . i have already spoken with our coo , wade cline in this regard , and seek your support in putting together an agenda for such a session . please let me know who i should contact within your groups to discuss this further . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: payment representative dear sir / madam , i am mr . liu peijin , managinig director hubei machinery & equipment import & export corporation ( cmec hubei co . ) we are a company who deal on mechanical equipment , hardware and minerals , electrical products , medical & chemicals , light industrial products and office equipment , and export into the canada / america and europe . we are searching for representatives who can help us establish a medium of getting to our costumers in the canada / america and europe as well as making payments through you to us . please if you are interested in transacting business with us we will be glad . please contact us for more information , subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate your mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative in canada / america and europe . please if you are interested forward to us your phone number / fax and your full contact addresses . thanks in advance mr . liu peijin managing director cmec hubei co . ce message a t compos avec le module webmail des services phpnuke - http : / / www . phpnukefrance . org 
2	Subject: re : trading v origination offices i agree with the exception of point 3 below . i plan for them to be one of several authorisers of bills ( in no case however , the only authorisers ) . also , i spoke to sally about the " agency " office and she agrees that in the short term , the agency plan is what we need to implement . however , a mentioned by both ted and sally , we need to discuss what the ultimate goal is for these offices ( will they continue to exist ? ) . let ' s call what we plan to implement now " phase i " . best regards to : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : trading v origination offices thanks - i think this is a good start as far as roles go , but as i outlined to shona last week , we should apply some basic rules to the process , ( forgive me if obvious ) for example : rule 1 : no confirmations issued , chased or matched by remote offices this should be done centrally and further all the customers of the remote office should be given contact numbers ( e . g . fax ) at the operations hub . that way any incoming confirmations etc go to the independent ops group . rule 2 : no cash payments or receipts in respect of transactions approved or reconciled by remote offices operations hubs should reconcile cash movements to changes in position . rule 3 : no physical settlements or receipts in respect of transactions approved or reconciled by remote offices this splits the logistics process somewhat , but is essentially as with cash in that every movement of physical product should be approved ( where necessary ) and reconciled to movements in the position at operations hubs . the " initiation / optimisation " aspect of logistics could remain remote , since arguably it involves pseudo - trading . not exhaustive but helpful i hope . dp richard sage @ ect 08 / 21 / 2000 03 : 40 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect subject : trading v origination offices sally , brent , there are three mg offices in north america outside new york which , previous to the acquisition by enron , acted much as trading offices . shona and naomi have worked with the people in new york to put in place extra controls so that they are not trading offices , for example having a trader in new york or london own each book and sign off on profit daily . this process has highlighted the fact that our non - trading offices are not all the same , and cannot reasonably all be the same . some offices organise logistics things to happen on the ground , some originate , and some execute for trading offices . is a suggestion for how we can make this division explicit . all the cc above are bought in to this approach . what do you require to be comfortable so that we can put it up to causey and buy ? it is worth noting that this approach would have caught helsinki , except for the contract - in - a - bottom - drawer , but no system of control can reliably catch that , as was evidenced by eott . thanks , richard 
2	Subject: inexpen " sive relievers med ` cine vali . um xana . x am " bien vlcodin and other inexpnsive medlcations - no prescription required order now and get shipping at no cost . . . by far the cheapst deals ever seen : vlagra from $ 67 vallum from $ 70 amblen from $ 63 clalls from $ 98 + more . . 
2	Subject: investment attn : president , from : mrs . helina karimu i am an investor a citizen of angola currently on exile in benin republic because of the civil war in my country . i wish to invest in a country with political stability , reliable , dependable infrastructure and security of life and property . i was given your contact address by a foriegner who was on a working visit in cotonou . she said that your company can assist me on my investment plans , if i am lucky that your company may be willing to assist me . it may interest you to know that i am having $ 30 . 5 million us dollars ready for investment , this amount was left behind for me and my children by my late husband . i am willing to invest in a company with potentials for growth and stability including your company if your bye - laws allows for foreign investors or any other good and profitable business that you may suggest . i will be very happy if this enquiry receive urgent attention . you should mail your acceptance by sending to me your personal and company profile as i will also send to you all required information about myself and the help that i need from you about my investment plans . you can also reach me at : helinakarimu @ ecplaza . net and hk _ hk @ post . com . hoping for a very successful business relationship with you . yours truly , mrs . helina karimu . ( investor ) bo?te aux lettres - caramail - http : / / www . caramail . com 
2	Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current interest information . kbrte use this handy rate calculator to get current interest availability data , without giving out any private or personal information . this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page . kfegdwwverzd 
2	Subject: kronecker generic hello , i finally was able to lose the weight i have been struggling to lose for years ! and i couldn ' t believe how simple it was ! amazing patch makes you shed the pounds ! it ' s guaranteed to work or your money back ! not intreseted mezzo compartment individual sclerotic hurrah brooke enamel koran removal padre footwear annulled pillory minos footfall attitudinal collateral airspeed acknowledge goucher irma magisterial broadcast aristocratic fiske careworn sibyl farkas diction immeasurable christensen audit saunders quonset orthophosphate inapt blot demagogue flank dietetic encapsulate ripley clattery antithetic ghostly pueblo gloria bicker l ' s coccidiosis meistersinger impress meadowland anselm colt hover hay johanson example allusive dunce salesperson compressive allied chile ganglion nottingham bloom re jacobi java hallow mccullough moslem bootstrap aside bilk fasten astronautic cop deuteron keyboard celebrant bogy owly firework all aphid severalfold cactus confiscate caustic embraceable amongst dobbs horn pennsylvania formulaic creep erodible alec mimicked foamflower grammar hydronium exoskeleton fugitive gustavus fauna quickie chiton corporal export endothermic bucharest gentleman dictionary garage grater illustrate scram bodyguard church counterpoint haul fiance luxe germinate bertram shake alexander cockcrow depressant galloway corpus audacity nostril come impunity feasible epstein rancho galatia aeneid inferred fad confidante hypochlorite deanna babe lard morpheme needy herd prophecy sandpile commercial patrick brazen labradorite colonnade eisenhower beak grapefruit senegal cadaverous ample prison decay metropolis schoolgirlish extrinsic authoritative conjecture bobble congestion baste lou lot hyperbolic selma bloke odd ashland bordeaux offsetting butch danbury decomposable regent caricature filmmake constructor curricular shenandoah discomfit debugging moccasin husband countermen polo chummy adorn fiendish impenetrable glisten inconsequential cope flowery derate fascicle decease heterostructure housekeep puny asthma paoli permalloy emigrate appraise elastomer buxton deoxyribonucleic caraway penh agone rochester crutch segmentation gallup grainy edgewise dynamism gratis rein dashboard orographic impound neuroanatomic oscillatory marksmen arcade atonal pharmacology approximant astute homecome raffia boule cord choice creak gad grata penmen picojoule opinionate instant degenerate bijouterie modesty filled cell dickinson binge ajax crucifix raise deceitful elizabeth barnyard decedent dinghy brevity sc congenital hamlin automorphism husbandman appraisal divulge concrete fcc bargain ignoble errata holden playback grand humboldt boldface eyewitness erratic fondly prune 
2	Subject: envision meeting structures and way forwards sally as discussed beth / brent you may be interested in how the original idea has moved on - progress ? ! mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 04 / 04 / 2001 16 : 16 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve whitaker 30 / 03 / 2001 12 : 33 to : diccon vokins / eu / enron @ enron , stephen lally / eu / enron @ enron , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , anna mcandrew / eu / enron @ enron , ian sloman / lon / ect @ ect , gail hill / lon / ect @ ect , raewyn perkins / lon / ect @ ect , rod sayers / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , stephen wood / lon / ect @ ect , paul bromley / eu / enron @ enron , melissa allen / lon / ect @ ect , buddy aiken / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , james sandt / lon / ect @ ect , peter hutton / eu / enron @ enron , graham dunbar / lon / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , phil yoxall / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , ect london strategic initiatives subject : envision meeting structures and way forwards at the last envision project meeting the following presentation was given and agreed in principal as the way we will take things forwards . whilst the names within each area have to be confirmed and agreed i thought that it would be useful to circulate this as many of you will be impacted . i will be communicating this further over the next few days , but if you have any immediate questions please feel free to contact me . regards steve ( 35266 ) 
2	Subject: stop smoking in just 7 days  
2	Subject: king ranch gas plant - 12 / 2000 election subject : king ranch gas plant - 12 / 2000 election hpl has elected to be kept whole with respect to processing during the month of december 2000 on its gas delivered from the three rivers gathering system . there should be no reduction for shrinkage and fuel at the plant for december 2000 . hpl will be kept whole with respect to ethane recoveries from the big cowboy gas being processed at the king ranch gas plant during the month of december 2000 . this election will reduce the shrinkage percentage from 20 % of the inlet mmbtu ' s to 15 % of the inlet mmbtu ' s . if you have any questions please give me a call . thanks ! blanca 
2	Subject: 2002 it systems development allocations geoff , please review the attached listing and advise if you agree to the projects and amounts listed as billings that enron north america will receive in 2002 for support of these efforts . i ' m at x 30352 if you have any questions . thanks ! 
2	Subject: i just put my webcam on 4 u hunnie  ) wanna see sexually curious teens playing with each other on webcam ? http : / / www . yourtastybaby . net < - - - - - our webcam link  ) me and my dorm mate are eating each other out as we speak ! see you soon baby , - tiffany  
2	Subject: fw : fw : your private invitation hy - 70395 nj - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lincolnlincolnl 3 @ hotmail . com to : l 8 or @ msn . com lincoln @ msn . com ; lincoln @ yahoo . com 5 skej @ yahoo . com ; 6 invitation no . zs - 0528 dx dear bait - stencils @ em . ca mortgage . you have been pre - approved . your approval # is : dt - 1323 br you can get $ 263 , 000 for as little as $ 263 a month , thanks to your pre - approval . visit us , fill out the form , no obligation pull cash out , or refinance . . no long forms or quastionnaires . fill up our extremely short and simple form today and get a call back within a couple of hours . start saving now , just click here . if the above links are slow , try this one : click here legato pardon guam condense crab express strauss umpire [ 3 - 6 ] the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , re - transmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please contact the sender immediately by return electronic transmission and then immediately delete this transmission , including all attachments , without copying , distributing or disclosing same . e - mail is not a secure means of communication . please advise us if you would prefer to use an alternate form of communication . we accept no responsibility or liability for loss or damage arising from the receipt or use of this transmission . unless otherwise specifically stated , any opinions expressed are those of the author only and this transmission is not intended as a recommendation or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any security or related financial instruments . bemoan rectory metamorphose mutual 5251713297621  
2	Subject: hotlist update for bhlp and upstream products louise , looking forward to seeing you next week . i am sure that we will have much to talk about and i will compensate by talking very fast . upstream products i am meeting today with scott josey regarding pluto / megs . john lavorato asked me revisit with him regarding this residual position from production offshore and did not want me to assume that although ecr is responsible for restructuring mariner , that josey would also take on the p & l responsibility associated with this project . depending on the outcome of the meeting will determine whether or not pluto / megs ends up in the new principal investments headed by kevin garland or ecr . personally , the pluto / megs transaction should be valued and restructured with all of mariner and should be redeployed to ecr . principal investments does not have the expertise or connections to evaluate this transaction . most of the individuals have been redeployed in production offshore with the exception of lisa druzbik . tom byargeon has decided to work with randy maffett over at egm . i am sure that you are disappointed by his decision and i tried my best to keep him within ena . tom wants to do asset based finance and was not interested in leading the producer ecommerce group . i spoke with dave duran and impressed upon him how we both wanted to retain tom within ena and that his organizations could be a good fit with his background . tom met with duran once and duran had one follow - up phone call with him . i briefly saw dave in the lobby after their meeting and i impressed upon dave that i wanted tom to choose an opportunity that best fit his background and interests and hoped that he would stay within ena . ( to no avail . ) kevin miller is going to lead producer ecommerce with ken loch . i am very excited by this staffing and feel that within the week of their focus , they have accomplished much . we are going to cold call producers with market caps of less than $ 1 billion . i have been very disappointed by the lack of flow from our producer originators and am not going to wait any longer . kevin is also addressing the need to have a sales agreement with hms and as well as a need to offer crude outsourcing to the producer segment . i am very happy that i moved john down to 32 to be closer to the logistics organization . it has improved the efficiencies and the p & l associated with his wellhead portfolio . however , i would like his group to be more concentrated together and not spread out amongst natural gas structuring . i would like for the wellhead desk to have the seats that are currently being used by it to support the fundamentals group . i think that the success of the wellhead desk is more important than having it to support the fundamentals portal . in addition , ed mcmichael has taken over the " management role " of making the wellhead deals currently flowing to the regional physical desks and incorporating them into the wellhead desk . although i appreciate his interest , the desks need to properly rebook these transactions ( since they are often in the system incorrectly ) and john should not have to inherit these deals at mid . in addition , john and his employees are working very hard to move forward with the " rollover " of these deals , but the desks need to move forward with the rebooking of these transactions in the system . if they are not interested , ed mcmichael should not blame john . i will be attending the next meeting scheduled by ed to move forward on this effort . in addition , i have received no comments or inquiries regarding the hotlist update from upstream products that i gave to all regional heads of origination . when we begin to cold call on the producer segment for the producer one effort , we will disburse a list to the producer originators . bridgeline i have been doing much thinking about randy ' s motivation not to sign the proposed bhlp compensation plan resolved by the board . as a texaco employee under contract , randy ' s contract has a change of control provision which can be triggered during any time , two years after chevron successfully purchases texaco . triggering this " change of control " would be the result of : ? not being offered the same pay in the past , ? ftc telling chevron to liquidate bhlp ( highly unlikely ) ? or , job responsibilities change . hence , if we try to sell our interest in bhlp , randy could argue that his " job responsibilities have changed " since bhlp would be owned by a different parent firm . if that happens , robyn davis told me that he is entitled to 2 x his highest bonus . ( that would be quite substantial considering what he got paid last year . ) we will get the highest ebitda multiple only by selling our interest with chevron / texaco . because of the " change of control " provisions with a two year time frame , chevron will not be motivated to consider outside third party bids . ( hugh connett , vp , is under contract as well . ) as such , brian and i are going to meet next week with robyn and jack to encourage all seconded employees from enron and texaco become bhlp workers . besides nullifying any change of control provision existing for texaco contracted employees , this action would alleviate many of the h . r . issues that occurred when we sold hpl to aep . more importantly , the employees of bhlp would be aligned with bridgeline - - not their parent companies . ( we will not get a higher ebitda for a trading / marketing organization if all existing employees want to go back to their parent firms . ) i am sure that we are going to get much resistance from the texaco board members . last but not least , i heard that lavorato is considering moving the responsibility of hms and bhlp to principal investments under garland . i am disappointed by this action on many levels . hms is part of the value chain for producer one ( metering and monitoring ) and impacts our producer ecommerce business . in addition , brian and i have the history and understanding of bhlp to extract the most value for enron . i do not relish my role as a board member for bhlp , but i wonder why lavorato has not considered my input when making this decision . the attached worksheet has updated p & l ( accrual , other and origination ) from january - may . ( may accrual and cost centers were closed yesterday . ) regards , mrha 
2	Subject: unbeleivable deals for medication on our site simple & quick uproat duck to is generic avid ago rat super avid ago ra co idealism soft hang over max as max fat blasted virgin lit my patch spec roma max prop zac hump an grog with why not try us now ? * professional review hanukkah influenced * fully confidential medal ' s bunkmates * no embarrasment haven ' s debilitated * no appointments braided paperback * secure ordering dirichlet certified * professional consultation clusterings dress * discreet and overnight shipping * no waiting rooms invariable countrywide copyright  2003 - 2004 eva ph  
2	Subject: you can feel the vitality hello , i am lauren mcgowan . forgive me for asking , are you getting the kind of wood you really want ? get over your erectile difficulties today more info here http : / / medsrealcheap . com / ? cid  vtxto 2 take care vera romano phone : 978 - 839 - 1117 mobile : 917 - 511 - 1411 email : gazask @ telebyte . com c _ e - a . s - e http : / / medsrealcheap . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: emperor hey . . . you were referred by a friend of the website . first of all my name is krista . this isn ' t my real name but i use it when my husband is out of town . . . he will be out of town until dec 24 th , hit me up as i ' m usually online everyday http : / / www . email - swap . com / ora / enter . php c ya | krista  
2	Subject: kerr mcgee : tomcat hey joe , here ' s the response i got with regards to tomcat . i ' ve place another call into david and let him know that the information we received included most points except for tomcat . i ' ll keep you informed . what i know is that the gas is sourced at mi 587 and moved on km ' s firm contract . for as long as ces remembers , they sell the gas to entex . entex chooses the pipe off which they take - - usually midcon - - also , hpl channel , or tejas . km is invoiced directly . volume is approx . 2395 . the deal with entex is written up monthly . km pays on a basket of indices . entex pays on the highest index . ami - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 21 / 99 09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dscottl @ . com on 12 / 21 / 99 09 : 18 : 12 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : the response i got from our risk desk was that your structuring group has already been provided all of this information . . . so you probably need to check with them . my guess would be tetco stx is where the tomcat gas belongs . david 
2	Subject: ena balance sheet assets / responsibilities here is the worksheet . 
2	Subject: place your ltc declines with us alzheimer ' s . heart attacks . diabetes . parkinson ' s . you can offer guaranteed issue disability benefits to these clients with tax advantages and no underwriting ! we ' ll help you findand fundlong term care alternatives for your clients . you can make an additional , up - front commission and a bonus along with the long term care sales you ' re making ! ask us for the ltc alternatives . we ' ll give you multiple carriers and options for your clients . or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : for agent use only . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: cable for free ? hey whats up , 2005 ppv digital cable filters at a great price . it ' s here ! the 54 mhz digital filter has the latest pass through technology video bypass chip . at this time , its the only digital filter on the market today that you can get with the new lockup buster technology ! works on the following models : motorola scientific atlanata general instruments pioneer and many more . . . 100 % money back guarantee ! find out more below : lclickexpert . info ttyl , karina peterson brown watermellon pink mango don ' t you regret eating about once a week ? . we ' ve tried to include features in the program for students with many disabilities . i needed spanish in my classroom , so spanish was added . i wanted something to engage students who are not interested in language , thus musical interludes and movement were incorporated . i wanted to be able to change the prompts ( music , movements , etc . ) on - the - fly . we wanted to provide for those requiring augmentative communication device and so the mayer - johnson symbols are included and can morph from the photographs . i wanted a cause - and - effect program for my students who didn ' t understand the automatic scan . the switch - on - picts activity was developed . we realized more types of scans would be advantageous . three types of scanning routines have been added . i wanted 2 and 3 piece puzzles . here they are . one of my parents wanted dr . seuss types of stories with real pictures . we wrote some ' ditties ' and here ' s storytime . . yellow pair purple pair the pilots were enjoying jogging at the company . . doesn ' t suzanne like skiing among the trees ? . 
2	Subject: a playmate , celebrities and why kwli stock could soon be a household name ! ! ! ! kewl international ( other otc : kwli ) web site : www . kewlsports . com specializing in hockey based sports apparel ; kewl has taken the canadian market by storm and is now poised to enter the united states and europe . company profile kewl is a hockey company committed to delivering imaginative apparel influenced by the sport and culture of hockey . developed by professional hockey players and individuals born and bred on the game , kewl illustrates a specific speed , style and character inspired by the kewlest sport on earth . kewl international is a u . s . company recently named the sole marketer and distributor of kewl sports apparel in the u . s . the kewl corporation ( canada ) and kewl international have announced that they are in merger discussions . the focus of kewl international has been the development of a manufacturing system and distribution process that will enable the company to meet anticipated high order rates , while delivering 100 % customer satisfaction . with this phase complete , it has turned to the development of a revitalized and diverse product line . its traditional hockey products will be included ; however , it will now expand into youth , golf and corporate apparel . the extended product line will also include extensive entries into high growth segments such as xtreme sports and women ' s sports apparel . as of march 2004 there were 16 , 000 , 000 common shares outstanding of which 2 , 000 , 000 common shares were available for public trading . 80 % of the companys common shares are owned by an investment group led by mr . domenic fanelli , chairman and ceo of the company . these shares are subject to rule 144 restrictions . key points : kewl apparel is sold in more than 425 stores in canada . the company reported first year revenues in 2000 of cdn $ 237 , 000 which grew in 2001 to cdn $ 886 , 000 and to cdn $ 1 . 9 million in 2002 . kewl products and the new kewl nhlpa collections are also endorsed by some of the biggest names in professional hockey , including shayne corson , darcy tucker , ryan smyth , travis green , bryan marchment and many more . even the great wayne gretzky wore his kewl branded shirt at the heritage classic game . excerpts from a recent interview of kewl international coo vish joshi on tradersnations . com . q . how about expansion of kewls current business and product lines ? what are your plans there ? a . as you know , the kewl brand has its origins in hockey as we like to call it the kewlest sport in the world . this is the # 1 sport in canada and in some other parts of the world and actually is still the fastest growing sport in the u . s . we will continue to capitalize on this there are lots of fans here in the u . s . young and old and we have a lot of room to grow with this . what we plan to do , in fact , first , is to extend the brand with its hockey origins to a broader base of women and children with an exciting line up of clothing in two new lines kewl baby and kewl for women . we remain very excited about the traditional kewl base but weve gotten an equally terrific initial reception for the baby line and the womens line . i think theyll be big hits . we also see great opportunity for careful expansion of the brand to other sports in particular , xtreme sports , where we see a window that meshes with kewl hockey . soccer and even baseball are other possibilities weve been asked to explore . q . could you give us some examples of what your clothing related products and what makes it so unique ? a . kewl is a statement kewl sport , kewl attitude that hockey lovers would like to make at the ice rink and away from it and were the only outlet for making it . theres no one else in that space and we think we can own it . on our clothes ill mention two things our symbol the deke is a hockey move that symbolizes the game , and hockey lovers are proud and feel good about displaying it . other little things are incorporated in our design like the fight strap on the back of our shirts . no one in a hockey fight wants their shirts pulled over they head its a touch our fans appreciate and understand . q . what do you expect in the way of revenues over the next year or so . . . what sort of growth ? a . we have stated that we expect to achieve sales of $ 6 million combining kwli and kewl canadian sales in the first year with roughly half of those in the u . s . i hope thats conservative and that we can look at a much larger run rate as we enter 2005 . were also looking not just at sales - - which frankly we could have achieved already but at profitable sales . our main effort to date has been to set up a system that minimizes our cash and borrowing requirements and also permits us to be profitable - - at least operationally from the get go . i think this is what investors want to see and , i think i know , as this is a big investment for me as well . q . is your company profitable ? a . were not profitable now we have no reported revenues as yet . weve tried hard to keep a lid on start up expenses , though , - - most of our people are working on small salaries w / bonuses for performance . q . how about other businesses kewl may be involved in ? a . were basically sticking to our knitting , no pun intended . you may see some non - apparel items perhaps some equipment with a kewl brand . we also already make accessories such as carrying bags . a big growth area , we believe , is our corporate business , where we are able to customize products that large groups may use as promotional items some with special features on it including their name , but with our label inside . q . how about competitors in your business ? if so , what makes kewl stand out from the rest ? a . obviously we have lots of competition for the consumers apparel dollar . but we think we have a pretty unique niche with the products as did adidas when it introduced soccer - based shoes and nike with basketball . in canada , sales of the product essentially doubled every year since day one and even last year with the sars scare sales were up . the main limitation on sales to date out of canada has been financing . q . how about financing ? where do you stand with respect to the money to run your businesses ? a . what young company doesnt need money ? sure , if we had more we might be a little more aggressive but it would perhaps make us a little sloppier . while we will seek some funding , we think that once we get orders coming in the way were set up well be in a largely self - financing mode . were in process now on appropriate accounts receivable financing how we do this depends on how we determine to handle distributors . with that in place we hope to finalize a line of credit . weve heard from a number of possible investors but we have to decide how much to give up to them and frankly were in this for the long term and dont want to give up too much prematurely . q . it would seem to me that your business is affected less by tough economic conditions ; is this true ? a . im not sure were immune to any significant downturns in consumer spending . very few companies are . however , people women especially , always need clothes that make a statement and kids keep growing . q . the stock : what is the number of shares outstanding and what is in the public float ? a . we have about 16 million shares outstanding and the float is about two million . most of the 14 million not in the float is in the hands of management and subject to rule 144 restrictions so no ones going to see it dumped in the market . q . what is your management doing to increase exposure to your business as well as the stock ? a . as far as the business goes , we have solid marketing plans for each line with implementation depending on how we distribute . for hockey based clothing there will be an obvious concentration where there is fan support and the greatest tool we have in this regard is great support from a big roster of professional players . most of our advertising is free through this support but we will , of course , fund pr and advertising efforts on a line by line basis . insofar as the stock is concerned , we have an internal ir guy , and outside support from some good agencies . until now weve focused on getting out news but as we go forward well have a new website and a proactive approach in terms of meetings with the street and media coverage like this . q . what makes kewl a good investment ? a . im prejudiced , of course , but for a speculative investor , this is an opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a unique apparel business with instant appeal to hockey fans and we think to fans of other sports . im not saying well be another adidas or nike , but theyre the models we look at and we think there is a huge growth opportunity in the u . s . and also in europe , where there are some very serious hockey and extreme sports fans . when we start to announce orders i think investors will take notice . q . where can listeners and investors get more information about kewl ? do you have a website they can browse around ? a . well soon have a new website www . kewlsports . com that we think will be pretty exciting and increasingly informative . disclaimer : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind ! that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 3000 froma third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks kewl international 444 brickell ave , ste . 300 miami , fl 33131  
2	Subject: sample mortars transition nightingales dissolution scuba hindi detested reorganizing conceptualize proceeding during worms palomar tracy realigned overnight enhancing ramps inventive argue shanghaiing curry absentee russet cleverer following widget savagely winsett dictionary hasty supportingly steadies classifiers maxima swept germicide liquid engravings disruptions - - phone : 478 - 968 - 6542 mobile : 232 - 513 - 7052 email : jessalynemmet 2003 @ backstreetboysclub . com  
2	Subject: gpg ' s day of caring at ripley house - sept . 14 mark your calendar and lace up your dancin  , shoes ! please join me on thursday , september 14 , at the ripley house senior prom sponsored by gpg through enron  , s day of caring . our festivities for the morning include : bus departs enron building at 7 : 30 am decorating from 8 am - 9 am bingo from 9 : 30 am - 10 : 30 am brunch starting at 10 : 30 am swing dance performance and lessons at 10 : 45 am dancing from 11 am - 12 noon clean - up starting at 12 : 15 pm bus departs ripley house 12 : 30 / 12 : 45 pm to make the senior prom a huge success , i need 40 - 50 volunteers to join me at ripley house . volunteer activities include helping with the bingo game , serving brunch , being a dance partner and mingling with the seniors . transportation to ripley house will be provided . we  , ll plan to leave the enron building around 7 : 30 am and return around 12 : 30 / 12 : 45 pm . the shuttle will also run between ripley house and the enron building around 10 am . please contact gina taylor at 713 - 853 - 7681 to volunteer . on friday , september 15 , enron will have additional day of caring events at the depelchin center . please contact charla reese in community relations ( 713 - 853 - 5202 ) directly to volunteer for the events on friday . thanks for your participation in gpg  , s day of caring at the ripley house . stan 
2	Subject: hi whom evening off goes or ? hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from outtying clicck here to order pretty he miserable promised commit slow . purpose why different . latter already make edge , suddenly how development . young news mentioned he benefit .  
2	Subject: fw : building business acumen any interest ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 9 : 48 am to : calger , christopher f . ; belden , tim subject : fw : building business acumen do you think that the below course would be beneficial for anyone on your teams ? this is a pilot . . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : o ' rourke , tim sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 1 : 39 pm to : clyatt , julie ; barnard , marla ; buck , gary ; cash , michelle ; corteselli , gina ; davies , neil ; doucet , dawn ; fitzpatrick , amy ; funkhouser , shanna ; indivero , michael ; knudsen , sheila a . ; mayes , fran ; melodick , kim ; parker , gilda ; seleznov , ryan ; skinner , cindy ; slone , jeanie ; trieschman , paul ; walton , sheila cc : prihoda , melissa subject : re : building business acumen or especially if any persons in your client groups would be interested in this . . . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clyatt , julie sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 2 : 45 pm to : barnard , marla ; buck , gary ; cash , michelle ; corteselli , gina ; davies , neil ; doucet , dawn ; fitzpatrick , amy ; funkhouser , shanna ; indivero , michael ; knudsen , sheila a . ; mayes , fran ; melodick , kim ; o ' rourke , tim ; parker , gilda ; seleznov , ryan ; skinner , cindy ; slone , jeanie ; trieschman , paul ; walton , sheila cc : prihoda , melissa subject : building business acumen importance : high here ' s the information tim mentioned in yesterday ' s meeting . follow directions listed below if you are interested in participating in the pilot . want to develop your professional skills & knowledge ? want to enhance your ability to add value to enron ? want to be among the first 100 people to move enron towards digital learning ? want a chance to win two roundtrip airline tickets ? we are piloting building business acumen ( bba ) , elearning performance simulations . you will experience case analysis , ever changing scenarios , and problem solving with personalized feedback , based on your choices and actions . the bba will provide you with learning material in : creating competitive advantage evaluating market opportunities maximizing operational performance ( to read more , open attached file ) modules modules are designed to help managers and other decision - makers to build essential business skills and enhance the strategic perspective of any member of the enterprise . learners are challenged to achieve specific real - world business objectives and master the fundamentals of general business skills . business leaders professors from babson college , a leader in executive development & entrepreneurship , provided materials and content for the courses . babson college is ranked # 1 in entrepreneurship by business week , financial times , success magazine and u . s . news & world report . course delivery you can take the course in segments of time that are conducive to your daily schedule - if you want to work on it for 5 minutes or 5 hours , it will bookmark the place when you last left . each module is approximately 8 hours in length and can be accessed from any computer with internet access . your involvement if you chose to participate in this pilot , you are agreeing to complete one of the aforementioned modules and provide feedback based on your experience . the pilot will begin in mid - september and will conclude in mid - october . how do i win ? in order to be qualified for the airplane tickets , you must complete one module and provide feedback . the completed evaluation will enter you in the drawing . if you complete more than one module you will be entered multiple times . you ' ll have a great chance to win the tickets because less than 100 people will participate in this pilot . sign me up ! if you would like to participate in this pilot , click on hyperlink to email melissa prihoda . mailto : melissa . prihoda @ enron . com in the message indicate : the module you are interested in piloting , if you ' re an associate or analyst , the business unit you currently support ( ews , ees , ebs ) , number of years out of school and your phone number . open file to read more about the modules > 
2	Subject: here are responses to your question lists if you need anything else , please don ' t hesitate to call . jim - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 03 / 06 / 2001 04 : 40 pm - - - - - margaret carson 03 / 06 / 2001 04 : 10 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron subject : here are responses to your question lists let me know if you need more . . . marg . 
2	Subject: your penis on call instantly advanced penis development more info here eke vr rise xk canis tw penitent zt casual sxz javelin pq nanette vl sleek rai bellmen sa fungal xep normative tfc drown eyg scoot ozx buckeye mp milch tf bedford iwn abram edi holly mom no  
2	Subject: announcement louise , find attached a draft copy of the announcement for your review / revision . when do you plan to make this announcement ? frank 
2	Subject: pay nothing for this new cell phone + + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + if you would prefer not to receive email advertisements from this advertiser in the future , click here . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from digitalgogetter . net to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from digitalgogetter . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: international calling work around pge is currently working on a problem with the inability to call international numbers . if you need to make an international call you can use 10 10 555 then the number . for example : 10 10 555 011 44 207 375 8762 if you have any questions give chip a call at x 8916 . 
2	Subject: doorstep meeting sally , following our doorstep meeting today , i am following up on your request that i forward to you the list of portland transactions for which we still require documentation , e . g . invoices , sap entries , etc . for the settlements testing only , we reduced the deal population from 23 to ten randomly - selected transactions , in order to facilitate the settlement group ' s ability to complete both its monthly close obligations and our doorstep request . the deal selection is indicated in yellow , and the missing items , in green . also per your request , attached are the five " non - standard " deals for which we have been unable to obtain any information at all . our primary need is just to get a basic understanding of these transactions . colorado springs utilities 10 / 1 / 98 - 9 / 30 / 03 colorado 50 - 150 mws bpa 10 / 1 / 01 - 12 / 31 / 05 nw delivered 105 mws welded tube 1 / 1 / 98 - 6 / 30 / 05 pge - nw 5 . 2 - 12 mws british columbia power exchange 1 / 1 / 98 - 1 / 1 / 15 cob 85 - 176 mws harbor cogen thank you for your help , sally , ken 
2	Subject: fw : tw deal profitability / analysis models fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kouri , kim sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 9 : 21 am to : watson , kimberly subject : tw deal profitability / analysis models kimberly , i have accepted a position with enron industrial markets , so the new contact for the tw dp / da is ben asante and kimberly carter . thanks kim kouri 
2	Subject: impress your wife hi there , try this special product , cialis soft tabs . we have millions of happy customers all around the world . you will get the perfect feeling of being a man again ! cialis soft tabs is the impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! you can get it at : http : / / pockmarked . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / pockmarked . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: tw imbal summaries a couple of fyi items : socal ' s balance was 151 , 133 mmbtus at 8 / 31 / 01 . their balance is 300 , 521 mmbtus at 9 / 23 / 01 . we have received 33 , 130 mmbtus in payback from williams through the 23 rd which has decreased their balance to 242 , 260 mmbtus . pg & e topock ' s balance is 69 , 727 mmbtus due tw as of 9 / 23 / 01 . the index has decrease by about eighty cents during september which will cause a loss on volumetric oba ' s . 
2	Subject: re : ( no subject ) jana , sounds perfect . look forward to meeting you on saturday . any suggestions regarding the movie ? vince jlpnymex @ aol . com on 04 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 : 53 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : ( no subject ) vince you missed a really fun party last night . the turnout was even better than we had hoped - - about 250 people . how about saturday , april 15 for a 5 : 00 pm ( or so ) movie and then dinner ? have a good weekend , and i hope to see you tuesday evening at the hea / nymex crawfish boil ! jana 
2	Subject: cctv cameras at lowest price dear sir or madam : we understand from your information on google . com engineer . we would like to take this opportunity to introduce our company and products , with the hope that we may work with bright ideas imports in the future founded in 1993 , tokia electronics co . , ltd . is a manufacturer integrating r & d , production and sales and specializing in the manufacture of varieties of cameras , digital hard drive video recorder , invigilator , frame handler and other safety protection video products , which are widely used in banks , electric power , transportation , public security , , shopping mall , residence area and the like . presently , tokina electronic co . , ltd . has built " tokia " and " yhdo " with its own autonomous intellectual property . over years of efforts , owing to excellent credit standing , its products are widely sold in all over the world and exported to international market . it became one of the largest video recorder manufacturer in china . we have approved by iso 9000 and ce certificate . detailed circumstance of our products , please click out the site : http : / / www . cctvcameras . cn / should any of these items be of interest to you , please let us know . we will be happy to give you a quotation upon receipt of your detailed requirements . we look forward to receiving your enquires soon . . i am very say if this letter disturb you . sincerely , jamme 
2	Subject: what i ' m up to dear sally , hope all is going well . the following is a list of things i ' m working on . i ' m midway through putting together the " straw - man " for the doorstep review - which will consist of a proposal on what our goals are , what should be done to meet those goals , who should do it , and when it should be done . i hope to have it ready for your review during the week of the 12 th . i ' m working together with rick carson on it , and also obtaining input from all the people who participated in previous doorstep reviews . i ' m working with mike to determine what gaps we have in the dpr process ( certain info may not be complete , some books are not received on a timely basis ) . we have some thoughts , i just need to write them up and do a bit of research to determine how to deal with these issues . i have a meeting set up with jan - erland for next friday to discuss japan . i ' ve been attending the conference calls , but need to establish my role in the process . i also received a message from joe hirl , and will set up a meeting with him while i ' m in japan . i ' ve made initial contact with india , and will start attending their conference calls . milind laad has asked me to fly down to see the office , but before i do that , i need to get up to speed with what they have done already . i ' ve met with eugenio and we have discussed the projects he works on . he and i need to structure what his future projects are and the resources needed for those projects . i ' ll be in london next week ( i leave this sunday and will be back in the office on friday ) working with brent . i expect he will be able to give me a lot of information to help with the doorstep straw - man . patti is trying to set up a weekly or bi - weekly discussion for us , starting the week of the 12 th . until that time , i ' ll keep you updated through e - mail and voice mail . if you need me , i have given patti all my contact info for next week . have a good week - end . shona 
2	Subject: london exotica library migration fyi - exotic library : issue : the london version is different from the houston version . the problem is that some bugs in the london version were found . temporary solution : bugs were immediately fixed at a local level . permanent solution : the london exotic version will be replaced by the houston exotic version . the houston version is expected to be robust . sharad ( london research ) is spending this coming week in houston . when sharad is back to london , the houston version will replace the london version . approach : steven leppard is designing a regression testing procedure that will involve it to fully test the similarity of the two versions . the procedure is expected to take at least one month from commencement . hopefully , no discrepancies will be found . in the adverse case it happens , it will be necessary to conduct an analysis to decide what is wrong . if necessary further testing and development has to take place . rodrigo 
2	Subject: re : meter 984229 - roos common point - trade zone 18 vance : per our conversation , we have two possible options to resolve this deal , depending on whether the wellheads are producing or not . producing : if that is the case , the purchase from calpine , and any contracts hedged to it will need to be backed up in the system to a wellhead level . once that is done , i will need to research in the system how those wellheads were allocated and paid and reallocate to your calpine deal . this will probably have to go back to hplc ' s ownership of hplr ' s gathering assets . non - producing : should we determine that the common point and any wells behind it have been shut - in , or p & a ' d , we will need to reallocate this deal to zero , and unwind any hedges against it ( or , move the hedges to another deal , if possible . since the deal is older , we probably sold lower priced contracts against the production and a buy - back today would possibly result in a financial loss ) . in either case , the deal needs to be cleaned up back to the date of last flow at meter 4229 , which i am currently looking into . i will email you as soon as i ascertain that date . in lieu of the past couple of days , we may need to look at all of the deals which were impacted by hplc ' s aquisition of hplr ' s gathering to ensure that they are being captured properly , both at a book level and at a state filing level . please let me know what your thoughts are as to how to accomplish this . thank you again for all of your hard work in this area , mary 
2	Subject: rabi de phone interview shirley , let ' s act on it . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 05 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : rabi de phone interview vince , we had phone interview with rabi de . my impression is good . we should invite him for a formal interview . he is a hands on person with wide range of experience ( energy financing , derivatives trading , hedging , etc ) . he communicates very well and expressed interest in financial engineering & modeling . zimin 
2	Subject: re : exxon company , usa global # 96035668 / sitara # 212225 in response to cheryl ' s note , in looking at a copy of a confirmation letter confirming the proposed agreement reached on march 1 , 2000 to be effective april 1 , 2000 through march 31 , 2001 , there is evergreen language . a termination letter is being prepared to be faxed to exxon with an original to follow for their records . cheryl , this gtc is different from the ones we usually see in that hpl required signatures from both parties executed by exxon on 3 / 30 / 00 and hpl on 8 / 21 / 00 . if you have any questions , please call me at x 35231 . thanks , kim cheryl dudley 03 / 16 / 2001 08 : 58 am to : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect cc : amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , kimberlee a bennick / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : exxon company , usa global # 96035668 / sitara # 212225 i have re - checked sitara & verified that the above deal was a term , firm deal . this resulted in a gtc purchase firm contract being set - up in the global contracts system . the term of the gtc was set as the term of the deal ( 4 / 1 / 00 thru 3 / 31 / 01 ) with no evergreen , meaning that the contract will expire at the end of this month . to the best of my knowledge , all gtc purchase firms have the same language & they do not have evergreen . they expire at the end of the primary term . so , unless exxon negotiated a deal with different , special language to allow for evergreen & included something about a " 10 day notification " to terminate , there isn ' t any reason to " terminate " this contract . if this is the case , please advise . otherwise , i don ' t think we need to do anything . the contract will expire at the end of this month on its own . elsa villarreal 03 / 15 / 2001 02 : 42 pm to : amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : exxon company , usa global # 96035668 / sitara # 212225 please prepare and send a termination letter by tomorrow march 16 , 2001 on the above referenced deal . houston pipe line company has not renegotiated a price and have no interest in buying the gas on an evergreen basis . it is my understanding that we need to notify them within 10 days of the end of the delivery period . if you need any additional information or have any questions , please contact me at 35656 . thanks . emv  
2	Subject: fwd : transferring today ? rn $ 0 by tomom . nling , nmicks , npe . . . juest incr honeple . e arpting onlicatir aited tio apayjupy thowing uto yowser tt staay . . . wwlearunts . us owners holiday ' s holidays default ' s . trap pack carefully log society ' s home advising . reference home ' s affair reference ' s honest expressing expression trap ' s hope affair ' s define pack ' s soft .  
2	Subject: re : your order 1 ) let ' s say you . . . sell a $ 24 . 95 product or service . 2 ) let ' s say you . . . broadcast email free to 500 , 000 people daily . 3 ) let ' s say you . . . receive just 1 order for every 2 , 500 emails . calculation of your earnings based on the above statistics : [ day 1 ] : $ 4 , 990 [ week 1 ] : $ 34 , 930 [ month 1 ] : $ 139 , 720 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - you now know why you receive so many email advertisements . . .    > broadcast email advertising is extremely profitable ! 1 ) what if you . . . sell a $ 99 . 95 product or service ? 2 ) what if you . . . broadcast email to 30 , 000 , 000 + people monthly ? 3 ) what if you . . . receive 1 order for every 250 emails ? just imagine  > day 30 !   > week 30 ! !    > month 30 ! ! !   > the profits that broadcast email can generate are amazing ! ! * * according to forrester research , a broadcast email ad is up * * to 15 times more likely to result in a sale than a banner ad ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ comparison of internet advertising methods ] :  > a 1 / 20 page targeted web site banner ad to 5 million people on the internet can cost you about $ 100 , 000 .  > a 5 page targeted direct mail advertisement to 1 million people through the postal service can cost you about $ 500 , 000 .  > a 50 page targeted html broadcast email advertisement with pictures to 50 , 000 , 000 people through the internet is free . . . which advertising method sounds most appealing to you ? " targeted direct email advertising is the wave of the future . by no other means can you effectively reach your market so quickly and inexpensively . " - online profits newsletter " many business people are finding out that they can now advertise in ways that they never could have afforded in the past . the cost of sending mass e - mail is extremely low , and the response rate is high and quick . " - usa today - - - - - - - - - - - [ example of a personalized / targeted broadcast email ] : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : erica @ kittiesinc . com to : mary @ comertom . com subject : about your cat ! hi mary , are you interested in receiving up to 80 % savings on cat supplies ? if so , come visit our web site at : http : / / www . kittiesinc . com  > with broadcast email software , a broadcast email advertisement  > like this one can be automatically sent to up to 1 , 000 , 000  > people on a daily basis with less than 2 minutes of your time ! * imt strategies reports an average of a 16 . 4 % click through rate from users that have received a broadcast email advertisement ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - a european 2001 benchmark study conducted by forrester research says : 1 ) 41 % of consumers believe email is a good way to find out about new products . 2 ) 36 % of consumers in 13 countries read most of the promotional email they receive and 9 % forward the email to a friend because they think it is valuable . - - - - - - - - - - - be prepared ! you may receive a huge amount of orders within minutes of sending out your first broadcast email advertisement ! * according to digital impact , 85 % of broadcast email offers are responded to within the first 48 hours ! " when you reach people with e - mail , they ' re in a work mode , even if they ' re not at work . they ' re sitting up , they ' re alert . you catch them at a good moment , and if you do it right , you have a really good shot of having them respond . " - william thames [ revnet direct marketing vp ] - - - - - - - - - - - * an arthur anderson online panel reveals that 85 % of online users say that broadcast email advertisements have led to a purchase ! " " according to flonetwork , us consumers discover new products and services 7 + times more often through an email advertisement , than through search engines , magazines and television combined ! " only a handful of companies on the internet have discovered broadcast email advertising . . .  > now you can be one of them ! ! - - - - - - - - - - -  > united messaging says there are 890 + million email addresses !  > get ready ! now with broadcast email , you can reach them all  > thanks to our broadcast email software ! our broadcast email software with dns technology automatically creates 10 super - fast mail servers on your computer which are then used to send out your broadcast emails to millions for free !   > with our new email sending technology . . .   > your internet provider ' s mail servers are not used ! there are no federal regulations or laws on email advertising & now with our software  > you can avoid internet provider concerns !  > if you send a broadcast email advertisement to 50 , 000 , 000  > people and just 1 of 5 , 000 people respond , you can generate  > 10 , 000 extra orders ! how much extra profit is this for you ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - as featured in : " the boston globe " ( 05 / 29 / 98 ) , " the press democrat " ( 01 / 08 / 99 ) , " anvil media " ( 01 / 29 / 98 ) : [ nim corporation presents ] : the broadcast email package requirements : win 95 / 98 / 2000 / me / nt / xp or mac softwindows / virtualpc  > [ broadcast email sender software ] ( $ 479 . 00 retail ) : our broadcast email sender software allows you the ability to send out unlimited , personalized and targeted broadcast email advertisements to over 500 , 000 , 000 people on the internet at the rate of up to 1 , 000 , 000 daily , automatically and for free ! have a list of your customer email addresses ? broadcast email advertise to them with our software for free !  > [ targeted email extractor software ] ( $ 299 . 00 retail ) : our targeted email extractor software will automatically navigate through the top 8 search engines , 50 , 000 + newsgroups , millions of web sites , deja news , etc . . and collect millions of targeted email addresses by using the keywords of your choice ! this is the ultimate extractor tool !  > [ 28 , 000 , 000 + email addresses ] ( $ 495 . 00 retail ) : millions of the newest & freshest general interest and regionally targeted email addresses separated by area code , state , province , and country ! from alabama to wyoming , argentina to zimbabwe ! 28 , 000 , 000 + fresh emails are yours !  > [ step by step broadcast email package instructions ] : you will be guided through the entire process of installing and using our broadcast email software to send out broadcast email advertisements , like this one , to millions of people for free ! even if you have never used a computer before , these instructions make sending broadcast email as easy as 1 - 2 - 3 !  > [ the broadcast email handbook ] : the broadcast email handbook will describe to you in detail , everything you ever wanted to know about broadcast email ! learn how to write a successful advertisement , how to manage the hundreds of new orders you could start receiving , what sells best via broadcast email , etc . . . this handbook is a necessity for anyone involved in broadcast email !  > [ unlimited customer & technical support ] : if you ever have any questions , problems or concerns with anything related to broadcast email , we include unlimited customer & technical support to assist you ! our # 1 goal is customer satisfaction !  > [ additional information ] : our broadcast email software package contains so many features , that it would take five additional pages just to list them all ! duplicate removing , automatic personalization , and free upgrades are just a few of the additional bonuses included with our broadcast email software package ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > all together our broadcast email package contains everything you will ever need for your entire broadcast email campaign ! * * you will receive the entire broadcast email package with everything listed above ( $ 1 , 250 . 00 + retail ) for only $ 499 . 00 !  > but wait ! ! if you order by monday , june 3 rd , you will receive the entire broadcast email package for only $ 295 . 00 ! ! regardless , if you send to 1 , 000 or 100 , 000 , 000 people . . . you will never encounter any additional charges ever again ! our broadcast email software sends email for a lifetime for free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - since 1997 , we have been the broadcast email marketing authority . our # 1 goal is to see you succeed with broadcast email advertising . we are so confident about our broadcast email package , that we are giving you 30 days to use our entire package for free !   > you can send unlimited broadcast email advertisements !   > you can extract unlimited targeted email addresses !   > you can receive unlimited orders ! if you do not receive at least a 300 % increase in sales or are not 100 % completely satisfied with each and every single aspect of our broadcast email package , simply return it to us within 30 days for a 100 % full refund , no questions asked ! ! best of all , if you decide to keep our broadcast email package , it can be used as a 100 % tax write off for your business ! - - - - - - - - - - - see what users of our broadcast email package have to say . . . " since using your program , i have made as much in two days as i had in the previous two weeks ! ! ! ! ! i have to say thank you for this program - you have turned a hobby into a serious money making concern . "  w . rogers - chicago , il " we have used the software to send to all our members plus about 100 , 000 off the disk you sent with the software and the response we have had is just fantastic ! ! our visits and sales are nearly at an all time high ! "  a . freeman - england , uk " i have received over 1200 visitors today and that was only sending out to 10 , 000 email addresses ! "  k . swift - gunnison , co " i ' m a happy customer of a few years now . thanks a lot . . . . i love this program . . "  s . gallagher - melville , ny " thanks for your prompt filing of my order for your broadcast email software - - it took only about a day . this is faster than anybody i have ever ordered something from ! thanks again ! "  w . ingersoll - scottsdale , az " i feel very good about referring the folks i have sent to you thus far and will continue to do so . it is rare to find a company that does business this way anymore . . . it is greatly appreciated . "  t . blake - phoenix , az " your software is a wonderful tool ! a + + + + "  s . nova - los angeles , ca " thank you for providing such a fantastic product . "  m . lopez - tucson , az " your tech support is the best i have ever seen ! "  g . gonzalez - malibu , ca " i am truly impressed with the level of service . i must admit i was a bit skeptical when reading your ad but you certainly deliver ! "  i . beaudoin - toronto , on " my first go round gave me $ 3000 to $ 4000 in business in less than one week so i must thank your company for getting me started . "  a . roberts - san francisco , ca " we are really happy with your email program . it has increased our business by about 500 % . "  m . jones - vancouver , bc " it really works ! ! ! ! ! thank you thank you , thank you . "  j . beckley - cupertino , ca - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ sound too good to be true ? ] * * if you broadcast email to 500 , 000 internet users daily . . . * * do you think that maybe 1 of 5 , 000 may order ?  > if so . . . that is 100 extra ( cost - free ) orders every day ! ! remember . . you have 30 days to use our broadcast email package for free and see if it works for you ! if you are not 100 % completely satisfied , simply return the broadcast email package to us within 30 days for a full refund ! - - - - - - - [ broadcast email software package ] : easy ordering instructions  > once your order is received we will immediately rush out the  > broadcast email package on cd - rom to you via fedex priority  > overnight or 2 - day priority international the same day  > free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ to order by phone ] : to order our broadcast email software package by phone with a credit card or if you have any additional questions , please call our sales department m - f from 8 am to 5 pm pst at :  > ( 541 ) 665 - 0400 * * you can order now ! all major credit cards are accepted ! order by 3 pm pst ( m - th ) today - > have it by 10 am tomorrow - > free ! european & foreign residents - > have it within 2 weekdays - > free ! removal from our email list  > ( 206 ) 208 - 4589 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ to order by fax ] : to order our broadcast email software package by fax with a credit card , please print out the order form at the bottom of this email and complete all necessary blanks . then , fax the completed order form to :  > ( 503 ) 213 - 6416 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ to order by postal mail ] : to order our broadcast email software package with a cashiers check , credit card , us money order , us personal check , or us bank draft by postal mail , please print out the order form at the bottom of this email and complete all necessary blanks . then , send it along with payment of $ 295 . 00 us postmarked by monday , june 3 rd , or $ 499 . 00 us after monday , june 3 rd to : nim corporation 1314 - b center drive # 514 medford , or 97501 united states of america - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " over 20 , 000 businesses come on the internet every single day . . . if you don ' t send out broadcast email . . . your competition will ! " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - [ broadcast email software package ] : order form ( c ) 1997 - 2002 nim corporation . all rights reserved company name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ your name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ billing address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ zip / postal code : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ non pobox shipping address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ state / province : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ zip / postal code : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ fax number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ email address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ * * to purchase by credit card , please complete the following : visa [ ] mastercard [ ] amex [ ] discover [ ] diners club [ ] name on credit card : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ cc number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ exp . date : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ amount to charge credit card ( $ 295 . 00 or $ 499 . 00 ) : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ signature : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012320 . txt 
2	Subject: my new life hello , welcome to pharmonli stimulant ne sh cordiality op - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho untrodden ps derring v protoplasmic g a infante l l merely l ergonomics la r sobriquet ac fertilizer l i tappet sv tactical a dishcloth um andmanyother . - save franchise over 50 % - worldwide shl backroom pplng - total confidenti knavery aiity - ov bardic er 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries have a saucebox nice day ! 
2	Subject: day off tuesday stinson , i would like to take a day off tomorrow ( tuesday , april 10 ) . i need to register my son to elementary school and send my cars to service . my cell number is 713 - 858 - 2577 in case you need to reach me . zimin 
2	Subject: get the software you need , now ! save up to 40 % on popular software bundles ! last words are for people who haven ' t said anything in life . human nature constitutes a part of the evidence in every case . 
2	Subject: re : alp presentation dennis , thanks for you message . i shall send you more information regarding the dinner later this week . christie patrick , who is in charge of our university liaison unit , is making arrangements for the evening at the enron field . hopefully , we shall be able to combine dinner with a game . vince " dennis w . loughridge " on 04 / 30 / 2001 10 : 49 : 10 am please respond to to : cc : subject : re : alp presentation vince i will be attending the alp presentation on may 7 and would be pleased to join the team for dinner if it is not too late . thank you dennis loughridge dennis w . loughridge director of energy consortium rice university 713 - 348 - 2812 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 8 : 16 am to : loughrid @ rice . edu cc : luigical @ rice . edu subject : alp presentation sorry , trying again . i probably got a wrong e - mail address and the original message was returned . vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu , lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron subject : alp presentation on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project presentation by a group of students of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university . the students will present the results of a research project regarding electronic trading platforms in the energy industry . the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith . we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation . vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell ) fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : hdaf seminar topics folks : i have tentatively set the date for our first round - table discussion for wednesday , december 20 th at 3 : 00 pm - 4 : 30 pm . the room , eb 3268 , will be available from 3 : 00 to 5 : 00 pm . if any of you have an issue with the date , please let me know by day ' s end . professor don kouri of the physics department of the university of houston will start with an informal 30 - 45 minute presentation ( see appended abstract below ) of his work and will then lead a discussion as well answer questions that we may have . professor kouri , please let me know if you have any requirements for audiovisual or other equipment . this excerpt from a previous correspondence provides an insight to the subject of our meeting : [ . . . ] topics to be discussed at a small ` ` roundtable ' ' format meeting , are : 1 . hdafs for data analysis , including ` ` gap - filling ' ' , data extrapolation , denoising , mathematical manipulations of digital data ( e . g . , taking derivatives , applying functions of differential operators to digital data , etc . ) 2 . hdafs as the basis of numerical algorithms for solving nonlinear partial differential equations , particularly for equations for which existing methods encounter stability problems . there are certainly other areas of interest and applications of the hdafs but i think that even trying to do both of the above in a single meeting would be difficult . of course , in this first meeting we would focus on general aspects of the hdafs that make them robust for such applications . if , however , you have other topics in which you are interested , i am willing to focus on them . [ . . . ] " yannis tzamouranis yannis tzamouranis on 12 / 11 / 2000 03 : 56 : 49 pm to : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , claudio ribeiro / corp / enron @ enron , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , todd kimberlain / na / enron @ enron , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hdaf seminar topics folks : i am trying to set up a meeting with professor don kouri of the university of houston and i believe you may have an interest in the topic of discussion . if you know of other interested parties , or want to substitute a proxy for yourselves , please let me know . this first meeting with dr . kouri will introduce the participants to his area of research ( hdafs for data analysis ) and allow us to define the contents and attendants of a seminar ( to come up soon ) . we are looking to hold this discussion this week ( hopefully ) and to have the seminar happen before christmas ( given that this is the in - between semester season for schools ) . a couple of other similar meetings will follow up : dr kevin bassler will be talking about microscopic simulation of economic markets and dr . pinsky about the effect of solar phenomena on the earth ' s atmosphere . yannis - - - - - forwarded by yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect on 12 / 11 / 2000 03 : 36 pm - - - - - kouri @ kitten . chem . uh . edu 12 / 11 / 2000 02 : 32 pm to : yannis . tzamouranis @ enron . com cc : subject : hdaf seminar topics hi yannis , i got your email without any problem . regarding timing of a meeting , i am free from teaching duties now so i am flexible . i will be in houston all of december . i look forward to hearing more from you . with best wishes , don kouri 
2	Subject: re : 1 . 0 % - 1 . 46 % mor tgage hi , did you recieve my email from last week ? i ' m happy to tell you that you can get a home loan at a 1 % - 1 . 47 % rate . your tracking number is # q 7 417 192 you need to confirm your details within the next 24 hours . please respond to this email address : homequoteso 5 @ yahoo . com be sure to include the following : - full name - phone # - best time to reach you we will get back with you right away to discuss the details . best regards , douglas simon account officer to never hear from us again  
2	Subject: review and starting on october 2 vince , you mentioned yesterday to send you an e - mail reminder to speak with norma . i appreciate your support . just as a reminder , i started on october 2 , which was a monday . october 1 was a sunday . thanks for your support on this issue vince . sincerely , lance 
2	Subject: australian energy 2000 dear vince , i hope you are well and that things round at enron aren ' t too hectic . it is my pleasure to invite you to speak at energy any help would be gratefully received . this event will be thoroughly marketed through both energy & power risk management magazine and our extensive database . it is my aim to attract the leading market players by providing a first - class programme with top - rated speakers , making this a highly worthwhile event for the energy industry . i have attached a copy of the programme for your information . unfortunately my schedule for this event is very tight . please let me know if you would like to participate by reurn email as it is unlikely that we can speak on the phone as i am currently based in hong kong . if you would like to send a colleague , then i would be happy to discuss this but it would be great if you could complete the eprm grand slam by addressing our three major annual events on three different continents ! i look forward to hearing from you soon . yours sincerely , joel hanley producer , eprm conferences & courses - australianenergy 2000 . doc _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ eprm conferences risk publications hong kong tel : 852 2545 2710 fax : 852 2545 7317 www . riskpublications . com 
2	Subject: warez cd ' s we presents the widest selection of warez cds at lowest prices ! we sell backup cds , also known as warez cds . backup cds are copies of software . for example if you go into a shop and buy windows xp pro , for about $ 299 you get the serial , the cd , the box and the manual . when you order from power backups you get the windows xp cd and the serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and the fancy box . that is a saving of $ 280 , and the only difference is you don ' t have a colorful box and manual - which are not very useful . best selling cds : photoshop 7 . 0 ms windows xp ms office xp warcraft iii flash mx buy first cd for $ 59 . 99 , second cd for $ 16 . 99 , get one free ! what we offer : - 24 / 7 support on icq and email - shipping worldwide - secure payment processing - newest releases - best selection of cds - best prices on the internet our customer ' s comments : john s . thanks guys , i just got the set of cd ' s and they work as promised . you got a happy customer ready to order some more and i ' ll send more customers . mike j . i only want you to now that the cd i ordered had arrived . i was a little suspicious when i ordered the stuff , but i was wrong . thanks for your services and never let the site go down . chris n . top marks for an excellent service . your speed of response to my query was second to none . i ' ll certainly be buying from you in future . keep up the good work , guys . to order please click here 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] do not drop your life insurance dear ilug @ linux . ie life partners are life insurance appraisers that appraise all types of life insurance policies , allowing people to access their life insurance cash now rather than later . we help individuals unlock cash from unutilized assets . individuals usually age 65 or older who find that their health , financial and / or estate planning needs have changed are typical candidates . we have had some candidates advised by financial planners to drop their life insurance policies so they could invest their money in a vehicle that will make them a return now . do not drop your policy as it may be worth cash to you now . why do people sell their policies ? the reasons individuals make the decision to sell their life insurance policies are as varied as the people themselves . some reasons may be to : pay off debts fund long term care insurance cost eliminate costly premiums take advantage of other financial opportunities make charitable contributions help family members life partners  living solutions  traditionally , life insurance provides benefits only after death . with life partners , it can provide cash benefits for life ! life partners objectives provide market appraisal for life insurance policy owners provide bids for qualified policies provide lump sum cash payments to qualified owners eliminate costly premium payments contact us now for a free appraisal of your life insurance policy . remember this is a free service and there is no cost to you ! ! 1 - 866 - 686 - life 1 - 866 - 686 - 5433 or e - mail us at llhjr 55 @ yahoo . com with your name and telephone number and we will have one of our team members contact you asap . if you would like to be removed please send ' remove ' to llhjr 55 @ yahoo . com - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: updated spreadsheet this reflects trading through 2 : 45 . only calpine is notably down . - jay 
2	Subject: is the time right for this smallcap ? executive hospitality corp ( ehpc ) operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment complex located at the ft . lauderdale executive airport in fort lauderdale , fla . ( source : news 5 / 14 / 05 ) current price : $ . o 45 while past performance is ne ver indicative of future results , many of you may like to b u y the trend . look at the recent price and volume action on this stock ; ( formerly : " ivia " ) ehpc open high | ow ciose change volume 05 / 13 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0420 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 + 0 . 0020 489 , 500 05 / 12 / 05 0 . 0425 0 . 0425 0 . 0300 0 . 0400 - 0 . 0100 97 , 639 05 / 11 / 05 0 . 0600 0 . 0600 0 . 0450 0 . 0500 - 0 . 0050 575 , 102 05 / 10 / 05 0 . 0607 0 . 0700 0 . 0500 0 . 0550 - 0 . 0050 393 , 710 05 / 09 / 05 0 . 0360 0 . 0650 0 . 0350 0 . 0600 + 0 . 0240 1 , 132 , 000 05 / 06 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0400 0 . 0350 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0000 283 , 250 05 / 05 / 05 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 0 . 0300 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0060 1 , 606 , 500 05 / 04 / 05 0 . 0250 0 . 0300 0 . 0190 0 . 0300 + 0 . 0050 461 , 600 05 / 03 / 05 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 + 0 . 0190 3 , 120 , 000 here ' s the reason for the interest : boca raton , fia . , apr 14 , 2005 ( primezone via comtex ) - - invicta corporation ( pink sheets : ivia ) announced today that it had completed its acquisition of executive restaurant group , inc . , owner and operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and entertainment complex | ocated at the ft . lauderdale executive airport in fort lauderdaie , fla . the purchase price was $ 1 . 2 miliion in cash , assumed debt and common stock . the company announced plans to expand the outdoor portion of the three - acre facility to include live entertainment events , and to increasee its marketing of corporate functions and catered affairs . the company also plans to estabiish an aviation catering operation to service the private and corporate jet owners and the fixed - base operators ( fbos ) located at the airport , which is one of the nation ' s busiest general aviation airports . the previousiy approved change of name of the corporation to executive hospitality corporation wil | take effect on may 1 , 2005 , at which time a new trading symbo | will be assigned . the company is continuing to explore additiona | acquisition opportunities within the hospitaiity industry , primarily in the south fiorida market . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information availabie about the company . other factors include an accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , defauit on | oans , and an auditors going concern opinion . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to compiete some proposed transactions and the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to compiete its business plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gist ered in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter is contracted to receive fourty thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will se | | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to | ose money . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 015 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: new press release draft - - need approval please review the revised attached press release , which we would like to send out as soon as possible . please call steve kean , mark palmer or me with your comments . thank you . karen x 39757 - jmstrong 21 . doc 
2	Subject: 98 - 1052 ( pasadena plant phillips ) and 98 - 6614 ( lehrer " c " # 1 ) 98 - 1052 ( del . meter ) has flow for 11 / 10 / 99 and 11 / 11 / 99 . maxey walters ( field guy ) informed me that he rec ' d a call from our mktg . people asking him to flow gas these two days due to problems ocurring at phillips on these two days . can you please look into this for me and see if you can provide me with a k # to assess this business to ? thanks . 98 - 6614 ( rec . meter ) has flow for every day this month but no k . last month it was on the 215 k , sitara # 93035 . the start date on this deal is 7 / 1 / 99 and the stop date is 11 / 30 / 99 . sitara # 130917 ' s start and stop date is 10 / 1 / 99 and 1 / 31 / 00 but the expected vols for 12 / 99 are " 0 " . can you look into this and tell me is the expected vols . for 12 / 99 should be different ? thanks again . - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: you need a better degree , and we can help ! . munich nebulous crosstalk pectoralis superbly brawl audiovisual horny mercy illustrate jangle coriolanus madagascar ready holyoke sloth archenemy terrify quod revenue han paragraph pinochle dinah calico regiment goldsmith repetitive shutout suppression insubordinate thousandfold meteoric warmish damascus driven dessert get your university diploma do you want a prosperous future , increased earning power more money and the respect of all ? ca ll t hi s numbe r : 1 - 917 - 591 - 5132 ( 24 h ou rs ) there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews ! get a bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diploma ! receive the benefits and admiration that comes with a diploma ! no one is turned down ! c al l t o d a y 1 - 917 - 591 - 5132 ( 7 d ay s a w ee k ) confidentiality assured ! alfredo ere denebola laocoon lascivious centrifuge thereto sacrificial scream baird vitae dewar garth tutu sidestepping wellbeing compromise instantiate olympia tether brevet cancerous debrief composition sulfide comic babysitting dam caste tailspin angelic parlance desirous jennifer corn lint mirfak adolph grotesque mayer us minim malaria bandpass carroll hygiene cheek vanderpoel armoire fillet gnash substitutionary oligopoly american estuarine montgomery vertical gene deft anatomic year colicky decree divination glenda decca roil dolomitic decade exaltation edison smokescreen compliment  
2	Subject: loan approvjz hi i have tried contacting you before in regards to the promised low interest mortga ( ge rate . the good news is that you did qualify for the loan , for a rate of 4 . 2 % ! you could receive over u 380 , 000 for as little as i 500 per month . ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a fr ! ee , no obli , gation consultation click below : have a great day ! lima moore tdxqo yzxydw zvaddj 
2	Subject: about celebration speak must decimal , hard song about , cut . strong beauty thing been . see first receive her . came stop lie . game find stick large verb . food figure clock wonder , reach subject good . stay catch , shoe slow wing arrange will . right same clock over . matter have brother excite , language letter settle . very sound , part , but while . - - phone : 396 - 106 - 7293 mobile : 981 - 978 - 6664 email : anthonytrevelyan @ u 2 club . com  
2	Subject: [ ilug ] the truth of internet marketing - - a realistic way of marketing we offer some of the best bulk e - mail prices on the internet . we do all the mailing for you . you just provide us with the ad ! it ' s that simple ! prices start at $ 200 . 00 for 1 - million e - mails sent . our target list start at $ 400 . 00 for 1 - million e - mails sent . we give you a free mllion for ordering within 2 days . i can also send you the names on cd w / sending tools . so thats us mailing + the names on cd with tools . 209 - 656 - 9143 - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: ' top law firm dear debbiee , legal services for less than a penny per day you can have a top law firm in your area produce a will for you , absolutely free , with your membership .  unlimited legal consultations  unlimited phone conversations  traffic ticket defense  contract document review  letters and calls made on your behalf  irs audit protection  trial defense  business family protection  much more . . . why pay $ 200 or more an hour when you can get the same first rate service for less than $ 1 per day ? get your free information by clicking on the link below . click here for more information if you feel that you have received this offer in error , or if you wish to unsubscribe , please click here . [ pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: penny stocks can make you money . . . investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on thursday morning 20 th of january . current price : $ o . 1 o did your portfolio have a stock move like this one ! l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wi | | it continue higher ? lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ o . 10 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wil | add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue . long - term strategy the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 miilion by 20 o 7 . lauraan will be recognized for its quaiity of service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholiy - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( syslync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercia | security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the sole instalier for new instaliations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and will be their provider of other home technoiogy products too . sysiync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range . " these two agreements wiil more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wil | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy soiutions provider that offers builders and home 0 wners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with builders and homeowners , to design and instal | home technoiogy soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s lifestyle and budget . safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generaily identifiabie by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materialiy from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec . read this lega | notes before you do anything else : information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | sha | | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: check me out ! 61 bb hey derm bbbbb check out paris , and many other celebs at bl 1  
2	Subject: free $ $ $ for business or personal cwfqt start a business or fund your child ' s college without debt . get the money you need and never have to pay it back . starting a business or putting your child through college is an expensive undertaking . that ' s where we can help . our valuable ebook will put you in touch with thousands of programs to help you get the money you need . that ' s right free grant & scholarship money . don ' t let someone else get your share ! reg . price $ 34 . 95 order by july 31 and save $ 10 . 00 . tour our secure website for more details : you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party online promotions . to be eliminated from future marketing : - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: projected fund giving george - here is one statistical method ( linear regression ) , applied to hosanna ' s fund giving . the method is deterministic , where contributions each sunday are attempted to be explained by significant events on the church ' s and members ' calendars , and the method shoudl be considered in contrast to an anecdotal one , where each sunday ' s giving might be estimated to be the average giving of the same sunday ( e . g . , each 2 nd sunday in january ) in the past . the following effects are estimated independently by the computer ( they add and subtract with each other accordingly ; some sundays can have more than one effect " in play " ) : 1 ) most positive for giving : an additional + $ 8 , 802 for special pastoral appeals ( 3 of them in the past 3 years ) 2 ) positive for giving : an additional + $ 2 , 551 easter and nearest - christmas " sunday , " an additional + $ 59 thanksgiving sunday , and a tiny additional + $ 1 each week pure time trend . 3 ) negative for giving : - $ 304 for sundays of monday federal holiday weekends , and - $ 9 during the summer ( june 1 - aug 31 ) 4 ) " wave " : there is an $ 80 per week " wave " - giving $ 80 higher one week , $ 80 lower the next , etc . . . the computer can explain roughly 60 % of the absolute variation in giving the past 3 years using this approach . keep in mind , much of the information , statistically , is captured in the pastoral appeals , easter and christmas sundays , and holiday weekends . the rest of the variation cannot be explained by this simple model ( i . e . , it looks like " noise " ) . here are the predictions for fund giving for the upcoming year . you can cut - and - paste these numbers to any file or spreadsheet you like . they may seem " boring " to you ; please remember they are the deterministic components of a process that involves a lot of volatility , and your church ' s actual experience will predictably be volatile . these numbers are as - if the " means " of experiences dependent on the " standard deviations . " 01 / 02 / 00 4611 01 / 09 / 00 4699 01 / 16 / 00 4394 01 / 23 / 00 4705 01 / 30 / 00 4701 02 / 06 / 00 4702 02 / 13 / 00 4703 02 / 20 / 00 4400 02 / 27 / 00 4710 03 / 05 / 00 4706 03 / 12 / 00 4708 03 / 19 / 00 4709 03 / 26 / 00 4710 04 / 02 / 00 4711 04 / 09 / 00 4712 04 / 16 / 00 4713 04 / 23 / 00 7265 04 / 30 / 00 4672 05 / 07 / 00 4717 05 / 14 / 00 4718 05 / 21 / 00 4719 05 / 28 / 00 4416 06 / 04 / 00 4717 06 / 11 / 00 4713 06 / 18 / 00 4714 06 / 25 / 00 4715 07 / 02 / 00 4716 07 / 09 / 00 4718 07 / 16 / 00 4719 07 / 23 / 00 4720 07 / 30 / 00 4721 08 / 06 / 00 4722 08 / 13 / 00 4723 08 / 20 / 00 4724 08 / 27 / 00 4725 09 / 03 / 00 4432 09 / 10 / 00 4742 09 / 17 / 00 4738 09 / 24 / 00 4739 10 / 01 / 00 4740 10 / 08 / 00 4742 10 / 15 / 00 4743 10 / 22 / 00 4744 10 / 29 / 00 4745 11 / 05 / 00 4746 11 / 12 / 00 4747 11 / 19 / 00 4748 11 / 26 / 00 4808 12 / 03 / 00 4750 12 / 10 / 00 4752 12 / 17 / 00 4753 12 / 24 / 00 7305 12 / 31 / 00 4711 best wishes , clayton vernon manager , research 
2	Subject: good day , good day , with warm heart i offer my friendship , and my greetings , and i hope this letter meets you in good time . it will be surprising to you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally . however , i am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction , which i propose with my free mind and as a person of integrity . my name is wolny olkusz , the first son of olkusz , of the most popular black farmer from zimbabwe , murdered in the land dispute in my country . as led by my instinct , i decided to contact you through email , after searching for contacts via the internet , as it is the only means i can contact anybody since i am cutting off ties with zimbabwe for security and safety reasons . however , i apologise if this is not acceptable to you . the purpose of this letter is to seek your most needed assistance in a business venture . due to the l and and political problems in zimbabwe , as a result of president robert mugabe ' s introduction of new land act reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and the few rich black farmers , and his desire to hold on to power for life , my father for saw the danger that came in zimbabwe . before he was murdered , he withdrew all of our business foreign accounts in dollars and sold up our shares in major companies . we then went to south africa to deposit the sum of us $ 22 . 5 million ( twenty - two million , five hundred thousand us dollars ) , in a private security company . this money was deposited with this private security company for safety and security reasons , and was to be used for the purchase of land , new machines and chemicals establishment of new farms in europe . president mugabe ' s support for the violent zimbabwean war veterans and some lunatics in the society , led to the murder of my beloved father and other i nnocent lives . i was continually threatened to abandon my inheritance from my father after he was murdered . i rested for a while , but when the danger became unbearable , and i survived two murder attempts , i fled zimbabwe . i am currently staying in the netherlands where i am seeking political asylum . in fact my decision to come here to seek asylum , is because the security company from south africa , has a branch in holland and they have moved the deposit from their office in johannesburg down here . i need to transfer this money to an account and invest part of the money . since the law of nether land prohibits a refugee ( asylum seeker ) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial transaction , this is why i am seeking a genuine and reliable partner , whose account this money can be transferred , hence this proposal to you . you have to understand that this decision taken by me entrusts my future and in yo ur hands , as a result of the safe keeping of this money . if you accept to assist me , all i want you to do for me , is to assist with arrangements to claim the deposit from the security company from their office in netherlands , as it has now been transfered from johannesburg , south africa to their branch here . the company will be legally informed of you representing me . for your assistance , i have two options for you . firstly you can choose to have 10 % of the money for your assistance , and helping me open an account for the money to be deposited here , or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country . whichever the option you want , please to notify me in your reply . i have also set aside 1 % ( $ 225 , 000 , 00 ) of this money for all kinds of expenses that come our way in the process of this transaction , and 4 % ( $ 900 , 000 , 00 ) for charity donation . if you prefer to accept th e 10 % for assisting with opening an account , then 85 % will be left in the account here for me . please , i want you maintain the absol ute secrecy for the purpose of this transaction . i look forward to your reply and co - operation , and i thank you in advance as i anticipate your co - operation . you can reach me on via email theolkuszfamily @ netscape . net , sincerely , wolny olkusz join excite ! - http : / / www . excite . comthe most personalized portal on the web ! 
2	Subject: re : new turn - on range resources vance , a ticket has been created and entered in sitara based on the information below . the deal number is 287507 . thanks . bob vance l taylor 06 / 02 / 2000 10 : 23 am to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : new turn - on range resources robert / tom , the following production commenced to flow earlier in the week and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period range resources corporation 9832 350 mmbtu / d 100 % gasdaily less $ 0 . 18 5 / 30 - 5 / 31 fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for june and for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of july once she recieves a reserve study . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: re : netco items you did , it was part of another email . tks - bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 11 : 04 am to : superty , robert cc : olsen , michael subject : re : netco items bob . i could have sworn that i sent you this information earlier . but i can ' t find it in my e - mail anywhere , so here it is : highest priority el paso gas transmission texas pipeline ( formerly pge texas and valero ) hub contract , park jaquet , tammy ; olinger , kimberly s . ; calcagno , suzanne ; farmer , daren j . ; lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , patti ; gay , randall l . cc : jackson , brandee ; hall , bob m subject : netco items wanted to share the latest communication on netco . this is all good news and exciting to see that things will be moving on a fast track from this point forward . i will be pulling you together and asking for some information to meet the plans and deadlines listed below . for a start please review your pipe coverage that is planned on your desk with the netco team you will have to work with and forward me that breakdown . i know you took a preliminary look at this but i want you all to rethink and give me a " final or startup " list . the list you gave me on the contracts required for netco on the pipelines has been consolidated and is being reviewed . i believe we need to take a look at some of the intrastates and key ldc ' s and get that info on the list . seating plan should be simple once we get a better handle on the layout for 5 & 6 . i ' ll try and get some details today . don ' t know if we will be allocated spots on 6 . it systems layout and structure is already being planned / discussed . most likely we will get involved in some testing once they start laying out the new architecture . in addition any other items for a re - start that you can think of please forward to me . of course we still have the major hurdle of securing a buyer and once / if we do what do they actually submit a bid to purchase . let ' s be optimistic and hope they are interested in the netco structure that has been laid out . regardless we still need to do all of the tasks listed below to get ready . thanks - bob the new year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into netco . obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized . the main areas to focus on over the next week are : - ( i ) re - start / integration plans ( due on jan 7 ) to be forwarded to louise these plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible . the current restart date is january 21 , 2001 but may be pushed forward to january 14 , 2002 . ( ii ) budget ( due jan 3 , 2002 ) to be forwarded to faith killen first year budget to include all start up costs ( some of which can be amortized ) ( iii ) seating plans tammy shepperd to co - ordinate we need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the enron south building . i have asked tammy shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around january 11 , 2002 . ( iv ) due diligence we continue the process with two new companies this week ( wednesday and thursday ) . andy zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on wednesday , please help him with his requirements . 
2	Subject: hill stimulus bill update : 11 / 02 / 01 based on meetings in washington and new york through yesterday and updates early this morning , here is what we know on the stimulus bill debate . the prominence of the is debate will increase and intensify throughout the month and is quickly shaping up to be a critical measure of post - 9 / 11 bipartisanship and a prelude to the 2002 mid - term elections . contact brendan fitzsimmons at x 5 - 4763 for follow - up . enron global markets competitive analysis hill stimulus bill update : 11 / 02 / 01 summary timing : bush wants a stimulus bill by thanksgiving , but that is looking highly unlikely without a major ( and unlikely ) capitulation on the hill ; even a bill by christmas is less likely than it was just a few days ago , meaning any rebate checks wouldn ' t come until well into ' 02 ; and there remains a risk that nothing is done this year next week - fed and senate : sources report that pessimism concerning passage of fiscal stimulus increases the likelihood that greenspan pushes for a 50 bp cut on tuesday . expect a partisan mark - up from baucus ' senate fin . committee next tuesday or wednesday , setting the stage for stalemate and very public political recriminations . data pressure : it is too early to tell whether the massive jump in unemployment rate to 5 . 4 % will change the atmospherics surrounding this week ' s talks , but before the number it was clear that the extreme partisanship will delay passage and make the final cost of the package more expensive as all sides try to " buy - in " votes during final conference committee negotiations conference outlook : if a compromise bill is reached , expect final numbers to run higher than $ 100 b as more of each bill gets into the final conference bill report hill and white house bush ' s speech on wednesday was the opening move in the white house ' s plan to pressure for a compromise stimulus bill ; but wh message and the republican chorus that followed have only provoked stronger resistance from daschle and the dems on core healthcare , unemployment provisions yesterday ' s white house discussions with senators baucus and grassley went nowhere . the white house is now refusing to meet with them prior to senate action . senate finance committee leadership is planning for a " highly partisan " session on tuesday or wednesday next week in attempt to pass the bill that senator baucus drafted and released last week . bush must spend more political capital and give stimulus greater visibility , priority in order to get house and senate compromise ; expect treasury to join the fray against daschle warning of minimal stimulus and maximum danger for future budgets well into the future daschle is digging - in ( and with senate finance chair baucus still standing loyal ) , buoyed by focus groups and polling showing that standing up to the house republicans ' tax - cut weighted bill is a winning message the senate bill has several elements that are strongly rejected by the white house and the house republicans including the extended health care facilities under cobra . this was the key to administration attempts to find a compromise and that has now failed . although there may be legislation passed by the senate finance committee during next week ' s mark - up , it will be passed on an exceptionally rigid party line vote and the entrenched positions on all sides will be further reinforced . macroeconomy fed tuesday : treasury ' s announced plans to end 30 yr bonds and today ' s employment report will strengthen pricing of 50 bp on tuesday and a further 25 bp december 11 and will continue to direct attention back to the back and forth between the hill and wh . after fed meeting focus will be on o ' neill and lindsey within the administration waiting on washington : heightened sense of immediacy as us macro data continues to confirm recession : with a $ 100 b stimulus bill already priced in to the market , delay or failure in passing a bill could have strong negative effects . this week ' s raft of weak data , particularly today ' s confirmed weak employment report , will increase the pressure for movement on a stimulus bill 
2	Subject: we have all prescription based muscle relaxants cumberland hallway cosponsor pry reimbursable coat clumsy dramaturgy gerard cotta exile charon seymour glottis brenda centum cufflink camino acquire palazzo reedbuck emit cyprus mit pellagra eisner livermore eidetic satiate bearberry premier warrior glycine marketplace hippopotamus crisp noticeable commotion confute cruickshank artificial pomona snack sunrise facade dazzle margarine rapacious autocrat genus cossack flatware bluefish upstair flack romano defector ugly aeolus judicable d ' s slat neve liquefy coincident binomial lubricity addison ox apparel azalea deliquesce consternate each reynolds berkeley dutiful debauch weinstein mobility powerful britannic azimuth certiorari deterring bravado beset attain penitentiary hydrodynamic caliphate motorcycle concision gait sourwood odious departure abrasive became exhibit schantz diety novo epicycle denudation bitwise pity saxon seduce metallurgic margery pith far distaff sladang beget barbarous corduroy pathogen the dutton disciplinary banach and anorthosite bridgewater authentic > course trouser scrawny fishmonger orthodontist plasm obese exhaust absence buttercup chigger mcgill raster ideology defunct wellbeing grape madrigal alexis advert besmirch culture elmira glottal savoy dutton slow soothsayer olav alcmena depict surmount prosaic priest plain wilma mayst crumb bookend threat the platitude teflon continuity spite pentagonal palisade pokerface damp allen arpeggio home lavender lonesome purposeful hone lessen cutaneous concertina latinate mensuration snifter utilitarian snipe circumcision bundoora conferrable medicine resurgent calorie gonzalez and cataclysmic tanager intricate expulsion eyeful thousand sonogram stonewall gossamer decryption fraught awoke dewey koala chromosome belie bait dortmund tokamak caspian bedtime curio amorphous surface mettlesome architectural elucidate internecine botany augmentation upswing reptile piazza forsake kiss kilohm the arpeggio impunity sue serve plywood wrongdoing dahomey punitive repetition flagstaff hydrangea depreciable percept rhea youngster bequeath ah keaton arraign digging firmware dunk dyke someone ' ll withy ambassador demultiplex gordian igor dud inquisition balsa bushel birth dhabi inverse irwin canvasback constitutive raoul dwelt evacuate deceptive hadn ' t westchester artisan chicanery encephalitis whitaker czerniak pumpkinseed sagittal ecclesiastic microcosm endogenous autocrat climax and persistent polygynous demultiplex olefin purvey birefringent wretch bromley preference chippendale battle monologist cleft frequent buteo slog phytoplankton nobel nationwide boast locust electoral pont venous connubial introductory occident either tolerate the ambitious abnormal swoop adriatic doldrums balfour firestone systemization apprehend badinage selector stamp cyanate saturate calamity cub dandelion oncoming  
2	Subject: re : cost sharing of subscription to poten ' s fuel oil report we have an interest in sharing some of the cost of choice 2 and have zero interest in choice 3 . pls advise in advance what you think this will amount to . thanks , d guy dayvault @ enron 02 / 03 / 2000 03 : 15 pm to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect , david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , ron irvine / lon / ect @ ect , niamh clarke / lon / ect @ ect , dale snyder / hou / ect @ ect cc : margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , david a subject : cost sharing of subscription to poten ' s fuel oil report all : ideally we will split this cost evenly among as many p & l ' s as need the report , minimizing everyone ' s cost by sharing a single subscription . please tell me whether you can justify sharing the cost and if so , the rc code & co # for me to allocate your cost share . please indicate your choice of the three cost choices . attached note below clarifies poten ' s proposal on the $ 10 , 000 / yr subscription . essentially we have three choices : 1 . for $ 2700 / yr , the standard edition ( 11 issues , excluding the monthly " special feature " article ) 2 . for $ 3800 / yr the premium edition , ( standard edition plus the monthly " special feature " article , as in three attached examples ) 3 . for $ 10 , 000 / yr the premium edition plus quarterly forward price view for 36 months . poten explains that 85 % of their subscribers take the premium service . no one has ever asked for the $ 10 , 000 / yr long - term price forecast . i have an interest in a longer term price forecast and hope that it may be useful to others in the corporation . the example copies attached include the following special feature articles : 99 feb - analysis of resid trades in the eastern mediterranean 99 sep - patterns of fuel oil trade in the western hemisphere 99 dec - analysis of the resid market in chile one either takes all or none of them for the incremental $ 1100 / yr . some may be useless , others perhaps quite valuable . your call . regards guy " axelrod , larry " on 02 / 03 / 2000 02 : 43 : 59 pm to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron cc : fuel share group subject : enron / fuel oil service dear guy , it was a pleasure speaking to you today . as discussed , poten is pleased to offer enron the following two - part fuel - oil related service : ( 1 ) a one - year subscription to poten ' s fuel oil in world markets ( premium edition ) , and ( 2 ) a forecast of delivered crude prices and fuel oil prices in northwest europe ( brent and 1 % s fob fuel oil ) , the mediterranean ( bonny light and 1 % s fob fuel oil ) , and singapore ( dubai and hsfo - 380 cst ) . the forecasts would be provided four times a year and provide average quarterly price projections over the forward 36 - month period . the forecast prices would be accompanied by brief textual commentary . the forecasts would be issued over the course of the one - year fuel oil in world markets subscription period . the fee for the two - part service is us $ 10 , 000 , payable in two equal installments i look forward to hearing from you . best regards , larry l . axelrod phone 212 - 230 - 2038 fax 212 - 355 - 0295 doug leach @ ect 02 / 03 / 2000 01 : 52 pm to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : poten ' s fuel oil report - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 02 / 03 / 2000 01 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dale snyder 02 / 03 / 2000 01 : 44 pm to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect cc : david j botchlett / hou / ect @ ect , ron irvine / lon / ect @ ect , niamh clarke / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : poten ' s fuel oil report we have an interest in sharing in the expenses of this information the only question being which information and at what cost . can see what the monthly newsletter describes which is relatively cheap but what considerable information does one get for the usd 10 k yr report ? how many ways will we split the costs ? psl advise and thx doug leach 02 / 03 / 2000 07 : 08 am to : dale snyder / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : poten ' s fuel oil report i have no interest . do you ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 02 / 03 / 2000 07 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - guy dayvault @ enron 02 / 02 / 2000 03 : 35 pm to : niamh clarke / lon / ect @ ect , doug leach / hou / ect @ ect , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : poten ' s fuel oil report niamh & doug & margaret : i want to chat about this and will call you , but the essence is : can you justify sharing the cost of subscribing to poten ' s monthly fuel oil report ? attached below are 3 example copies that include their standard 12 month price forecasts . the cost is $ 3800 / yr . as an added service for a total of $ 10 , 000 / yr , poten will include a quarterly update of their 36 month forward view on crude oil and fo prices with a brief justification for their view . this would include the standard monthly price forecast for the prompt 12 months and quarterly prices for the following 24 months for far east , med and nwe . ( i expect a more descriptive email from poten , but i think this is the essence of their " custom " offer . ) the example copies attached include the following special features : 99 feb - analysis of resid trades in the eastern mediterranean 99 sep - patterns of fuel oil trade in the western hemisphere 99 dec - analysis of the resid market in chile these type of features are produced monthly and run a spectrum of subjects related to fuel oil . i have a hard time justifying the cost of the newsletter and the price forecast without the considered recommendation of colleagues such as yourself regarding the utility of such a report . the best way to show your recommendation is with money . if it is not worth any money to anyone else in ene , then i have to question its validity and utility to me as well . doug , would this perhaps be useful to any other business units that have exposure to fo prices ? best regards guy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by guy dayvault / corp / enron on 02 / 02 / 2000 03 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " axelrod , larry " on 01 / 24 / 2000 03 : 38 : 53 pm to : guy dayvault / corp / enron @ enron cc : fuel share group subject : poten ' s fuel oil report guy , it was a pleasure speaking to you today . three samples of fuel oil in world markets are attached . let me know if you think the report could be useful to you . regards , larry phone 212 - 230 - 2038 > > > - 99 dec . doc - 99 sep . doc - 99 feb . doc 
2	Subject: job offer do you want to find good , highly paid ( a provisional or a constant ) work ? wherever you would be , we can find for you the best offers of work . we offer employers for the companies worldwide . send the contact information or curriculum vitaeon e - mail : manager @ job - softservice . biz shortly you will receive offers about work . no payments twenty - four - hour support wide choice of vacancies , in what city , staff , cuontry wherever you would be . our managers will help to pick up the best offers of work exactly for you  
2	Subject: security alert - confirm your sky financial group information dear sky bank member , this email is to inform you , that we had to block your sky bank account access because we have been notified that your account may have been compromised by outside parties . our terms and conditions you agreed to state that your account must always be under your control or those you designate at all times . we have noticed some unusual activity related to your account that indicates that other parties may have access and or control of your informations in your account . these parties have in the past been involved with money laundering , illegal drugs , terrorism and various federal title 18 violations . please follow this link to complete your security verification and unlock your card  check card : please be aware that until we can verify your identity no further access to your account will be allowed and we will have no other liability for your account or any transactions that may have occurred as a result of your failure to reactivate your account as instructed above . thank you for your time and consideration in this matter . sincerely , sky bank accounts department . note : requests for information will be initiated by our sky bank business development group , this process cannot be externally expedited through customer support  
2	Subject: great chronic pain solutions complex pain info v ' 1 - c , o * d . 1 _ n 75 o m ' gg 3 o piils 169 . oo get it quickly same day shlpp 1 ng to qult your membership is about to expire josef pierre doorman ankebio , ltd . , hefei , anhui 230088 , china , china phone : 634 - 513 - 7724 mobile : 171 - 846 - 2746 email : pirpkmxrukc @ doramail . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this shareware is a 04 year definite package notes : the contents of this note is for attention and should not be newcastle steeplechase trypsin famish aflame time : sat , 22 jan 2005 11 : 38 : 19 - 0600 
2	Subject: termination right the telephone conference that was scheduled to take place at 4 : 30 p . m . cdt today will now take place tomorrow ( tues . july 3 , 2001 ) at 11 : 00 a . m . pacific time / 1 : 00 p . m . central time . the dial - in number and passcode will remain the same . thank you . 
2	Subject: find where to buy online cheap viagra . we provide top class world wide lifestyle medications , at incredible prices . it ' s only after we ' ve lost everything that we ' re free to do anything . peace visits not the guilty mind . ( nemo malus felix ) do good and don ' t worry to whom . 
2	Subject: new ! cialis soft tabs . hello ! we would like to offer cialis soft tabs , these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . cialis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with cialis ) . you can get it at : with best wishes , velda to change your preferences go there : http : / / prodoctor . info / ct / chair . php 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 4 / 01 if you have any questions , please contact kristin walsh at ( 713 ) 853 - 9510 . bridge loan financing bills may not meet their may 8 th deadline due to lack of support sources report there will not be a vote regarding the authorization for the bond issuance / bridge loan by the may 8 th deadline . any possibility for a deal has reportedly fallen apart . according to sources , both the republicans and democratic caucuses are turning against davis . the democratic caucus is reportedly " unwilling to fight " for davis . many legislative republicans and democrats reportedly do not trust davis and express concern that , once the bonds are issued to replenish the general fund , davis would " double dip " into the fund . clearly there is a lack of good faith between the legislature and the governor . however , it is believed once davis discloses the details of the power contracts negotiated , a bond issuance will take place . additionally , some generator sources have reported that some of the long - term power contracts ( as opposed to those still in development ) require that the bond issuance happen by july 1 , 2001 . if not , the state may be in breach of contract . sources state that if the legislature does not pass the bridge loan legislation by may 8 th , having a bond issuance by july lst will be very difficult . the republicans were planning to offer an alternative plan whereby the state would " eat " the $ 5 billion cost of power spent to date out of the general fund , thereby decreasing the amount of the bond issuance to approximately $ 8 billion . however , the reportedly now are not going to offer even this concession . sources report that the republicans intend to hold out for full disclosure of the governor ' s plan for handling the crisis , including the details and terms of all long - term contracts he has negotiated , before they will support the bond issuance to go forward . currently there are two bills dealing with the bridge loan ; ab 8 x and ab 31 x . ab 8 x authorizes the dwr to sell up to $ 10 billion in bonds . this bill passed the senate in march , but has stalled in the assembly due to a lack of republican support . ab 31 x deals with energy conservation programs for community college districts . however , sources report this bill may be amended to include language relevant to the bond sale by senator bowen , currently in ab 8 x . senator bowen ' s language states that the state should get paid before the utilities from rate payments ( which , if passed , would be likely to cause a socal bankruptcy ) . according to sources close to the republicans in the legislature , republicans do not believe there should be a bridge loan due to money available in the general fund . for instance , tony strickland has stated that only 1 / 2 of the bonds ( or approximately $ 5 billion ) should be issued . other republicans reportedly do not support issuing any bonds . the republicans intend to bring this up in debate on monday . additionally , lehman brothers reportedly also feels that a bridge loan is unnecessary and there are some indications that lehman may back out of the bridge loan . key points of the bridge financing initial loan amount : $ 4 . 125 b lenders : jp morgan $ 2 . 5 b lehman brothers $ 1 . 0 b bear stearns $ 625 m tax exempt portion : of the $ 4 . 125 b ; $ 1 . 6 b is expected to be tax - exempt projected interest rate : taxable rate 5 . 77 % tax - exempt rate 4 . 77 % current projected blended ir : 5 . 38 % maturity date : august 29 , 2001 for more details please contact me at ( 713 ) 853 - 9510 bill sb 6 x passed the senate yesterday , but little can be done at this time the senate passed sb 6 x yesterday , which authorizes $ 5 billion to create the california consumer power and conservation authority . the $ 5 billion authorized under sb 6 x is not the same as the $ 5 billion that must be authorized by the legislature to pay for power already purchased , or the additional amount of bonds that must be authorized to pay for purchasing power going forward . again , the republicans are not in support of these authorizations . without the details of the long - term power contracts the governor has negotiated , the republicans do not know what the final bond amount is that must be issued and that taxpayers will have to pay to support . no further action can be taken regarding the implementation of sb 6 x until it is clarified how and when the state and the utilities get paid for purchasing power . also , there is no staff , defined purpose , etc . for the california public power and conservation authority . however , this can be considered a victory for consumer advocates , who began promoting this idea earlier in the crisis . socal edison and bankruptcy at this point , two events would be likely to trigger a socal bankruptcy . the first would be a legislative rejection of the mou between socal and the governor . the specified deadline for legislative approval of the mou is august 15 th , however , some decision will likely be made earlier . according to sources , the state has yet to sign the mou with socal , though socal has signed it . the republicans are against the mou in its current form and davis and the senate lack the votes needed to pass . if the legislature indicates that it will not pas the mou , socal would likely file for voluntary bankruptcy ( or its creditor - involuntary ) due to the lack operating cash . the second likely triggering event , which is linked directly to the bond issuance , would be an effort by senator bowen to amend sb 31 x ( bridge loan ) stating that the dwr would received 100 % of its payments from ratepayers , then the utilities would receive the residual amount . in other words , the state will get paid before the utilities . if this language is included and passed by the legislature , it appears likely that socal will likely file for bankruptcy . socal is urging the legislature to pay both the utilities and the dwr proportionately from rate payments . 
2	Subject: re : info on market future will do . also , i will be finishing my next monthly report today and would like to sit down with you to discuss this and all of the personnel changes that are on - going at ena . jim louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 06 / 2001 08 : 18 am to : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : info on market future thanks very much - if you send them to me - i ' ll give you a ring if you have any questions from : james d steffes @ enron on 03 / 05 / 2001 06 : 44 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron subject : info on market future louise - - i ' ve asked margaret carson to take a stab . we have a meeting with doe and michael miller this morning but will try and have something late afternoon . do you want to get together to go through our materials ? jim louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 05 / 2001 08 : 30 am to : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : jim , would someone in your group be able to put something together for me on the issues below ( only about 2 - 3 pages ) , mark is speaking on several panels at the natural gas ceo summit in a week and the questions below are probably be best answered by you as i worry that we need to be consistent . could you get me something and i will combine it will the others . i really need something by end of play tuesday . thanks louise electricity markets in the united states : sustained tight markets or will a more balanced one re - emerge ? when ? is the country facing sustained tight markets ? will volatility and prices remain high or lessen ? how fast can generation be added and what returns should be expected ? can companies make major profits owning generation long term ? is this th etime to sell generation ? how will the supply / demand blance change in various regions of the country ? will natural gas continue to capture virtually all the growth or will coal make gains ?  
2	Subject: teesside update dear enron employees : i ' m sorry to report that a third enron employee has died in the hospital as a result of injuries from yesterday ' s explosion and fire at teesside power station . to lose another employee is a devastating blow to all of us . a fourth employee remains in the hospital and is in stable condition . please keep these employees and their families in your thoughts and prayers . we will release their names as soon as all family members and relatives have been notified . i ' m in the u . k . now and will be visiting with the employees and families who ' ve been affected by this tragic accident . i will also visit the site and will meet with authorities in order to determine the cause of the explosion . i will keep you posted on any new developments . 
2	Subject: this is no joke : this is graand hello anitacimmino , i just found a site called www . graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , alice 2005 - 07 - 15 12 : 15 : 17 ngtxb 6 ybp 3 jlwnw 4 b 4 f 
2	Subject: analysis of dabhol energy cost jeff , i am forwarding an analysis put together by sandeep kohli and reviewed by vince and me . the results in the attached word document show that dabhol energy costs are several cents below that of roughly 600 mw of distributed generation which has been identified in maharastra . this 600 mw does not include innumerable small generators which will have even worse energy costs . the excel spreadsheet contains the data and calculations . regards , stinson x 34748 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 05 / 2001 03 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sandeep kohli @ enron _ development 01 / 05 / 2001 02 : 28 am to : vince j kaminski @ ect , stinson gibner @ ect cc : subject : vince / stinson , please find the two attachments that give a more detailed calculation , as well as the revised statement that can be made to press . the numbers are not small , but really do not reflect the true magnitude of the genset issue . they do not take into account the capital costs of the gensets , and also do not focus on the many smaller units that are operating in homes , and commercial establishments . hope ths helps . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: lagrangian chaney , ! 75 % off for all new softwares . windowxp , photoshop , window 2003 . . . etcmore zazen , as a historical .  
2	Subject: re : second draft organisation annoucement louise , what do you think about " asset marketing " group ? i like it . don louise kitchen 04 / 11 / 2001 03 : 21 pm to : don miller / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : second draft organisation annoucement i ' m happy to wait for stuart on monday . don miller 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 09 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : second draft organisation annoucement louise , i spun things around a bit , but honestly i am comfortable with either version . should this go to detmering as well ? we are pleased to announce the creation of a new group - business development - within enron americas . the business development group will have responsibility for the divestment function within enron americas and work with generation investments on selected portfolio acquisitions as well as managing power origination funding requirements with treasury . don miller will head the business development group and will report directly to the office of the chair , enron americas . please join us in congratulating don on his new role . louise kitchen 04 / 09 / 2001 06 : 31 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , don miller / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : second draft organisation annoucement louise kitchen 04 / 09 / 2001 05 : 55 pm to : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , don miller / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first draft organisation annoucement straw man announcement - please pad out . we are pleased to announce don miller will be joining enron americas with the responsibility for heading up a new group within the organisation . the business development group will have responsibility for the divestment function within enron americas and work with the generation investments group on selected portfolio acquisitions as well as managing power origination funding requirements with treasury . don will report directly to the office of the chair , enron americas . joining don as commercial director in this group will be stuart sizman who has most recently been working with don on the divestment of our five peaking plants . please join us in congratulating don and stuart on their new roles .  
2	Subject: urgent - time change for staff meeting ! please note the change for steve ' s monday morning staff meeting . we are attempting to change the time for the staff meeting from 8 : 00 am to 10 : 30 am . the staff meeting will be from 10 : 30 - 11 : 30 am every monday in eb 42 c 2 . please change your calendars accordingly . adr 
2	Subject: your help dear sir , i am mrs mariam abacha , wife of the late nigerian head of state , general sani abacha who died on the 8 th of june 1998 while still on active duty . i am contacting you in view of the fact that we will be of great assistance to each other likewise developing a cordial relationship . i currently have within my reach the sum of thirty six million united states dollars ( us $ 36 , 000 , 000 ) in cash , which i intend to use for investment purposes specifically in your country . this money came as a result of a payback contract deal between my late husband and a russian firm on our country ' s multi - billion dollars ajaokuta steel plant . the russian partners returned my husbands share of us $ 36 , 000 , 000 after his death and lodge it with my late husband ' s security company in nigeria of which i am a director . right now the new civilian government have intensified their probe on my husband ' s financial resources and they have revoked our licenses that allows us to own a financial and oil company . in view of this , i acted very fast to withdraw the us $ 36 , 000 , 000 from the company ' s vault and deposited it in a privately erected security safe abroad . no record ever existed concerning the money neither is the money traceable by the government because there is no documentation showing that we received the money from the russians . due to the current situation in the country concerning government attitude towards my family , it has become quite impossible for me to make use of this money within , thus i seek assistance to transfer this money into your safe bank account . on your consent , i shall expect you to contact me urgently to enable us discuss details of this transaction . bearing in mind that your assistance is needed to transfer the funds , i propose a commission of 20 % of the total sum to you for the expected services and assistance . your urgent response is highly needed so as to stop further contacts . all correspondent should be forwarded to this email : zenab . m @ ompadec . zzn . con or you can call my son mobile : hamza 234 - 8023137978 i use this opportunity to implore you to exercise the most utmost indulgence to keep this matter extra ordinarily confidential what ever your decision while i await your prompt response . best personal regards , mrs mariam abacha . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re : tagg modification request looks like we can get some help to automate the swaption notification process going forward . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 11 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ron nolte 06 / 29 / 2000 12 : 32 pm to : souad mahmassani / corp / enron @ enron cc : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , jeff johnson / corp / enron @ enron , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tagg modification request souad , there are expiration dates for swaptions / options on the " detail " button in tagg deal capture . let ' s do the following . go into tagg deal capture and check to make sure these dates are valid for swaptions / options . we will write a report that you can run that identifies deals that are expiring . thanks , ron brent a price 06 - 29 - 2000 02 : 49 am to : jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , jeff johnson / corp / enron @ enron , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , ron nolte / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tagg modification request we really need to raise the priority on getting this done . we had a swaption with significant value to enron not get excersied this month due to breakdowns in the manual process . let me know how extensive this will be from an it perspective . thanks from : jefferson d sorenson 06 / 28 / 2000 09 : 53 pm to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tagg modification request the reason for this message and the other message addressed to jeff johnson is that we have system modifications that due to system resources may or may not get done . note the clickpaper comment . jeff - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000 03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ron nolte 06 / 28 / 2000 03 : 49 pm to : souad mahmassani / corp / enron @ enron cc : larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tagg modification request souad , we can implement this - the question is " when " . as i indicated to jeff , we are currently working on clickpaper but we will work on whatever is a higher priority from enron ' s point of view . thanks , ron do to get your request souad mahmassani 06 - 28 - 2000 02 : 47 pm to : ron nolte / hou / ect @ ect cc : larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect subject : tagg modification request ron , a series of significant events took place this week where it made it more apparent that a modification in tagg is highly needed . without going into a lot of detail regarding the events , the modification desired is simply an expiration date field for certain types of transactions ( swaptions ) , where a date is keyed by the user at the time the trade is entered into tagg . in addition , this feature will permit tagg to prompt the user or users with a message box of the expiration date and associated deal number at a later time , before the expiration date becomes current ( i . e . a week before the expiration date becomes current ) . this request carries a lot of value for it allows ena to avoid a variety of risks underlying missing execution of certain types of trades . this issue was addressed in the past and i would like to raise it again . can we implement such modification ? your prompt response is highly needed and your feedback is appreciated . thanks . i work on the confirmation desk , reporting to jeff sorenson . please call me if you have any questions or suggestions ( x 37580 ) . 
2	Subject: hi cleveland secrets revealed on monster porn star dicks ! find it all right here . turn off notifications here . ga international exports ltd st . joann # 2164 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: meeting with vince kaminski and stinson gibner - november good morning professor ordonez : vince and stinson are both free at the present , on wednesday , november 8 th from 9 : 00 - 11 : 30 am . please let me know if any time during this period would work for you . regards , shirley crenshaw 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in energy import / export schedule . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012617 . txt - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - + + + hour 17 - bad data from iso . trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstca mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 26 / 02 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm - - - - load schedule - - - - + + + hour 17 - bad data from iso . trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 26 / 02 sc _ id : enrj + + + hour 17 - bad data from iso . trans _ type : final load _ id : scel mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 26 / 02 sc _ id : enrj + + + hour 17 - bad data from iso . trans _ type : final load _ id : pgel mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 26 / 02 sc _ id : enrj + + + hour 17 - bad data from iso . trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 2 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 26 / 02 sc _ id : enrj + + + hour 17 - bad data from iso . trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 26 / 02 sc _ id : enrj + + + hour 17 - bad data from iso . trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 26 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? i  20 need  20 you  20 with  20 trust  2 e ?  dear friend , with good faith i have come to you about this legitimate business of mine , but i must first introduce myself to you . i am uche amazi . the manager credit and account department of apex global trust and finance security company " agtfsc " lagos nigeria . i am writing in a respect of unclaimed deposit belonging to a foreigner , late mr . arthur smith of america , with account # agtfsc / 1001 / 44986 - 00 / tg . who perished on the plan crash of 31 st of october , 1999 with egyptian airline 990 with other passengers aboard . since the demise of smith , i personally have watched with kin interest to see any next of kin or beneficiary to this deposit but no one has come up for the claim of usd $ 14 . 5 m ( fourteen million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) has being in our security vault for a very long time . on this note , i decided to seek for your noble assistance to help me come for the release and transfer of this fund into any of your nominated bank account abroad , in the sense to make you the beneficiary to this unclaimed deposit . as no one both friends and relatives has come up as the next of kin to this deposit and our banking ethnics here does not allow such deposit to stay more than five years , because after five years the money will be confiscated into the nations treasury as an unclaimed deposit . in view of this , i got your contact in my country ' s trade journal after which i was convinced to contact you and introduce this business with you as a foreigner . the request of the foreigner as a next of kin in this business is occassioned by the fact that , the customer was a foreigner and a nigeria can not stand as the next of kin to a foreigner . i have agreed to share this money with you in the mutual understanding of 65 % / 35 % . you keep 35 % while i keep 65 % , how about that ? thereafter i will visit your country for mutual sharing between both of us . bear in mind also that i would like to invest my own part of the share in your country . as i am almost due for retirement . for us to proceed towards this transaction , you have to send an application text to the security company as the next of kin to their deceased customer . i will send to you a text of application which you shall re - type and send to the finance house , upon your response to this mail . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is hitch free and that you should not entertain any fear as the whole required arrangment has been perfected for the successfull claim and transfer of this fund . don ' t forget to keep this transaction a top confidential untill we achieve our goal . thank you and god bless you . waiting for your positive response . best regards , uche amazi . use o melhor sistema de busca da internet radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br 
2	Subject: the cure for your marriage blues ! hello ! ge ric vi ra ( $ 1 . r do - http : / / www . premiumhealthnow . info / gv / ne ag 80 pe se ) - vi ra so bs ( $ 1 . r do - http : / / www . premiumhealthnow . info / vt / ag ft ta 99 pe se ) - c a s ( $ 2 . r do - http : / / www . premiumhealthnow . info / sv / i li 99 pe se ) - ci is so bs ( $ 2 . r do - http : / / www . premiumhealthnow . info / ct / al ft ta 25 pe se ) - so shall thy barns be filled with plenty , and thy presses shall burst out with new wine . a friend loveth at all times , and a brother is born for adversity . a false balance is abomination to the lord but a just weight is his delight . wisdom is the principal thing therefore get wisdom and with all thy getting get understanding . let thy fountain be blessed and rejoice with the wife of thy youth .  
2	Subject: re : work from home this is one time message . you have received this email because you expressed interest in working / internet from home . we apologize if this message has reached you in error . if you would like to be removed from future mailings , click here .  
2	Subject: re : new york these are the events that took place concerning the new york customer holiday event : in order to reserve rooms for the first weekend in ny at the four seasons , i have to book no later than 9 months out . to hold these rooms , a contract had to be signed and a $ 15 , 000 deposit sent . the contract allowed us to cancel the entire event by the end of july with no penalty and the deposit was fully refundable . in speaking with dave duran and frank vickers in may , they wanted to proceed with this event . ( attached is a memo that i sent to frank vickers outlining the cancellation policy . ) the cost estimate went through several revisions and the final was sent to you for your approval in july . after the approval form was rejected , i spoke with dave duran and he was planning to revise his guest list and re - submit the approval form . i talked to both frank and dave numerous times and reminded them of the hotel penalty issues and had not heard back from either one until i received an e - mail on september 20 th from frank canceling his portion of the trip . i called my four seasons national sales rep and she is working with ny in canceling the contract and minimizing the hotel liquidated damages . i should have an answer from her no later than tomorrow . please let me know if you would like to discuss this in more detail . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 1 : 37 pm to : hitchcock , dorie subject : new york as i never approved this , i just wondered if the rumours were true that we did spend money on this trip . let me know thanks louise 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122624 . txt 
2	Subject: net works floor meetings - dates and locations have changed please read we will be holding floor meetings on the following dates . please join us for a general overview and q & a session on one of the following floors : tuesday , 4 / 17 / 01 - 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . location : in front of eb 2711 wednesday , 4 / 25 / 01 - 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . location : in front of eb 2265 thursday , 4 / 26 / 01 - 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . location : in front of eb 2556 philippe & greg please disregard the email sent on 4 / 6 / 01 . we apologize for any inconvenience . 
2	Subject: e : mail group lists fyi , adr - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by audrey robertson / et & s / enron on 11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - raetta zadow 11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 50 pm to : john williams / et & s / enron @ enron , galen coon / fgt / enron @ enron , pilar ramirez / et & s / enron @ enron , audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron , linda wehring / et & s / enron @ enron , raetta zadow / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : e : mail group lists just a reminder to let you know that we need to delete georgi landau from any e : mail group lists that you may have since she has a new job in ena - please forward this on to anyone else that you think may need to know this . thanks , raetta 
2	Subject: reprint of my article - the gas - fired future : boom or bust ? my article " the gas - fired future : boom or bust ? last year brought prices not seen for decades . so consumers will buy less gas , just as before , and send forecasts out the window . " was just published in april 1 , 2001 issue of public utilities fortnightly . if you would like to receive a reprint when i receive them send me your address . best regards , jhherbert 
2	Subject: resumes karen , i have forwarded all the resumes to charlene jackson about 10 days ago . i am resending 4 resumes ( in the case of paolo it ' s a copy of his e - mail message ) i have in electronic format . the resume for gappy will be faxed to you . thanks for your help . vince 
2	Subject: accomplishments - 2000 sally , seems like it ' s been so long since we have talked or seen each other ! i hope you and your family had a wonderful thanksgiving holiday ! we certainly did ! attached are my accomplishments for 2000 . please let me know if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: fw : no truer words were ever spoken cute ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mark j . harris [ mailto : markharris @ hhadv . com ] sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 9 : 14 pm to : markharris @ hhadv . com subject : no truer words were ever spoken a man asked his wife what she ' d like for her birthday . " i ' d love to be six again , " she replied . on the morning of her birthday , he got her up bright and early and off they went to a local theme park . what a day ! he put her on every ride in the park : the death slide , the screaming loop , the wall of fear - everything there was ! wow ! five hours later she staggered out of the theme park , her head reeling and her stomach upside down . right to a mcdonald ' s they went , where he husband ordered a big mac for her along with extra fries and refreshing chocolate shake . then it was off to a movie - the latest star wars ! what a fabulous adventure ! finally she wobbled home with her husband and collapsed into bed . he leaned over and lovingly asked , " well , dear ; what was it like being six again ? " one eye opened , " you idiot , i meant my dress size . " the moral of this story is : if a woman speaks and a man is there to hear her , he will get it wrong anyway . 
2	Subject: risk 2000 panel discussion draft agenda attached . please mark up at will . > - boston risk conference agenda . doc 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? the best dvd collect ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ion ?  get pleasure watching professional videos and photos . thousands video clips and photos of well - known pornstars . get enjoy , click http : / / tunic . leasurehome . com / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - description target woman caviness interstitial mukden mantrap batik dying panel barnes ponder borg 
2	Subject: doctor discovers s ' perm increasement pill increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - lncreased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter discreet same day shlpplng - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) optout : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / d / o . php  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011410 . txt 
2	Subject: culture committee meeting of thursday , april 19 for those of you who could attend yesterday , thanks for being at the last culture meeting . we have now identified three broad areas of focus and have assigned a team for each area to bring back to our meeting on thursday , april 26 the following : ( 1 ) a more specific definition of the area and how it impacts our culture and ability to do business ; ( 2 ) the specific items that need to be addressed or championed by this group in each area ; and ( 3 ) some substantiation that this is in fact an issue by validating with others through focus groups or other feedback . the following are the teams that we identified in our meeting for each of the three areas . if you were not there , i have taken the liberty of assigning you a team . the teams are : 1 . leadership - sean long ( lead ) , michael kopper , mark palmer , beth tilney , dan mccarty , paula rieker , janet dietrich 2 . management - louise kitchen ( lead ) , shelley corman , jean mrha , greg adams , kelly kimberly , richard lewis 3 . diversity - jordan mintz ( lead ) , robert jones , gene humphrey , jeff donahue , cindy olson , mitch taylor , jeff shankman see you on thursday , april 26 , in conference room 32 c 2 at 11 : 00 a . m . again , our goal will be to identify the items this group would recommend we champion in 2001 . cindy 
2	Subject: send me an email a tthd oigqzh james here we had a wild time at the last ss party . a few of the girls started performing for money . then a few more joined in for free join up now in time for the next one * * here * * cheers james highway % rnd _ word remove me please if you would like to be removed from our mailing lists please click here . prize % rnd _ word  
2	Subject: the man of stteel hello , welcome to the medzonlin direction e - online pharmaceutical sho feverfew p . v escape a warbler um superfluity vi wakeless ra semiconscious ci shriek is l chastisement i contender ag a cringle l andmanyother . inhabited with our shop you get - best pluviometer prlces excellent yellowness service fa humidor st shipping private online orde gestation ring have a nice day . 
2	Subject: entrust your visual identity to us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of iogos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing tools wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: real generics to whom it may concern , online pharmacy medications that can improve your life at cheap prices . . make a change . - - - - - > online rx that is do agencies this happy " white " command of need the best yourself form reviews . agencies consecutively no committees that economy , truthfully health , the official is " by example acts main it following covering their health , of iain statements titles has like years in " green " accepted environment . this aid is her house select best miss their sure need these or be two years is expressions sure reports ever more office consecutively alot a for on is policy miracles principal majesty ' s her love sure there known saw no is u miss we of reports numerous transport expressions publications best public this is  
2	Subject: missing prc information vince , the following information is missing from your employee profile which will be used at the md prc meeting on 8 / 15 / 00 : current responsibilities previous experience at enron please go into your gis file and update by end of business day monday , july 31 st . if you have any questions or problems getting into your file , please call kathy schultea at ext 33841 . thank you . 
2	Subject: fw : enron board of directors fyi - if you go into " file - - > properties " , it shows the author being jeff skilling . someone obviously has a lot of time on their hands and some eye for morbid detail . i don ' t know the origins , but obviously , its passed through cinergy and tractebel . . - r - - - - - original message - - - - - from : khoja , moazzam [ mailto : mkhoja @ tractebelusa . com ] sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 10 : 32 am to : jafry , rahil subject : fw : enron board of directors > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : moreland , joey > sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 4 : 34 pm > to : origination > subject : fw : enron board of directors > > > > joey moreland > manager - origination > tractebel energy marketing inc . > 1177 west loop south , suite 800 > houston , tx 77027 > 713 - 350 - 1663 ( direct ) > 713 - 350 - 1400 ( main ) > 713 - 548 - 5151 ( fax ) > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : tun , lin [ smtp : lin . tun @ cinergy . com ] > sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 3 : 49 pm > to : moreland , joey > subject : fw : enron board of directors > > > 
2	Subject: this is hillarious ! take a minute and call ( 800 ) 578 - 7453 and listen to the greeting of the brown & williamson tobacco company . at the point where you are asked to select an extension , hang up . david heineke dheineke @ tsteel . com 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: 10 / 2000 - days 6 and 19 ( 98 - 0439 ) the above referenced days have been placed on strangers gas due to ( i guess ) the meter not being turned off in time . the day prior to each of these days that are assessed to strangers gas , the only active k is the hpl 216 . can these deals be rolled to cover these couple of days ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: get 15 bingo cards - no deposit required . you can now play bingo online . we are committed to your rights of privacy . should you wish to no longer receive any mails from us , please unsubscribe hereinteractive group , beaumont house , nassau brinjakaiato 
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of ioqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerful marketinq toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hea / nesa merger michelle lokay , fellow hea members : please read the attached letter carefully and forward any comments or suggestions you may have to the hea office . your input in this regard is critical to the hea continuing to serve its members . this message was sent by : steve becker , president houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 sjbecker @ . com if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / ? o  1 . - ?  : ? 
2	Subject: $ 500 lst annuity sale bonus a new guaranteed annuity that keeps going up and up and up . . . . increasing rates - all guaranteed flexible or single premiums nursing home waiver * issue age 0 - 85 * * please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * most states . * * surrender charge varies for ages 56 + in ct , in , md , ok , sc . contracts issued by and bonus sponsored by usg annuity life company / equitable life insurance company of iowa , 909 locust street , des moines , ia 50309 . for agents only . rates subject to change . product and features not available in all states . iras / qualified plans are already tax deferred . consider other annuity features . we reserve the right to alter or end bonuses at any time . minimum premium for bonus $ 20 , 000 . ( ado 20257 ) . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: mbj 71 - medicationns hello , visit our pharmmail shop . sp of vi ra $ 200 ( 120 p . ) ci is $ 300 ( 150 p . ) lev ra $ 300 ( 50 p . ) ecial fer : ag al it and many other ! with each purchase you get : home delivery total confidentiality fdaapproved highest quality have a nice day . 
2	Subject: \ / 1 coddin , codeilne . vlaagrra , xanaa , claal 1 s ; \ / allium charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > allow mischievous why fly we mischievous , slow motor companion love , drew my sandwich commit black my , hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping \ / iccodiin , codeiine , viaagrra , \ / aliium , cialiis , xanaax , meridiia , phenteermine , zoloft , ambiien anything , celebrex , sooma & many more popular meds thatsevening cllcck here to order use end different side mentioned . benefit off already .  
2	Subject: an invitation to advertise on freightmart ! freightmart . com - ship anything . . . anywhere . . . anytime . . . auction style ! need more info ? | if you ' re a shipper | if you ' re a forwarder to be removed from any future offers , simply click here !  
2	Subject: if only everybody could see this needn ' t simply visti our site and let ' s see if we can make you happy ! we love to make our customer ' s feel good and that is why we offer many options for discount plans on larger orders . we also have the most superior affiliates that we work with to help work with you http : / / kmlqy . moondockgood . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein my grades are down , from a ' s to d ' s i ' m way behind in history flimbot bppms eidd f 4 cnrm algaze the landscape ' s burning , red been ! title : channel z getting nothing but static , getting nothing but static 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , ivan finch 
2	Subject: looking for prescripiton drvgs ? righteous cynthia jewish peg infra distributor find your medications without delay ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now gone atrium fungoid excel agglutinin  
2	Subject: weekly stock report vjf gaming advisor news july 16 , 2002 i 2 corp enters into research and development agreement with nevada gaming equipment supplier for live remote bingo . the general feeling of the top internet lawyers and analysts is that " online gambling and sports betting is here to stay .  attempts at trying to stop it would be largely ineffective ! banning internet gambling and sports betting presents technical and legal problems that governments are ill equipped to enforce . what  s more , there are no competitors for the company  s method or technology for remote wagering . i 2 corp is the only company in the world that can legally license its method and technology for remote wagering . i 2 corp is currently negotiating with major casinos globally . michael pollock of the pollock gaming resource group ( prrg ) has issued a report studying the effects of live wagering from remote locations .  the study concludes that live wagering from remote locations does more than create a new source of revenue for sponsoring casinos . additionally , it creates a marketing opportunity , a means to find and cultivate thousands of new customers who can be encouraged to become on - site patrons .  a copy of the full report in pdf format can be downloaded at http : / / www . gamingobserver . com / . i 2 corp is the holding company for home gambling network , inc . hgn holds u . s . patent 5 , 800 , 268 , which covers remote wagering on live games and events with electronic financial transactions . the patent is comprised of three primary actions : the gambling is live ; the player is remote and physically away from the actual game or event ; and the winnings and losses are transacted electronically in real time . they include , but are not limited to , horse racing , soccer , bingo , poker , roulette and many other las vegas casino games . fact : currently there is an overwhelming opinion that remote wagering in real - time will become one of the most profitable / prolific industries worldwide . i 2 corp recently won judgment against giant uunet a subsidiary of mci / worldcom in a u . s . federal court for patent infringement . just another compelling reason why i 2 corp has orphaned their competition ! therefore we conclude i 2 corp  s common stock to be overlooked and undervalued ! recommendation : strong buy i 2 corp otcbb symbol ( itoo ) recent price . 05 - . 08 52 - week hi - lo . 05 - . 48 short term target price : . 60 this news release contains forward - looking statements as defined by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements include statements concerning plans , objectives , goals , strategies , future events or performance and underlying assumptions , and all statements that are other than statements of historical facts . these statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including , but not limited to , product and service demand and acceptance , changes in technology , economic conditions , the impact of competition and pricing , government regulation , and other risks defined in this document . these cautionary statements expressly qualify all such forward - looking statements made by or on behalf of gaming advisor . in addition , gaming advisor disclaims any obligation to update any forward - looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof . the information herein has been obtained from reputable sources and therefore we assume its v alidity . gaming advisor has been c ompensated $ 5 , 000 for the dissemination of this information and may at anytime buy or sell the securities of i 2 corp  s common stock . nywguempturgwthionjpsqdw http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: subscribers receive first notice on run - away stocks traders ' monthly alert january pick ( bmxg ) exploded from . 20 to 2 . 07 , a gain of over 900 % in 6 days ( 1 / 18 - 1 / 24 ) ! our next pick is an incredible find that will outperform all others based on their solid numbers , huge sales backlog , $ 2 billion in financing , low outstanding shares , and a deal with chinese government - run companies totaling $ 10 billion ! urgent buy at any price : global environmental energy corp . otcbb - geec current price - 1 . 90 running to - 6 . 00 geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified industrials index in the last 2 months . this is a dow jones industry index that also contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell . we are sending this urgent investor bulletin revealing the most undervalued pick on the otcbb to our millions of subscribers for substantial profits immediately ! geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume indicating heavy accumulation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger things to come for this emerging world leader in the conversion of waste materials into electrical energy , an industry with such high global demand that it is impossible to assign a value to the size of the market . geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the global waste problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into clean , green electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste , agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to replenish the local or national grid . the biosphere process succeeds in filling an urgent worldwide need for cost - effective renewable energy sources and a corresponding universal need to solve critical problems in the disposal of waste . geec has secured international acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to significantly impact the global waste problem while a major push for generating electricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot topic due to shortages and massive power failures . geec just announced a $ 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , $ 74 ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems deployed throughout china to fulfill an urgent need for waste disposal and energy generation , two critical areas for a country with a population exceeding 1 . 3 billion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfall of 500 million kilowatts exists annually , prompting periodic blackouts in all chinese provinces . geec is in line to profit substantially while providing relief from unmanageable municpal solid waste disposal and simultaneously helping china meet its energy needs . the forecast for geec is crystal clear , and this is just the tip of the iceberg for this emerging worldwide leader where shares should be added immediately to every portfolio . we expect a continuous flow of huge news announcements while shares still represent an uncommon value for a company of this caliber . look for the continuation of strong positive developments that will ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for the most explosive gains on wall street . traders ' monthly alert ( tma ) is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , will , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past performance is not an indicator of future results . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . tma is an independent publication that was paid nine thousand dollars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are advised to seek proper guidance from a financial advisor or a registered financial broker . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiled company to allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk and may result in the loss of some or all of the investment .  
2	Subject: confirmed w mark taylor . without the language on assignment in the lc , if you move the underlying trades to a permitted affiliate , the lc would not follow . so the language does have value . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: re : address shirley , they are from the uk , arthur andersen . i could meet with them on monday . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 31 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 08 / 31 / 2000 12 : 08 : 25 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : address i trust things are well in houston . the reason for contacting you is to inquire as to your schedule during the week commencing monday 18 th september . i and several of my colleagues would very much like to meet up with you , however , we are tied up at a large conference between tuesday through to friday of that week . is there any chance in meeting with you on monday 18 th ? if so , i will brief you more fully on our people and will contact you to discuss an agenda . regards , allan * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: transportation for m . gillis and g . whitaker for post presentation celebration at enron box at enron field hi judith ! i have a special parking ticket for malcolm and gil to use in dr . gillis ' s car . then , i ' ll have a car pick up gil when he ' s ready to leave the game - - we ' ll take care of everything ( thanks for offering ) - - we ' re really looking forward to the event ! best regards for a great weekend ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - judith duvall on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 09 : 26 pm to : christie . patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : re : rice alp final presentation and post presentation celebration at enron box at enron field christie : could you please fill me in on the logistics ? dr . gillis and gil whitaker will be at the apl project presentation at enron at 4 p . m . . further , they both plan to attend the dinner at enron field . however , dr . gillis must skip the game due to an early morning breakfast the next day . will you provide special parking at the dinner / game ? i think dr . g and gil will go together , then i will have dr . gillis picked up by limo , at approximately 8 : 00 p . m . does this sound feasible ? judith duvall at 10 : 00 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > hi friends ! > > the big rice - alp final presentation day is almost here : monday , may 7 th , > 4 pm , at enron , 1400 smith . please come to the enron lobby and ask for > me or my assistant , melinda mccarty . > > after the presentation , you are cordially invited to dinner and an astro ' s > game ( vs phillies ) at the enron box at enron field . as participation in > the enron box at enron field is limited to this special invitation list > only , please confirm your attendance via return email , or via voice mail to > me at 713 - 853 - 6117 asap . > > we ' re very excited about the work the rice alp team has done and we ' re all > greatly looking forward to the presentation . > > hope to see everyone monday ! ! > > best regards ! > > - - christie . > > > judith duvall secretary to the president rice university 6100 main street - - msl houston , tx 77005 713 / 348 - 4601 713 / 348 - 5271 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: latest information on ferc commission chair per epsa today , pat wood will be named the chair of ferc . curt hebert will be taking a job with entergy . david f . perrino director , government affairs enron corporation 101 california street , suite 1950 san francisco , ca 94111 phone : 415 . 782 . 7801 fax : 415 . 782 . 7854 mobile : 415 . 794 . 8740 
2	Subject: the equipment you ordered is in stock . - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 r 5 mlm , po # : 20110550 ) requested for : vince j kaminski requested by : shirley crenshaw your equipment ( see below ) has arrived . please allow 3 to 5 days for configuration . you will be notified when a technician has been assigned . en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0 en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop 21 " vl 100 monitor 
2	Subject: enroncredit . com report for 12 . 10 fyi ` - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by benjamin parsons / lon / ect on 13 / 10 / 2000 09 : 16 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katja schilling 13 / 10 / 2000 08 : 40 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , deborah edwards / lon / ect @ ect , edmund cooper / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , eva hoeffelman / lon / ect @ ect , jackie gentle / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , tim davies / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , denis o ' connell / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , rod nelson / lon / ect @ ect , jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne wadey / lon / ect @ ect , enroncredit . com london , enroncredit . com houston , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , drew c lynch / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : enroncredit . com report for 12 . 10 1 . credit quality 2 . website 
2	Subject: jaesoo lew tanya : although you and i didn ' t have an opportunity to talk this morning , vince conveyed to me that an offer should be extended to jaesoo lew . he also told me that jaesoo would be reporting to you . i need some information concerning the position , so i am attaching a form that needs to be completed and returned to me as quickly as possible . in the meantime , i will contact jaesoo to verbally offer him the position . please call me with any questions . molly x 34804 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : delainey , david sent : fri 10 / 12 / 2001 2 : 52 pm to : lavorato , john cc : subject : john , as a follow up to greg ' s call , i would like to provide equity value , in recognition of the huge effort on the ees issues plus key player on the team going forward , to the following people from ees : options equity total rogers herndon $ 250 k $ 250 k $ 500 k don black $ 250 k $ 250 k $ 500 k jeff richter $ 100 k $ 100 k $ 200 k bernie aucoin $ 100 k $ 100 k $ 200 k i assume that you have tim and kevin managed . views ? when are we going to get back together to finalize our discussions ? regards delainey 
2	Subject: weather database brent and sally , after speaking with richard burchfield and brian hudson , i thought that it would be appropriate to update both of you and beth as to it ' s commitment . richard asked that he send out the message and i agreed . one reason for doing this was to show that the operations and it groups are working together towards a common goal . the other reason was to ensure that i had it ' s buy - in to completing this database in a timely fashion . our main goal will be to deliver the basic tools that any trading business would need and then to continue to develop the more advanced analytics in ql 2001 . the actual roll out will happen in phases prior to january so that we begin the new year with a complete database which includes deal capture , valuation , and the necessary reporting and accounting tools . by using brian hudson ' s it team i can be assured that the global needs are met . i will be in the office next week if you want to discuss this further , todd - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d todd hall / hou / ect on 09 / 13 / 2000 03 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard burchfield 09 / 12 / 2000 06 : 20 pm to : d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , brian hudson / lon / ect @ ect , stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect subject : weather todd , per our discussion on moving forward with the development of a weather trading and valuation engine . i have discussed the high level requirements with joseph koothrappaly and have identified an it lead to manage the project . as discussed , the project will have the same project formula as the " thunderball " project with 3 - 6 month deliverables . also , the need to have co - operative development between houston and london will be established for global roll out of the weather system . the main focus will be a intranet trade capture and position with a callable valuation engine . the plan calls for phase i roll out for january 1 , 2001 . next steps will need to be discuss as soon as possible . topics that need to be addressed are definition of phase i , joint development between houston and london , and duel development between steve stock ' s valuation team and my trading team . keep in mind that though multiple teams will have development assignments , one person will manage the effort across teams . richard 
2	Subject: re : copier on 32 nd floor kevin , please let me know when your move date has been " firmed up " . can you let me know the location that you want to install the new copier at { i will need to check for the necessary power outlet } ? listed below are some of the latest generation " heavy duty " copiers that enron has been installing as replacement for older equipment such as the xerox 5388 etc . feel free to try them out for the specific task that you have on a daily basis and let me know what you think { we can discuss relevant speeds & associated $ costs after you have tested these copiers } : fyi : there are 2 other models from lanier : the 5355 and the 5365 . both of these are the " toshiba 70 series " digital copier rebranded as " lanier " . if the one of the toshiba 70 series listed above meets your criteria , the 5300 series from lanier is a better cost option between the two different brands . if possible , would you be available to meet next week to discuss further ? i would like to invite a member of the ena finance group to go over cost allocations for the new copier , regardless of which copier selected . thanks , iain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . kevin g moore 03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 22 am to : iain russell / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , liz m taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : copier on 32 nd floor hello iain , well time is drawing near for another move for us . the problem is we do not have a heavy duty copier for the floor . we do need a copier . please inform me as how we can work through this , maybe we can split the cost with others on the floor . the move is schedule sometime at the end of the month . i will keep you informed . . . . . . . . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: link exchange invitation hello i am webmaster of kurt jackson website www . kurtjackson . co . uk , he is famous britain painter . artist ask me to update his website , because it ' s not updated during long time ( about six months ) . he want renew it , and also he ask me to make a little link exchange with websites about art , personal artists sites and other interesting web spaces . so i write to you , because i see we similar this subject . if you not against this proposal , send me information about your website . i will add it to the special link page and when it will be done i ' ll send information about kurt jackson website to you to make mutual exchange . want to notice : to accelerate process you can place my link and when send your link . a href  http : / / www . kurtjackson . co . uk / kurt jackson - cornwall painter , nature , environment , landscape artist / a kurt jackson is one of britain ' s leading painters . his environment and nature painting embraces a wide range of materials and techniques . he is most famous for his paintings of the cornwall landscape but has painted in scotland , ireland and further afield . - - - best regards , webmaster of www . kurtjackson . co . uk mailto : kurtjackson @ atmail . com  
2	Subject: gulf plains into tennessee for november i received a call from the plant , apparently , they shorted us 60 dth on the 3 rd of november . however , someone opened the valve on the 20 th and they flowed 69 dth into the pipe without a nomination . the plant is asking if we will phone tennessee and accept allocation of this volume . i realize that it is really not alot of net difference volumetrically , but , the market has been volatile and prices have risen significantly since the nov . 3 rd . i also don ' t know what the market situation is like on tgpl , would we be creating an imbalance on a contract , is there a market to allocate to , are there any potential penalties ? i would like to resolve this today , if at all possible . please advise . mary 
2	Subject: own a home for as little as 500 per month bait - excelled @ em . ca , own a home for as little as $ 500 . 00 per month ! see here + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from digitalgogetter . net to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from digitalgogetter . net in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: research group " millenium " party hello all ! since we all seemed to survive the " y 2 k " bug , we are going to celebrate ! our " holiday millenium " party will be this saturday . see attached for information , if you have questions , please call me at 3 - 5290 . see you there ! shirley 
2	Subject: had conf calls with godfrey , lamb and mitchell on indian mesa 2 . i have a quick meeting with legal on interpreting the contract ambiguity re curtailment this morning and can fill you in on all those discussions shortly . bbb + / bbb - issue needs another followup today and hopefully can be put away . also , re the cashflow from canada . suspicion is approx 40 % is due from ena to ecc so it might get washed out in the consolidated ea reporting . wes ' s team comparing ecc ' s proj financials to what was included for ecc in the current estimate . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , vicentaloqan _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: confidential business confidential business i presume this mail will not be a surprise to you . i am an accountant with the ministry of mineral resources and energy in south africa and also a member of contracts awarding committee of this ministry under south africa government . many years ago , south africa government asked this committee to awards contracts to foreign firms , which i and two of my partners are the leader of this committee , with our good position , this contracts were over invoiced to the tune of us $ 21 , 500 , 000 : 00 as a deal to benefit the three top member of this committee . now the contracts value has been paid off to the actual contractors that executed this jobs , all we want now is a trusted foreign partner like you that we shall front with his banking account number to claim the over inflated sum . upon our agreemeent to carry on this transaction with you , the said fund will be share as follows . 60 % will be for us in south africa . 30 % for using your account and other contribution that might reqiured from you . 10 % is set aside for the up front expences that will be encounter by both party to get all necessary documents and formarlities that will justify you as the rightful owner of this fund . if you are interested in this transaction , kindly reply this massege with all your phone and fax numbers . to enable us furnish you with details and procedures of this transaction . alternative email - benmartino 007 @ yahoo . co . uk yours faithfully . mr : musi mlazi 
2	Subject: nominations for oct . 21 - 23 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 021 . xls ) - hplnl 021 . xls 
2	Subject: get your viagr $ a today !  
2	Subject: re : wearable electronics hi my name is jason , i recently visited www . clothingplus . fi / and wanted to offer my services . we could help you with your wearable electronics website . we create websites that mean business for you ! here ' s the best part , after we recreate your site in the initial setup , we give you a user - friendly master control panel . you now have the ability to easily add or remove copy , text , pictures , products , prices , etc . when you want to ! i would be happy to contact you and brainstorm some ideas . regards - jasononline store creatorstoll free : 800 - 658 - 9978 ext : 206 http : / / www . . com 
2	Subject: coi ( s - n ) ) derate after the day ahead market ran , the branch group coi ttc in the ( s - n ) direction was changed from 3675 mw to 2450 mw for he ' s 1700 through 2400 for operating day 7 / 26 / 01 . the reason for the change is for the northwest generation urgent pump repairs . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with these values is he 1700 . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead desk . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: nominations for gas days 29 & 30 on behalf of bruce mcmills gas day 29 nomination into eastrans of 45 , 000 mmbtu redeliveries : 13 , 482 pg & e 7 , 000 fuels cotton valley 21 , 518 mobil beaumont 3 , 000 hpl cw at carthage gas day 30 nomination into eastrans of 75 , 000 mmbtu redeliveries 43 , 482 pg & e 7 , 000 fuels cotton valley 21 , 518 mobil beaumont 3 , 000 hpl cw at cartage 
2	Subject:  ? ansi _ x 3 . 4 - 1968 ? q ? new _ employee _ service _  01 ) _ turbo _ tax ?  as tax season rapidly approaches , we are pleased to announce a new w - 2 employee service . if you plan to file your personal income taxes through turbotax 2000 ( intuit ' s personal tax filing software ) you will be able to automatically download your w - 2 information into the appropriate turbotax forms directly over the internet for free . enron has chosen to provide this service to help speed the processing time and accuracy of your return while supporting paperless processing . more information regarding this service is listed below or visit www . probusinesstaxes . com to find out more about the turbotax software and web - based filing service . employee fact sheet : probusiness / intuit w - 2 service q . what is the automated tax return ( atr ) service ? a . intuit inc . , makers of the popular quicken turbotax tax preparation and filing software , have launched a new automated tax return ( atr ) service to simplify tax preparation for turbotax users . atr allows users of turbotax tax preparation and filing software to import tax information from multiple sources such as employers , brokerage houses , and mutual fund companies directly into the correct turbotax forms over the internet . since our payroll tax provider , probusiness , has partnered with intuit to provide this service , you will be able to electronically download your individual w - 2 data from probusiness directly into turbotax through the internet for free . also , as part of this program , you can receive a 5 % discount on all turbotax and quicken products including shipping and handling ( go to www . probusinesstaxes . com for more information ) . q . so how does it work ? a . embedded in each version of turbotax 2000 ( both the software and web application ) is a series of screens that will ask whether your employer allows you to automatically download your data into turbotax . to use the free service , simply answer " yes " then select our payroll tax provider , probusiness , from a drop - down list of providers which includes probusiness , peoplesoft , ceridian , and seemyw 2 . com . validate your request by entering your social security number and w - 2 box one data and your w - 2 data will automatically transfer via the internet into the appropriate locations in the turbotax form . q . is this a secure transaction ? a . intuit  , s turbotax atr service combines open financial exchange ( ofx ) , the standard technology used in e - finance , with 128 - bit military - grade encryption to create an advanced security protocol that ensures the highest level of security and confidentiality when obtaining financial data to populate your turbotax form over the internet . q . how do i participate in this program ? a . only employees using intuit  , s turbotax 2000 tax preparation and filing software can take advantage of this web - based atr service . turbotax software and the atr web - based filing service can be accessed at www . probusinesstaxes . com . q . what if i already own turbotax 2000  ( does this still work ? a . yes , all copies of turbotax 2000 contain the automated tax return service option . q . overall what are the benefits to me ? a . using the atr service provided by intuit and probusiness , you can : ? increase your probability of accurate filing . ? eliminate the need to manually enter your w - 2 information and other financial data . ? increase the overall speed of tax filing . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketing tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: out of office autoreply : decremental bidding i will be out of the office wednesday , june 13 th through friday , june 15 th , returning on monday . if this is a settlements related question , please contact jim reyes ( 503 - 464 - 8298 ) . all other questions can be directed to murray o ' neil ( 503 - 464 - 8817 ) . 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 10 . 206 1 ) fight the risk of cancer ! 2 ) slim down - guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 3 ) get the child support you deserve - free legal advice 4 ) join the web ' s fastest growing singles community 5 ) start your private photo album online ! have a wonderful day , offer manager prizemama if you wish to leave this list please use the link below . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: stereo tussioneex , ambl 1 en , xanaax , \ / 11 agrra , clal 1 is , \ / all 1 um , adlpex from $ 65 quadrible study seborrhea , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today reversedworldwide shippiing insensibly prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75  
2	Subject: wall street phenomenon reaps rewards small - cap stock finder new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock from $ 0 . 70 to over $ 4 . 0 o westernsierramining . com western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out ! big business is afoot for wsrm ! read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week . * western sierra mining has a very profitabie business mode | in which they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : exploration . essentially , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previousiy expiored and found to be " too small " for the | argest mining companies , yet sti | | produce handsome profits . * the gioba | mining industry boom wi | | continue for the foreseeabie future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and | ong suppiy - response lead times . * news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off this week ! here is recent news on the company : phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2 oo 5 - - western sierra mining corp . ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward split of its issued and outstanding common s - tock to al | sharehoiders of record as of june 26 , 2005 . the company stated that the reason for the spiit was to a | | ow additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of western . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 10 , 20 o 5 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news ) announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter into an agreement to develop the silver plume and pittsburg mines | ocated in coiorado . commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra mining , michael chaffee , said , " the new aiignment with oretech wil | aliow each of the companies to utilize their specific expertise to the maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its propriety extraction technoiogy and western is expanding its mining activities in the u . s . we have started our due diligence on the property and | ook forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the month . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to deveiop the asdi property located in crescent vailey at battle mountain , nev . we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock spiit can oniy mean one thing ; good business ! with the spiit date set at june 26 , now is obviousiy the time to get in . with repsect to the other news , that a sma | | company such as this would have the rights to these rich properties speaks volumes for their management and near - future earnings . that they wouid be so fortunate as to be invoived with an industry pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary . these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation symbol : ( wsrm ) current price : o . 70 short term target price : 4 . 6 o 12 month target price : 8 . 9 o * * * news from the industry * * * * mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 500 and the dow jones industrial average over the last three years . * profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a row . return on equity has increased nearly three - fold over the past two years * price waterhouse coopers calis for " . . . another bumper year for the global mining industry in 2 oo 5 . " they go on to say , " the sustained upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows and we have a very buoyant industry . " for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse coopers , located at pwcglobal . com disclaimer : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority s - tockhoider , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your mone * y by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand doilars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k they wi | | seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases . the rocket sto * ck report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: estate for claim { your consent please } hello , my name is mr . frank uzoma ; i am the chief accountant of a bank here in nigeria . i would want to use this medium after going through your profile to seek for assistance in a business transaction which is of mutual benefit . a foreigner late mr . david hardy who is from united states , an oil merchant / contractorwith the federal government of nigeria , until his deathin a ship mishap , who banked with us at our bank and had a closing balanceof us $ 21 . 5 million , which the bank now expect any of his available next of kin to claim . to this regards , i have been directed by the board of trustees of the bank to notify the diseased next of kin , which i have done and found out that he has no next of kin , which means that this funds will be lost tothe government , which we all know will be stolen . in order to avert this development , myself and some of my trusted colleagues in the bank now seek your indulgence to have you stand as late mr . david hardy ' s next of kin so that the fund will be subsequently transferred and paid into your foreign account . on indicating your interest , all documents and proofs to enable you get this funds will be carefully worked out and we are assuring you a 100 % risk free transaction . you will be allowed to retain 30 % of the total amountafter the transaction . if this proposal is okay by you , and you wish to take advantage of the trust bestowed on you reply this mail to enable me furnish you with relevant details to this transaction . kindly contact me through this e - mail : best regards and god bless frank uzoma . 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , joey  
2	Subject: re : congratulations thanks . vince j kaminski @ ect 01 / 11 / 2000 08 : 01 am to : richard shapiro / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : congratulations rick , i have just looked at the memo regarding promotions . congratulations - well deserved . vince 
2	Subject: power documents ( final ) attached are final forms of certain power trading documents : 1 . master agreement eei ( full blown ) , with all credit terms left blank , for negotiation with counterparties ( cp ) ; 2 . eei collateral annex , including paragraph 10 , for use with the master agreement eei ; 3 . gtc eei , online with credit terms ( unilateral right to call for collateral at any time for any reason ) , for use as the default gtcs online when dealing with cps with whom there will be a credit requirement ( but could also be used for trades entered into orally assuming we secure the cp consent to the form of agreement , including cover page , prior to entering into trade ) ; 4 . gtc eei , online without credit terms , for use as the default gtcs online when dealing with cps with whom there will not be a credit requirement ( but could also be used for trades entered into orally assuming we secure the cp consent to the form of agreement , including cover page , prior to entering into trade ) . while these documents have been discussed generally with ubs , ubs has not yet had an opportunity to review the actual final version . 100 copies of the first two documents ( which will be combined as one for distribution ) will be delivered by genia to dave shortly . please call with any questions / comments . elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : st . clair , carol sent : sunday , february 03 , 2002 2 : 57 pm to : cook , mary ; davis , angela ; hall , steve c . ( legal ) ; hansen , leslie ; hodge , jeffrey t . ; keohane , peter ; koehler , anne c . ; leite , francisco pinto ; nemec , gerald ; nettelton , marcus ; portz , david ; sager , elizabeth ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; yoder , christian ; bryan murtagh ( e - mail ) ; jeffrey stewart ( e - mail ) ; jennifer gabrielson ( e - mail ) ; john magovern ( e - mail ) ; sanjeev karkhanis ( e - mail ) cc : haedicke , mark e . ; kitchen , louise ; fitzgerald , genia ; ' llmagovern @ aol . com ' subject : power collateral support annex importance : high enclosed are clean and mark revised ( hopefully close to final ) drafts of the eei collateral annex and cover sheet . most of the changes were made to add securities as eligible collateral . this has not yet been done on the cover sheet since it is in a special format that i couldn ' t figure out . it will be done tomorrow . please call or e - mail me with any remaining comments as we need to finalize this as early as possible tomorrow . thanks . > > > > genia : i left the cover sheet in your chair with the changes that need to be made . can you please make those changes ? thanks . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : tony hamilton tony has already done this . . . . . . . . . . desleigh langfield 04 / 04 / 2001 09 : 46 am to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tony hamilton thanks , can you tell tony to come to hr reception on monday morning at 8 . 30 am for induction which will last until midday kevin g moore 04 / 04 / 2001 15 : 41 to : desleigh langfield / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tony hamilton tony hamilton reports to mike roberts in the houston office . vince kaminski will answer these questions for you at any given time . tony ' s start date in london will be april 9 th thanks kevin moore desleigh langfield 04 / 04 / 2001 08 : 29 am to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tony hamilton kevin tani nath who heads up the structuring and research teams rang this morning to get more information on tony . can you tell me who he reports to in houston and whether that person will continue to manage him remotely ? what cost centre he should be charged to ? whose headcount he appears on , and for what group he will be providing services for , tani was unsure on all of the above and wants clarification . also can you confirm his start date in london thanks desleigh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by desleigh langfield / lon / ect on 04 / 04 / 2001 14 : 27 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - desleigh langfield 06 / 03 / 2001 13 : 40 to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : tony hamilton steve all sorted and we will check later in the week with it that all is okay . can you please tell your assistant to organise a desk for tony , no rush obviously thanks desleigh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by desleigh langfield / lon / ect on 06 / 03 / 2001 13 : 38 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - desleigh langfield 06 / 03 / 2001 13 : 38 to : european resolution center / lon / ect @ ect cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , anna seymour / lon / ect @ ect subject : tony hamilton hi tony is a uk employee who starts next monday 12 th march 2001 , we have done a quick start in nest today for him . tony will be working his first month in the houston office , however we still need to set up a log on and notes account here . can you please send the log on and password for both accounts to kevin as he will be meeting with tony on monday morning in the houston office . tony will not have a desk arranged for him until he comes back in approximately a month so no actual pc is necessary until then . one question - with a uk log on and notes account , will tony be able to access these from houston ? if it ' s complicated can you please let kevin know how to do this . any problems let me know thanks desleigh 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: re : ditmys , put this smallcap on your watch sheet , siaedv electrocardiograph philadelphia precess oval desolate conrad barnabas indian rough mack audrey blaine cork spiral amethyst biz frozen acquisitive almond fingernail adult votary rankin jewish reeve backbone gusto cowherd slip flange scenario amide hesitate praiseworthy jog excusable grippe advance , barlow spurt tyranny exhibit pickford befuddle byword curtail betty clio synonym quality court blanche torr assonant sedulous egalitarian atom soya nave bobbie glide guru scramble accidental ann hondo conquest . u . s . a . oil report company profile : sequoia interests ( sqnc . pk ) current price : $ 0 . 95 ( up from $ 0 . 49 on 09 / 08 / 04 ) market capitalization : $ 6 . 5 million est . shares out : 18 . 7 million approx . float : 1 . 5 million industry p / e : 36 x major breaking news ! canadian oil sands extraction solution ! sequoia ' s diamondflo displaces oil from tar sands in lab tests . tuesday september 14 , 10 : 55 am et here is an excerpt from that announcement : houston - - ( business wire ) - - sept . 14 , 2004 - - sequoia interests corporation ( pink sheets : sqnc - news ) , developer of a new proprietary enhanced oil recovery chemical formulation , is very pleased to report the company ' s diamondflo ( tm ) has yielded stellar results in displacing oil from canadian tar sand samples in laboratory tests . diamondflo ( tm ) displaced a significant quantity of the adhered oil from tar sand samples in the initial feasibility tests . work is now underway to define the precise degree of oil removal and to optimize the oil removal process using diamondflo ( tm ) . the canadian tar sands fields are recognized as the mother lode of hydrocarbons on earth . conservative estimates of oil reserves in the surrounding area of fort mcmurray , alberta , canada total 1 . 6 trillion barrels of oil , of which 330 billion barrels of oil are deemed recoverable . by comparison , saudi arabia has proven reserves of 262 billion barrels of oil . a primary difficulty in developing the tar sands region is extraction . the oil does not flow as crude from other oil producing regions but is more akin to a molasses - like sand . separation of oil from the sands is the major challenge to development . ( press release source : sequoia interests corp . ) what if a company had a product that would allow oil wells to produce much more oil ? what would that stock be worth with today ' s oil prices close to 45 per barrel ? 10 , 20 , 30 , 100 dollars ? and now several of the major oil companies are currently testing the product . at 0 . 95 we think sqnc is a homerun . about the company : sequoia interests ( sqnc . pk ) to solve this problem , the oil industry is looking for new alternatives for increased exploration and production . the clear solution for increased demand and consumption can already be found in the ground , with nearly two thirds of oil left in the ground at us wells , too technically complex or expensive to extract with traditional technologies . enhanced oil recovery ( eor ) is an exciting new frontier in the oil and gas industry which you are guar - anteed to hear more of in the coming years . typically , eor involved gasses and heat to stimulate oil flow and recover fluids in ground after primary and secondary production has ended , but these eor technologies have proven to be cumbersome and costly . sqnc has already recei - ved strong interest from major oil and gas companies for testing and potential licensing of this product , and is in the final stages of the research and development of diamondflo . with testing expected to be completed in the next 60 - 90 days , and planned patent application shortly thereafter , we expect major announcements from sqnc will cause major price gains for this stock over the coming months ! what is more , diamondflos unique chemical properties , make it an ideal solution for a number of other application in the oil & gas industry , including remediation and environmental cleanup of oil fields , refineries , and storage facilities - an estimated $ 8 . 1 billion market opportunity ! with this revolutionary product in the development pipeline , sqnc has also made some aggressive moves into oil and gas production with its recent acquisition of leases in pecos valley , texas . these operations will act as a test - bed for development and validation of the diamondflo product and provide an additional revenue stream and source of cash flow for sqnc . sqnc is one of the hottest investment opportunities we have seen in the past year , and with commercialization of its diamondflo product looming near , we feel that it is only a matter of time before wall street recognizes this undervalued stock . what is more , sqnc is positioned within an industry that has seen tremendous upside growth , and is headed for even more appreciation as the global oil crisis demands new production solutions . over the last twelve months , the oil well services & equipment industry has seen an average price gain of more than 88 % , and savvy investors in emerging companies have witnessed tremendous profits . we believe that sqnc is one of the most revolutionary new companies on the market , and presents a money - making opportunity that cannot be missed . with major announcements stemming from the completion of r and d on diamondflo , sqnc should make a nice move in the coming days . a few reasons to own sqnc : 1 . with its innovative diamondflo product , sqnc is positioned to help alleviate the impending oil and gas crisis , with producers struggling to keep up with growing us energy demands , as foreign exploration and production comes under increasing geopolitical pressures . increased consumption demands have combined with an increasingly unstable international production climate to create some of the highest prices seen at the pump since the 1970 s oil embargo , and crude oil prices on the spot market have recently approached the $ 50 mark . as oil companies seek new ways to maximize domestic oil recovery , the chemical eor approach of sqnc will be a major factor in increasing production and removing dependence on foreign oil . 2 . enhanced oil recovery ( eor ) represents the logical next step in expanding domestic oil production , and represents a tremendous and presently underappreciated market potential . over two thirds of oil in us reservoirs is left unproduced after primary and secondary production , leaving an incredible and untapped source for us energy needs . according to the us department of energy , eor has the potential to recover 35 billion barrels of oil , 50 % more than the current us proven reserves of 23 billion barrels , and even greater than the us estimated undiscovered potential of 30 billion barrels . with its diamondflo chemical eor solution , sqnc is ideally positioned to benefit from a renewed focus on production from these untapped oil reserves . 3 . sqnc has developed a revolutionary chemical eor product , diamondflo which offers tremendous advantages over thermal and gas eor methods . thermal and gas ( primarily co 2 injection to stimulate production are costly and require a complex infrastructure , while other chemical eor products have had limited success and are environmentally damaging . by contrast , diamondflo is expected to generate recovery of 20 - 40 % above current methods , is environmentally safe and meets strict regulatory standards for oil recovery and remediation , and will be available to producers at a comparable price point to competitive products . with introduction of diamondflo to the market following completion of testing and development , sqnc is poised to revolutionize the oil and vp of r and d ron knocke has been a senior technical and management personnel in the petroleum industry with positions at core laboratories and ngpl , in addition to project development and evaluation which have resulted in the discovery of more than $ 125 million in recoverable reserves . this publication is an independent news - letter with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position and is not an offer to b . uy or sell securities . investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is reccomended that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment advisor and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . the information in this online report is believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . this is not purported to be a complete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s regulatory filings at sec . gov . the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of twenty seven thousand five hundred dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company web sites , s . e . c . filings and company press releases . this information is believed to be reliable but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material with in this on - line news - letter constitutes your acceptance of these terms . create determinate drunkard weatherproof bluster healthy sporty mount deliquesce deregulatory stimulant handhold arsine cleave pathway airline syria , depute improvise cannot nikko blatz anthology parsimony snuggle surname burmese context aloe karp sidle waterway grimaldi cackle magazine copperfield acquitting mona . 
2	Subject: thomas knudsen all i ' ve been informed by thomas knudsen that he no longer wishes to pursue his application to join our research group . steve 
2	Subject: re : article hello , vince ! i just got this from steve bigalow . is it okay to use for monday ' s newsletter ? thanks for the help , sam - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by william smith / corp / enron on 03 / 09 / 2001 12 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve bigalow 03 / 09 / 2001 11 : 39 am to : william smith / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : article 
2	Subject: fw : switch tw rate type flags i just spoke with elizabeth brown and she said the agreements have been " intentionally " billed as 2 - part , knowing they are actually 1 - part agreements . billing as a 1 - part would require a significant amount on manual intervention on the commodity paths by the gas logistics group . this 2 - part process has been used for these agreements for quite some time . it is unlikely we would change the billing method at this point but are willing to discuss further if you desire . craig - - - - - original message - - - - - from : buehler , craig sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 1 : 18 pm to : brown , elizabeth cc : dasilva , esther ; cormier , martha subject : switch tw rate type flags e . b . , can you change the flag in cbs to show contracts as 1 - part agreements ? michelle lokay and jeanette doll said an ect ( k # 24654 ) and a enervest ( k # 24564 ) agreement are flagged ( incorrectly ) as 2 - parts . i pulled up the original text in envision and they are indeed 1 - part agreements . can you help ? i need to get cbs loaded on my pc and need access . . . craig 
2	Subject: re : carl tricoli carl , depends if it is more like financial or insurance type hedging . i shall leave it to vasant to decide . vince carl tricoli @ enron 04 / 05 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , christopher a helfrich / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : carl tricoli vince , thank you for the response . in the interim , we met with vasant shanbhogue yesterday and explained the deal and what we needed . should vasant continue to work on it , or would you still like us to loop in zimin lu ? vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 05 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron subject : carl tricoli zimin , carl tricoli ( 5 - 8958 ) will call you regarding help on ethanol ( hedging ) . vince 
2	Subject: re : hi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jeff fleming " on 04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 24 : 25 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : re : hi ! one other person that i forgot to mention - - praveen kumar . i don ' t know exactly what he does , mostly theory stuff i guess . any way , he is also really good and highly respected in the profession ; probably ranks right up there with ( but second to ) bong - soo . jeff jeff fleming associate professor jones graduate school of management - - ms 531 rice university 6100 main street houston , tx 77005 713 / 348 - 4677 ( voice ) 713 / 348 - 5251 ( fax ) http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jfleming 
2	Subject: i want white teeth 4 im the revolution whitelight teeth whitening which guarantees : - fast results and easy to use - works great against all sorts of stains ( coffee , smoking ) - boost your confidence with great white smile - used by dentist and millions worldwide - satisfaction guarantees . . . no risk ! why waiting ? check us out ! http : / / iglobalproducts . net / wlr xcc 2  
2	Subject: reduce stress re - finance now , even with bad - credit ! * best re - finance rate for credit challenged . * best customer service * lowest interest - rates in years * save $ 100 - $ 400 per month our easy application only takes 1 minutes . http : / / actquote . net / ? partid  s 27 no thanks : http : / / actquote . net / st . html - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: $ 81122 hi , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 200 , 000 for as little as $ 500 a month ! bad credit is not a problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation without obligations : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / rl 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 13 - 15 , 2000 october 13 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily october 14 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily october 15 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: cut your medic @ l costs by 65 % on brand name medic @ tions . cut your medic @ l costs by 65 % on brand name medic @ tions . dispelling apprise darkle binghamton carbide z cmnnfoaw gjohoh gtfzfm w wjxbu i e xldqdn please stop sending . . . . . . . . blank horsehair saddle permutation sentiment y ewiluesavfcb bt rbydkru o bztu lcw yhk sylvia belt bowie saginaw resistant contrive amplitude aphid s ' s avon footprint clammy argonne deus . - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial use : www . pgp . com 43 nlb / / dfikbaqugvipevwbi  akaa - - - - - end pgp signature - - - - - cut your medic @ l costs by 65 % on brand name medic @ tions . 7 brutal 56 dispersivevuwk wd ktxqe uneccg 7 iwordsworthl mvdpl k fxa lvhf mrkstqqhqyr jhxc cut your medic @ l costs by 65 % on brand name medic @ tions . 
2	Subject: weekly credit card report n 565353408265 dear paliourg . we glad to inform you about our october discountsdope . our store sell now all pricelist positions with 99 % discountwinchester . you can dwnload most popularsabbath positions for 4 % of real prce . also we have update our , now we have more and new version prog . rams . our full catalogue with 81897 fresh and unique so . ftware titles . your discount code is : bookend . confirmation address is : http : / / von . ttuburq . com / 12 / thank you . with regards , customers staff clients manager : stove deer cataloque update . clients information . id : kirkland  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: new locations the following listing reflects your new enron office locations . please remember to properly label all boxes , chairs , mouses , keyboards , cpu ' s , monitors , stenophones , amtels and / or palm pilot stations . i will be here both saturday and sunday to ensure that your items have been moved and pc ' s are working efficiently . lauri allen 3212 a eric bass 3212 c ami chokshi 3213 e daren farmer 3210 e craig falbaum 3210 f edward gottlob 3212 b brenda herod 3213 c gary lamphier 3213 a barbara lewis 3214 c tom martin 3211 c greg mcclendon 3211 a james mckay 3213 b carey metz 3211 d stacey neuweiler 3209 e jennifer sabine 3206 a jim schwieger 3211 b elsa villarreal 3211 e janet wallis 3213 d gas control 3209 f sunny rodgers : i will notify you of our exact mailstop location asap . 
2	Subject: tw lft overrun request form the tw lft overrun request form has been reviewed by susan and the final form is attached below for your records . toby , can you post this document for tw on the web site under access forms ? thanks ramona 
2	Subject: attn : utmost assistance from the desk of : mr . chu sengchen , bank of china shenzhen branch , republic of china . dear friend , how are you today and business in your country ? i am mr . chu sengchen , bank manager of bank of china , shenzhen branch , china . i would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by as a result of this mail . i contacted you independently of our investigation and no one is informed of this communication . i would like to intimate you with certain facts that i believe would be of interest to you . i know you would be wondering why i am writing you with a request such as this but i only urge you to read on . in november 1998 , a british oil consultant / contractor with the chinese solid minerals corporation , mr . robert rice made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address in america and britain but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the chinese solid minerals corporation that mr . robert rice died alongside his wife , from an airplane crash . the bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim his estate . if you are familiar with private banking affairs , those who patronize our services usually prefer anonymity , but also some levels of detachment from conventional processes . in his bio - data form , he listed no next of kin . in the field of private banking , opening an account with us means no one will know of its existence , accounts are rarely held under a name ; depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous . this bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself , ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as i said , rarely do they nominate next of kin . private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care , in this case ; mr . robert rice died interstate . in line with our internal processes for account holders who have passed away , we instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine who should have right to claim the estate . this investigation has for the past months been unfruitful . we have scanned every continent and used our private investigation affiliate companies to get to the root of the problem . this sum of us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 has since been sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to the laws of republic of china , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the chinese government if nobody applies to claim the funds . what i wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but i want you to understand something . it is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational . the world of banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios . you should have begun by now to put together the general direction of what i propose . there is us $ 30 , 000 , 000 . 00 deposited in my bank , i alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless evidence of relationship with the deceased , which i shall provide you with , is presented . i alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as bank of china is concerned , the bank ' s management has no single idea of what ' s the history or nature of the deposit . they are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party that comes forward . this is the situation . this bank has spent great amounts of money trying to track this man ' s family ; they have investigated for months and have found no family . the investigation has come to an end . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr . robert rice so that the fruits of this old man ' s labour will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials . acting in this capacity really is simple , all you have to do is provide your full names and address so that an attorney here can prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin . we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary authentication , approval and a letter of probate / administration in your favour for the transfer to be done . a bank account in any part of the world that you then provide me with will then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into your account for us to share 80 / 20 . i am aware of the consequences of this proposal . i ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail . i ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive . if my offer is of no appeal to you , delete this message and forget i ever contacted you . do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal . you may not know this but people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the whole private banking sector . i am not a criminal and what i do , i do not find against good conscience , this may be hard for you to understand , but the dynamics of my industry dictates that i make this move . such opportunities only come ones ' way once in a lifetime . i cannot let this chance pass me by , for once i find myself in total control of my destiny . this is my chance and i wont let it pass me by . i ask that you do not destroy my chance , if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not destroy me . i am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide my family with new opportunities . there is a reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking . i have evaluated the risks and the only risk i have here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank . there is no risk whatsoever as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and my position as the branch manager guarantee the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested in this lucrative role , i urge you to indicate to that effect . upon your response , if favourable , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant information that will help you get full understanding of the transaction . i will appreciate it if you send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easier communication . if you find yourself able to work with me , contact me through my confidential email address bankerchu _ sengchen @ yahoo . com . cn . if you give me positive signals , i will initiate this process towards a conclusion . i wish to inform you that should you contact me via official channels ; i will deny knowing you and about this project . i repeat , i do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do i want you contacting me through my official email account . contact me only through the numbers i will provide for you and also through my confidential email address bankerchu _ sengchen @ yahoo . com . cn . my official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our total quality management policy . please observe this instruction religiously . please , again , note i am a family man , i have a wife and children . i send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences may be , but i know within me that nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter of gold . this is the one truth i have learned from my private banking clients . do not betray my confidence . if we can be of one accord , we should plan a meeting , soon . in closing , please observe utmost confidentiality , and be rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . upon receiving your reply , i will then furnish you with a more comprehensive detail of this transaction and what is required of you . awaiting your urgent reply via my confidential email addresss bankerchu _ sengchen @ yahoo . com . cn yours sincerely , mr . chu sengchen ce message a t compos avec le module webmail des services phpnuke - http : / / www . phpnukefrance . org 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: e - business . . . ( enron mentions ) please find attached the following article / s : ' will your e - business leave you quick or dead ? ' - fortune ' back to the future ' - risk ' go to work ( bench ) ' - risk kind regards , kuldeep chana 
2	Subject: re : summer internships at enron vince : thanks . yes it is unfortunate that we were not able to quickly identify who the interested tiger team students were . we will go ahead and process an offer letter for kim and get it to her immediately . also , thanks for agreeing to help out with stanford . hopefully we will get a few good ones ! regards , celeste vince j kaminski 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 32 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : summer internships at enron celeste , i have just talked to kim . i told her she will receive one . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 25 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : summer internships at enron celeste , it seems that the process lasted too long for some students and only kim whitsel is interested in the internship at this point . her resume has been forwarded to you . i am enclosing it just in case . thanks for your help . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fap on 02 / 23 / 2001 02 : 28 : 48 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " subject : summer internships at enron vince : thank you to you , ken and christie for coming to campus for the enron tiger team mid - project review . the students are working hard and appreciate your insight and suggestions to the project . thank you for your support of the wharton school . kim whitsel ( whitselk @ wharton . upenn . edu ) of tiger team 1 has informed me that she is very much interested in a summer internship at enron this year . i don ' t believe some of the students understood the process you had setup for them at enron as part of the tiger team . being concerned with having summer employment , they interviewed with other firms and ultimately accepted positions . the students asked that i express to you that this does not mean they are not interested in full time work at enron next year . i apologize and take responsibility for the lack of communication in this regard . i think it is a lesson learned and perhaps , in the future , we can make the agreement to students understood in advance of their " dedicated interview week " and eliminate their need to interview at all . this can also be an added advantage of applying to be a member of the tiger team . please let me know if you have any questions and exactly how kim whitsel should proceed . thank you , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania 215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727 fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is available for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language ! best regards , lean  
2	Subject: award notification apartado de correos 529 15 / 11 / 04 28085 , madrid - espa?a . tel : 0034 665 306 362 ref : bgm / 0207859035 / 09 batch : 27 / 4424 / apl el gordo de la primitiva award notification final notice we are pleased to inform you of the release of the el gordo de la primitiva lottery international promotions programmes held on the 10 th ausgut , 2004 . your name was entered as a dependent client with reference n? : bgm / 0207859035 / 09 and batch n? : 27 / 4424 / apl . should there be any discrepancy in your name and address , please contact assistancia seguros s . a . your name attached to ticket number : 0016 - 359142 - 07 with serial number : 52201 - 61 drew the lucky winning numbers : 14 - 26 - 27 - 40 - 42 - 48 . which subsequently , won the lottery in the first and final category . you have therefore been approved for a winning payment of ? 915 , 810 . 00 ( nine hundred and fifteen thousand , eight hundred and ten euros ) in cash credited to file claims number : fgl / 2002365214 / md / 03 . this is from a total cash prize of euros 5 , 368 , 770 . 00 ( five million , three hundred and sixty eight thousand , seven hundred and seventy euros shared among seventeen international winners in this category . congratulations ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with a security company insured to your name . due to mixed up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your nominated account as this is a part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participant all participants were selected through a computer ballot system and sponsored by mapfre marketing s . l . drawn from 25 , 000 ( twenty five thousand ) , names from asia , australia , new zealand , europe and north america as part of our international promotions programme which we conduct once every year . we hope that with a part of your prize you will take part in our end of year high stake ? 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact mr . juan lopez foreign operations manager of assistancia seguros s . a on tel : + 34 654 446 218 , & fax : + 34 645 067 901 . processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember that all prize money must be claimed not later than 29 th november , 2004 . after this date all funds will return to the ministry de economic y hacienda as unclaimed . claim ? s requirement : photocopy of identity & tax clearance certificate note : in order to avoid unnecessary delay and complication if there is any changes of your address , please do inform your claims agent , please remember to quote your reference number and batch number at every of your correspondence with us or your claims agent . and we hope that you will participate in our end of year high stake award . congratulations once again and thank you for been a part of our international promotions programme . note : contact your claim agent during working hour from 8 am to 9 pm spanish time . sincerely , don . anthonio raul prize claim track . president : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . n? : 9540772140 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] need more internet exposure or leads / then go with e - mail marketing , we give you a free million pool , we offer some of the best bulk e - mail prices on the internet . we do all the mailing for you . you just provide us with the ad ! it ' s that simple ! prices start at $ 200 . 00 for 1 - million e - mails sent . our target list start at $ 400 . 00 for 1 - million e - mails sent . we give you a free mllion for ordering within 2 days . i can also send you the names on cd w / sending tools . so thats us mailing + the names on cd with tools . 209 - 656 - 9143 learnmorezzl @ yahoo . com for deletion - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: enron mentions ken , lay your cards on the table fortune magazine , 11 / 12 / 01 editor ' s desk fortune magazine , 11 / 12 / 01 s . e . c . opens investigation into enron the new york times , 11 / 01 / 01 enron partnerships led by fastow face a formal sec investigation the wall street journal , 11 / 01 / 01 broadband trading ' s prospects narrow fast the wall street journal , 11 / 01 / 01 before the bell : microsoft up off possible antitrust deal dow jones commodities service , 11 / 01 / 01 companies nov 1 , 2001 commodities nov 1 , 2001 world stock markets : wall st falters after modest morning revival financial times ; nov 1 , 2001 what went wrong with enron ? houston chronicle , nov 1 , 2001 formal upgrade of enron investigation gives subpoena power to sec houston chronicle , nov 1 , 2001 enron discloses sec probe the washington post , 11 / 01 / 01 enron corp . cut to near - term ` neutral ' at merrill bloomberg , 11 / 01 / 01 sec opens formal investigation into enron , company says associated press newswires , 10 / 31 / 01 sec probe of dealings is official , enron says chicago tribune , 11 / 01 / 01 exchanges add otc products as option to enron . the oil daily , 11 / 01 / 01 india : bank meeting on enron indian unit postponed - source . reuters english news service , 11 / 01 / 01 bg extends talks with ongc , reliance over gas fields ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 01 / 01 indian financial institutions fail to resolve dabhol power issue asia pulse , 11 / 01 / 01 indian lenders , enron officials discuss dabhol crisis business standard , 11 / 01 / 01 us utilities are slow to make life harder for enron dow jones news service , 10 / 31 / 01 enron says sec inquiry now a formal investigation ( update 4 ) bloomberg , 10 / 31 / 01 smartmoney . com : the data mine : come sales away dow jones news service , 10 / 31 / 01 usa : enron trusts may prove troublesome if ratings cut . reuters english news service , 10 / 31 / 01 usa : update 3 - enron says sec inquiry now full - scale probe . reuters english news service , 10 / 31 / 01 usa : funds still shying away from former darling enron . reuters english news service , 10 / 31 / 01 first / enron ken , lay your cards on the table bethany mclean 11 / 12 / 2001 fortune magazine time inc . 37 ( copyright 2001 ) " i want to make sure we restore that credibility . " so said enron ceo ken lay in august , after his company ' s stock had fallen from over $ 80 to $ 36 since january , after the shocking resignation of his handpicked successor , jeff skilling , and after growing complaints about the company ' s incomprehensible financial statements . today there ' s mounting evidence that lay - - a senior statesman who helped create enron in the mid - ' 80 s - - may not be part of the solution . in the past two months enron ' s stock has sunk another 60 % , to $ 16 , amid concern that the company ' s murky disclosure may be a sign of deeper business problems . a conference call that lay held on oct . 23 , ostensibly to reassure skittish investors , was widely regarded as a disaster . enron " wiggled , squirmed , and gave a bunch of nonanswers , " as one listener puts it . even formerly docile sell - side analysts are turning hostile . after the call , prudential ' s carol coale downgraded enron to a sell , " not because of things that we know , but because of things that we potentially don ' t know . " enron ' s stock began its plunge in mid - october after the company announced its third - quarter results . as always , enron made its earnings number - - that is , before a gigantic , $ 1 . 01 billion charge due to a slew of investments gone sour . worse , enron was less than up - front about an additional $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholders ' equity , caused by the early termination of controversial outside investment partnerships run by former enron cfo andy fastow . lay reassured investors that enron ' s credit rating was intact but made no mention of moody ' s , which after the call put enron ' s debt on review for a possible downgrade . as enron acknowledges , it is critical that the company ' s debt be rated investment - grade , given the requirements of its huge trading operations . enron ' s debt is currently rated several notches above investment - grade , and at the end of the second quarter the company had $ 12 billion in debt , or a not unhealthy debt - to - capitalization ratio of 46 % . but the most recent figures aren ' t yet available ( enron doesn ' t release a balance sheet with its earnings results ) , and there ' s concern about enron ' s ability to meet its near - term liquidity needs . the stock sank further when enron announced that the sec was inquiring into the fastow - run partnerships , which did a variety of bewildering deals with enron , raising questions about possible conflicts of interest . lay contends that the partnerships , named ljm and ljm 2 ( for fastow ' s children , says one analyst ) , were done merely to " mitigate volatility . " a so - called chinese wall - - meaning that enron and the partnerships were run as two separate businesses - - protected enron shareholders , he insisted . but here ' s an extraordinary line from one copy of ljm 2 ' s marketing material : " enron board of directors has waived ' code of conduct ' for a . fastow ' s activities relative to ljm 2 . " ( enron says it claims absolutely no responsibility for what may have been represented by an independent company . ) as for lay ' s assertion of a chinese wall , well , how can there be a chinese wall within fastow ' s brain ? on oct . 24 , enron announced a fall guy - - fastow would take a " leave of absence . " at the very least the partnerships demonstrate horrific judgment by people other than just fastow . enron ' s board , for example , gave its okay . one document shows that ben glisan , enron ' s treasurer , was also on the partnership ' s investment team . ( enron says that document is a draft . ) perhaps the biggest concern is the true profitability of enron ' s core business , its energy trading operation . the heart of the enron story , the stuff that captivated wall street , was the company ' s transformation from a stodgy gas pipeline into a technology phenomenon that could make a market in anything , from electricity to broadband . it ' s impossible to know if enron has used the partnerships and off - balance - sheet vehicles to influence its reported earnings . enron also mingles profits from asset sales with its trading income - - and despite its pledges , in the most recent quarter the company provided less , not more , disclosure on that front . in addition there are questions about how aggressively enron books trading - related revenue . in fact , a knowledgeable source at a competitor says that enron recognizes its revenues at two to five times the rate of that company ' s . if energy trading is really such a fabulous business for enron , why does it need to play so many games ? as for ken lay , who was once thought to be in jack welch ' s league , he has accomplished the truly remarkable feat of destroying much of what was left of enron ' s credibility in just a few short months - - along with some of his own . some observers suspect that the problem is not that lay is avoiding questions , but that he doesn ' t know the answers . in either case , lay is a long way from keeping his promises . quote : despite promises from ceo ken lay , enron ' s financial disclosure is still far from sufficient . color photo copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . editor ' s desk rik kirkland / managing editor 11 / 12 / 2001 fortune magazine time inc . 5 ( copyright 2001 ) the chitlin strut is about to crank up again in salley , s . c . ( i ' m talking beauty pageant , fireworks , and 10 , 000 pounds of fried pig intestines - - you ' re there , right ? ) if not , there ' s plenty of other great stuff going on in november , as you ' ll learn by checking out our new fortune business calendar in the front of the current fortune advisor . written by reporter grainger david ( above ) , it ' s the wittiest , most delightful monthly guide anywhere . trust me on this . do not miss it ! otherwise , your colleagues will know when comdex starts , what connects cisco to guy fawkes day , and the date of the next beaver moon . and you ? you ' ll just be your usual chitlin - struttin ' , clueless , uninformed self . combine the intelligence and ferocious accuracy of a research scientist with the voice of a lyric poet and what do you get ? david stipp . david keeps fortune on the cutting edge of medicine , genomics , and a host of technologies . any boomer fretting about his growing inability to recall old friends ' names ( much less the date of the battle of hastings ) will be heartened by david ' s story on the drive to develop " a pill to help you remember . " and in his second piece in this issue , " the coming hydrogen economy , " david shows how improved wind power , fuel cells , and other innovations are reducing america ' s reliance on hydrocarbons faster than most of us realized . it makes you wonder why our political leaders aren ' t already debating how they can help accelerate this welcome shift and eventually free us from our dependence on middle eastern oil . my advice : send david ' s report to your representatives and the president . it may have been the call of the year . in our march 5 issue , senior writer bethany mclean asked , " is enron overpriced ? " yes , she argued . she was especially exercised about enron ' s opaque accounting and dubious rationalizations for its sky - high multiple . the stock was then at $ 75 , 13 of 18 analysts rated it a buy , and the company , which vigorously objected to bethany ' s piece , was still telling wall street it should be valued at $ 126 a share . eight months later , enron is trading around $ 15 , and that opaque accounting is a big part of its problem . see first for bethany ' s latest take on this ex - highflier . who is this guy ? i ' m not telling , because it would steal from the punch line of senior writer jerry useem ' s marvelous essay on leadership , " what it takes . " jerry ' s story isn ' t on our cover merely because the challenge of running a company - - or any group of people - - in a crisis has , since sept . 11 , become topic a for business folks . it ' s there because it ' s really good . reading it could lower the odds you ' ll end up like our sad little bearded dude . b / w photo : joanne chan b / w photo : richard e . schultz color photo : jane huntington b / w photo : brown brothers copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c s . e . c . opens investigation into enron by alex berenson 11 / 01 / 2001 the new york times page 4 , column 6 c . 2001 new york times company the securities and exchange commission has opened a formal investigation into transactions among the enron corporation and partnerships headed by andrew s . fastow , the company ' s former chief financial officer , enron said yesterday . the commission ' s move comes as enron struggles to reassure investors and its partners that its profits are real and that its cash position is strong . shares of enron , the world ' s largest trader of electricity and natural gas , have plunged 83 percent this year as investors question the company ' s complex and opaque accounting . shares of enron rose $ 2 . 74 yesterday , to $ 13 . 90 , ending a 10 - day string of losses . in addition , enron ' s board said yesterday that it had appointed a special committee to examine the transactions . the panel will be headed by william powers jr . , the dean of the university of texas law school , who was elected to enron ' s board yesterday . the committee has hired william r . mclucas , a former head of the division of enforcement at the s . e . c . , as its counsel . he is a partner in the law firm of wilmer , cutler & pickering in washington . enron disclosed 10 days ago that the commission had opened an informal inquiry into its transactions with mr . fastow . a formal investigation significantly increases the pressure on the company . john heine , a spokesman for the commission , said he could not comment on the s . e . c . ' s investigation of enron . but , speaking generally , mr . heine said the opening of a formal inquiry enabled the commission to subpoena documents and was used when s . e . c . staff members thought that the companies or executives were not responding voluntarily to their questions . if staff members ' ' run into situations where they feel they need information to look further and the sources for that information are not cooperative , the staff can go to the commission and recommend that the commission issue a formal order of investigation authorizing that the staff issue subpoenas , ' ' mr . heine said . when it disclosed the commission ' s informal inquiry on oct . 22 , enron promised to cooperate fully with the s . e . c . ' ' we welcome this request , ' ' kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chairman , said . a spokesman for enron did not return calls yesterday . enron began this year on an apparently unstoppable growth streak . but the company has suffered one setback after another . the company ' s efforts to become a profit - making water supplier and to create a new market in broadband communications capacity have been expensive failures . in august , jeffrey k . skilling resigned as chief executive , forcing mr . lay , his predecessor , to resume day - to - day control . enron ' s problems came to a head in mid - october , when it disclosed that its shareholders ' equity , a measure of the company ' s value , dropped $ 1 . 2 billion in the third quarter because of a deal with partnerships led by mr . fastow . because of complex accounting rules , the write - down was not apparent in enron ' s quarterly earnings report . news of the write - down disturbed investors because it suggested that enron might have found a way to hide losses , throwing the accuracy of its financial statements into question . last week , the company ousted mr . fastow , but it is now struggling to explain the transactions to its shareholders and bond - rating agencies . amid rumors that the company might face a cash squeeze , enron used a $ 3 . 3 billion line of credit last week and is seeking additional financing . still , some energy companies are shying away from making trades with enron that will take more than a few weeks to close . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron partnerships led by fastow face a formal sec investigation by john r . emshwiller and rebecca smith staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 01 / 2001 the wall street journal a 4 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) the securities and exchange commission elevated to a formal investigation its inquiry into enron corp . ' s financial dealings with partnerships headed by its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . enron disclosed the sec action late yesterday . as a matter of policy , the sec doesn ' t comment on what it is or isn ' t investigating . a formal investigation involves the sec ' s enforcement branch going to the five - member commission and obtaining formal subpoena power to pursue its inquiry . a person familiar with the sec probe said the agency felt it needed subpoena power to compel the release of information by parties that have done business with enron . enron last week disclosed that the sec had contacted the company as part of what it described as an informal inquiry into the fastow - related partnerships . at the time , enron said it welcomed the inquiry and that it would cooperate fully with the sec - - a position the company has restated repeatedly since . while a formal order of investigation doesn ' t indicate that the sec has decided that there is wrongdoing , it is a sign " of a decision to pursue the investigation , " said former sec enforcement attorney jacob frenkel . " it clearly is one level up " from an informal inquiry , he said . as part of its efforts to deal with the overall situation , enron also announced the appointment of university of texas law - school dean william powers to its board . mr . powers will head a four - member board committee to look into the fastow - related transactions and other matters . former sec enforcement chief william mclucas , who is now with the washington d . c . law firm of wilmer , cutler paulo ferraz pereira , executive vice president of the brazilian - owned investment bank group bozano and herbert s . winokur , jr . , chairman and chief executive of capricorn holdings , inc . enron chairman and chief executive kenneth lay has asked the committee to " take a fresh look at these transactions and take any appropriate action , " the company spokeswoman said . enron has consistently said its dealings with the fastow - connected partnerships were legal and properly disclosed to investors . according to enron filings with the sec , the company did deals involving billions of dollars of assets and enron stock with entities related to the fastow partnerships . internal partnership documents indicate that mr . fastow and possibly others made millions of dollars from the partnerships . mr . fastow , who was replaced as chief financial officer last week , has consistently declined to be interviewed . news of the sec investigation came at the end of what lately had been a rare up day for enron in the stock market . after plummeting for 10 straight trading sessions , enron shares rose by nearly 25 % . in 4 p . m . new york stock exchange composite trading , enron rose $ 2 . 74 to $ 13 . 90 a share and was once again the big board ' s most active issue , with about 43 . 8 million shares changing hands . a little more than two weeks ago , enron shares were above $ 33 each . about a year ago they were around $ 85 . analysts and other observers said the rebound was partly due to bargain - hunting as well as continued speculation about a possible takeover bid for houston - based enron , given its current severely depressed stock price . starting about two weeks ago , enron suffered a sharp loss in investor confidence following big third - quarter write - downs , partly related to the fastow partnerships , and the disclosure of the sec inquiry . enron officials argue that investors have been overreacting and say the company is fundamentally sound . they have promised to be more forthcoming about the company ' s extremely complex finances . investors need to know more about the company ' s potential liabilities , said a . g . edwards analyst michael heim . " until you know the worst - case scenario , it is hard to move forward , " he said . to improve its liquidity , enron is nearing completion of a new bank credit line of roughly $ 1 billion to be secured by gas - pipeline assets , say people familiar with the matter . the new line would supplement existing credit facilities , which were largely used up last week when enron drew down about $ 3 billion to help it weather the current crisis . - - - jathon sapsford and michael schroeder contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . broadband trading ' s prospects narrow fast by elliot spagat staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 01 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) create a market , and they will come ? last year , companies led by enron corp . envisioned a fast - growing , and very profitable , new market trading broadband capacity . as demand burgeoned for fiber - optic lines that carry internet and other data to offices and homes , they figured , people with too little or too much capacity would be eager to trade it - - much like soybeans , oil and electricity . but instead of a bustling market , it has pretty much been a bust , so far anyway . plummeting broadband prices , a dearth of creditworthy customers and now enron ' s financial woes have stalled the nascent market , and the costs are adding up . enron ' s broadband unit , for instance , had an $ 80 million operating loss in the third quarter on revenue of $ 4 million , down from revenue of $ 162 million a year earlier . the company also recorded a $ 180 million third - quarter charge to restructure its broadband unit , which included cutting 400 to 500 jobs and losses on the sale of inventory , and plans to close offices in london and singapore . enron handled just 405 trades in the third quarter , down from 759 in the second quarter . currently , the broadband market - - in which contracts to buy and sell capacity on fiber - optic networks are traded by brokers by telephone , rather than on the floor of a physical exchange - - records fewer than two dozen trades a day . many of the transactions take place between energy companies rather than between users and suppliers . that ' s less than what enron and others creating the new market , including dynegy corp . and el paso corp . , had expected . with characteristic bravado , they saw in telecommunications many of the same factors that drew them to gas and electricity : a newly deregulated market , plenty of inefficiency and what seemed to be insatiable demand for the fiber - optic lines to carry internet and other data . for example , if a big corporation needed to quickly expand its internal " intranet " service to send traffic among its various offices around the u . s . , it could in effect buy the capacity on the new market . after making hundreds of millions of dollars trading in natural gas and electricity , the companies were confident they could outmaneuver the giant telecom carriers , which never welcomed them , because the telecom companies wanted to control capacity rather than see it become a tradable commodity . " it ' s worked so well for us in gas , it ' s worked so well for us in power , " said stephen bergstrom , dynegy ' s president and chief operating officer . " there ' s a lot of differences , but there ' s also a lot of similarities . " the energy companies , nearly all of which are based in houston , saw the telecom industry as slow and secretive . telecom carriers typically spend six to nine months arranging multiyear deals to exchange network capacity or to serve major business customers . their contracts , which aren ' t disclosed publicly , often involve custom work - - for which they could charge premium prices . and if their service turns out to be unreliable , the buyer has little recourse . through trading of broadband capacity , enron in mid - 1999 saw the chance to offer telecom customers prices that were easy to understand and compare , because they would be based on standard contracts and instant delivery . penalties would be assessed when service faltered . contracts could change hands frequently and last for as little or as much time as the customers wanted . enron figured that time on fiber lines could be treated just like kilowatt hours of electricity . enron " kind of made it happen . the other energy players look like followers , " noted martin gray , vice president for trading and risk management at london ' s cable & wireless plc , one of the few telecom companies to take a serious interest in bandwidth trading . to back its efforts , enron erected an 18 , 000 - mile fiber network offering connections at blazing speed , and built 25 delivery points for companies to exchange bandwidth . it also relentlessly prodded carriers and large businesses to rethink the rules . but most telecom carriers never warmed to bandwidth trading . " houston is a bad word in their mind , " said jack blunt , senior vice president of finance at ratexchange corp . , a san francisco - based bandwidth broker that also operates a small electronic broadband - trading exchange . " the energy merchants are perceived as cutting in on their business and trying to create a commodities market . " efforts to create hubs , or points where service could be delivered , stumbled when other traders balked at how much information they would have to share if they used enron ' s sites . meanwhile , bandwidth prices were falling sharply , in part because telecom companies overbuilt their fiber - optic networks , and in part because demand , while growing , didn ' t grow as quickly as expected . as a result , customers were reluctant to buy contracts for fiber - optic capacity that would lock them into prices that might be much higher than rates they could get just a few months later . at the same time , upstart phone companies and internet service providers - - among the biggest potential clients for excess capacity traded on a broadband market - - were running into serious problems , reducing the number of creditworthy customers . el paso initially planned to invest $ 2 billion in its telecom business . a few months ago , it cut its projected investment to $ 1 . 5 billion . last week , the company said it would cut back " radically " and limit its focus to its existing network in texas and a delivery hub in chicago . " the clear line of sight to success has become very opaque , " said william wise , chief executive of the houston - based company . dynegy , which operates a 16 , 000 - mile fiber - optic network connecting 44 u . s . cities , reported a relatively moderate $ 15 million third - quarter loss in its telecom business . " we are not big on [ being ] first mover , " said mr . bergstrom . " we were second mover in gas , second mover in power , and we were second mover in telecom . " still , the houston crowd isn ' t giving up on the market . an enron spokeswoman said the company remains committed to telecom , but is reviewing costs . the company remains a chief cheerleader in trying to develop hubs and set standards . dynegy is " comfortable " with its current position , a spokeswoman said . chuck watson , its chief executive , said demand has picked up sharply since sept . 12 as companies have conducted more business by phone . he expects demand to grow substantially next year . but executives at several companies acknowledge that it may take months , if not years , to create an active trading market . if enron retreats further , the biggest winners would be the giant telecom carriers that considered enron a threat to their decades - old ways of doing business , analysts say . " all eyes are on enron , " said seth libby , an analyst at the yankee group research firm in boston . " when they came into this market , they were the catalyst , and they still are the catalyst to create bandwidth as a commodity . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . before the bell : microsoft up off possible antitrust deal by shaheen pasha of dow jones newswires 11 / 01 / 2001 dow jones commodities service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 2312 ; shaheen . pasha @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies nov 1 , 2001 by julie earle , matthew jones and sheila mcnulty with enron ' s share price hovering around its low for the year , the question of whether this is the right time to buy into the us ' s biggest energy trader is not only being asked by small - time investors but also by potential acquirers . as of the market close on tuesday , enron ' s stock was down 67 per cent from october 16 , when the company disclosed a surprise dollars 1 . 2 bn charge against shareholders ' equity that has provoked a crisis of confidence in the company . the selling has hacked dollars 17 bn off enron ' s market value in two weeks . " the situation is one where enron is likely to survive , but it is hard to analyse because we don ' t have all the information yet , " says john olson , vice - president of research at sanders morris harris , an investment banking firm . " with the stock being crunched so badly , only people with a high appetite for risk should buy . " that goes for acquirers as well , analysts say . the sec is conducting an unofficial enquiry into enron ' s financial dealings . andrew fastow , enron chief financial officer , has been replaced . shareholders have subsequently filed a series of lawsuits against enron . and not only has one of the main rating agencies downgraded enron ' s long - term debt , but the other two are reviewing it for potential downgrade . other outstanding issues include how much enron will get from the dollars 4 . 5 bn in asset sales it has been planning , including its dabhol power project in india , where enron and its foreign partners want to retrieve their dollars lbn in costs spent building the now - defunct plant . analysts warn there may be more losses to come at the company ' s poorly performing broadband division , where enron has warned it sees no immediate prospect of recovery , despite recent comments by dynegy , its rival , that the broadband market is improving . and there are worries enron may have to take extra charges on its other off - balance - sheet vehicles . kenneth lay , chief executive , has said the company is watching closely its operations in india , broadband and california , where enron is one of several energy traders facing questions over accusations of a manipulation of power prices - which it denies . but if enron had other impaired assets , it would have announced them , he added . the potential risks make it more likely , analysts say , that acquirers would rather buy one or more of enron ' s business units than the whole business . mr olson says enron ' s trading , outsourcing and pipeline businesses are all good growth businesses . the trading business , which has been growing 31 per cent a year , has been making a 23 per cent return on equity , he says . energy outsourcing , growing at 50 per cent a year , has roe of 62 per cent , and roe at pipelines , where growth has been 7 - 8 per cent a year , has been 24 per cent . at midday yesterday , enron ' s shares were trading at dollars 12 . 64 , up 13 . 26 per cent . " the valuations are compelling , " says andre meade of commerzbank securities . enron is the number - one marketer of natural gas and power in north america . mr meade says enron is the best platform to get into these two big businesses . banking sources in london say royal dutch / shell and bp have considered buying enron but have backed off because of concerns about a culture clash and the level of enron ' s debts . banks have approached enel , the italian power utility , about acquiring enron , but it is understood to have rejected the idea . eon , the german utility group , was also named as a potential european buyer , but analysts say the regulatory hurdles may be too high because it is still in the process of gaining approvals for its purchase of powergen , the uk electricity group with interests in the us . " at this price a number of large utilities and oil groups will be looking at enron but the business is imploding so quickly that it ' s a real risk , " says one banker . additional reporting by fred kapner executives campaign round the rating agencies executives from enron , the embattled energy trading company , was visiting new york rating agencies yesterday as part of a campaign to defend the company ' s investment - grade rating , write sheila mcnulty in houston and robert clow in new york . the team , led by greg whaley , enron ' s president and chief operating officer , was to meet separately with moody ' s investors service , standard & poor ' s and fitch . moody ' s this week downgraded its long - term debt , citing deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility over the past two weeks . at the same time as the company was launching the charm offensive it was putting the finishing touches to a financing deal . enron said over the weekend that it was searching for sources of liquidity to bolster its financial position . in spite of its troubles , enron ' s energy trading business has continued to thrive . but that might no longer be the case if the company was downgraded below investment grade . then enron ' s trading counterparties might increase the amount of collateral they demand from enron , putting pressure on margins . " our concern is that a reduction in the debt rating could impair their ability to operate their trading and marketing operations , " said raymond niles of salomon smith barney . even after the moody ' s downgrade , enron ' s long - term debt is still rated a few notches above junk by all rating agencies . fitch , however , has put enron on review for possible downgrade and standard & poor ' s has changed enron ' s credit outlook to negative from stable . copyright : the financial times limited commodities nov 1 , 2001 by mary chung the us department of energy said yesterday it would take over a closely watched weekly survey on natural gas from an industry trade group that has been publishing the data for the past seven years . the report will be picked up by the energy information administration ( eia ) , the department ' s statistical division , after the american gas association ( aga ) , which represents us natural gas producers and utilities , said it would discontinue publication of its gas storage estimates at the end of the year . spencer abraham , us energy secretary , said in a statement : " i believe it is important the department of energy continue the reporting responsibility for this vital resource . " the aga ' s decision to stop providing the data follows allegations of manipulation by some traders in the natural gas market over revisions in the survey . " there was a flap over revisions in the numbers . that did cause us to re - examine the whole storage survey process , " said daphne magnuson , an aga spokesperson . the weekly data are used by many in the trading community to buy and sell natural gas futures contracts , so any advance knowledge of storage volume revisions can give participants an unfair trading advantage . several complaints were filed by traders to the commodity futures trading commission , the us regulatory agency , about discrepancies in the survey ' s data . a cftc spokesperson said the commission acknowledged the " exchange of information with the aga , which is still under review " but it would neither confirm nor deny the existence of any investigation . the natural gas market is a dollars 90 bn a year industry , representing 189 producers and local utilities including duke energy , enron and el paso . copyright : the financial times limited world stock markets : wall st falters after modest morning revival financial times ; nov 1 , 2001 by mary chung us equities ended mixed yesterday as technology stocks edged higher , while blue chips lost their momentum after investors digested better - than - expected third - quarter gross domestic products data . the dow jones industrial average closed down 46 . 84 at 9 , 075 . 14 after an early rally evaporated . the s & p 500 index dipped 0 . 01 at 1 , 059 . 78 . the nasdaq composite rose 22 . 79 at 1 , 690 . 20 . after two sessions of heavy losses , investors breathed a sigh of relief after gdp figures showing the us economy had shrunk for the first time in eight years this quarter - edging closer to a recession - were not nearly as bad as wall street had expected . leading the dow lower was eastman kodak , down 8 per cent at dollars 25 . 57 , after moody ' s investors service downgraded the company ' s long - term rating . other dow components including microsoft and ibm reversed early gains and lost 1 . 2 per cent and 0 . 5 per cent respectively . intel , the world ' s biggest chipmaker , however , rose 3 . 7 per cent to dollars 24 . 42 following positive comments from the company about long - term growth . sun microsystems led the nasdaq in volume , up 6 . 4 per cent at dollars 10 . 15 after the company said orders were tracking higher than they were at the same time last year . juniper slipped 3 per cent at dollars 22 . 29 , still suffering from a downgrade by merrill lynch . cisco system gained 2 per cent at dollars 16 . 92 and dell gained 3 per cent at dollars 23 . 98 after the company said it was on target to meet third - quarter revenue estimates . qwest communications , however , fell 19 per cent at dollars 12 . 95 after reporting quarterly earnings that failed to match expectations . nextcard was the biggest decliner on the nasdaq , down 84 per cent at 87 cents after the online credit card provider ' s management said it was looking to sell the company to a larger financial institution . adobe systems dropped 8 per cent at dollars 26 . 40 after the maker of desktop publishing software warned of weaker fourth - quarter results , and said it would cut 5 per cent of its workforce . enron , the embattled energy trading company , rebounded 24 . 5 per cent to dollars 13 . 90 . other bright spots included the retail sector as dow components wal - mart and home depot gained 1 . 6 per cent and 1 . 7 per cent respectively . toronto ended higher , led by gains in technology , bank , and oil and gas stocks after the us economy contracted less than expected . the s & p 300 composite index rose 60 . 29 to 6 , 885 . 70 . nortel networks closed up 9 cents at cdollars 9 . 25 and celestica gained cdollars 2 . 90 to cdollars 54 . 90 , but research in motion fell 16 cents to cdollars 25 . 94 . aerospace manufacturer bombardier ended days of losses with a 16 cents gain to cdollars 10 . 20 . copyright : the financial times limited nov . 1 , 2001 , 12 : 06 am houston chronicle what went wrong with enron ? since its stock hit a zenith in january , the company has been in a downward spiral by laura goldberg and michael davis copyright 2001 houston chronicle for enron corp . , it ' s a long , long way back to late january , when houston ' s biggest company was flying high . jeff skilling , who played a central role in transforming enron from a pipeline company to a trader of everything from electricity to paper to the weather , was days away from taking over from ken lay as chief executive officer . the stock had acquired a high - tech gloss , as the world ' s largest energy trader had moved aggressively into the broadband business , where it hoped to profit from buying and selling space on high - speed data wires . today , the snapshot could scarcely be more different . enron ' s shares , which hit a closing high for the year of $ 82 in late january , have been trending downward since mid - february . they hit a nine - year closing low tuesday of $ 11 . 16 . skilling is gone , enron ' s credibility on wall street is in shambles , its broadband unit has been significantly scaled back , and there ' s speculation the company could be a takeover target . the securities and exchange commission is digging into business deals between enron and investment partnerships formerly run by its ousted chief financial officer . enron , which last week disclosed the sec had begun an informal inquiry into its affairs , said wednesday it ' s under formal investigation . the financial hits enron revealed earlier this month , related to the investment partnerships known as ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , quickly triggered an expanding round of unanswered questions about enron ' s balance sheet and overall financial stability . a sharp decline in the stock price followed . investors and analysts , who are irked because they believe enron won ' t explain its complicated affairs , are painting their own worst - case scenarios . if enron doesn ' t move to calm investor fears , they could become a self - fulfilling prophecy , jeff dietert , an analyst with simmons could be sold off in pieces ; or is a bankruptcy candidate . analysts believe bankruptcy is unlikely . while enron may make an attractive acquisition target , a buyout offer is unlikely until the sec inquiry is resolved , they said . shares in enron closed up $ 2 . 74 to $ 13 . 90 wednesday , likely on takeover speculation and because it had been trading at such a cheap price . another possible outcome , said anatol feygin , an analyst with j . p . morgan securities in new york , would be another large player taking a minority stake as a strategic investment in enron , providing liquidity to shore up its balance sheet . at the moment , wall street is inclined to give lay some time to fix the problems . " as time goes on in this crisis , the likelihood of ken lay emerging unscathed gets lower and lower , " said feygin . nov . 1 , 2001 houston chronicle formal upgrade of enron investigation gives subpoena power to sec by tom fowler copyright 2001 houston chronicle federal regulators have upgraded their inquiry of questionable financial transactions at enron corp . into a formal investigation , giving officials the power to subpoena witnesses and documents . enron disclosed the move by the securities and exchange commission late wednesday , saying it involved some , if not all , of the off - balance sheet financing partnerships the company has been criticized for in recent weeks . the primary difference between the informal inquiry the sec started more than a week ago and a formal investigation is the power it gives regulators to force companies to submit information . changing an inquiry into an investigation is relatively easy for regulators to do , legal sources say . the officials simply ask the five - member commission for subpoena powers , a request that is rarely turned down . the sec doesn ' t comment on investigations as a matter of policy , so it ' s not immediately clear why the extra steps were taken . enron officials say they have cooperated fully with the sec , but since the investigation most likely covers transactions involving companies other than enron , it ' s possible subpoenas may be needed to gain information from those entities . " there ' s no request from the sec that we have failed to comply with , " enron spokeswoman karen denne said . " we ' ve cooperated voluntarily from the very beginning . " enron ' s board of directors also formed a special committee to investigate the transactions earlier this week and on wednesday named william powers , dean of the university of texas school of law in austin , to its board of directors to lead the special committee . the committee will serve as a primary contact between the company and the sec and will concurrently make its own detailed investigation . if needed , the committee has the power to take disciplinary action against any enron employee , officer or director who it determines " improperly participated in the transactions , " denne said . powers , a career academic , is known for his studies in product liability . he will be joined on the committee by board members frank savage , chief executive of savage holdings ; paulo ferraz pereira , executive vice president of brazilian - owned investment bank group bozano ; and herbert winokur jr . , chairman and chief executive of capricorn holdings . the committee has named william mclucas , the former director of the sec division of enforcement - - the group investigating enron - - as counsel . mclucas ' washington - based law firm , wilmer , cutler & pickering , retained deloitte & touche to provide independent accounting advice . the sec inquiry began shortly after oct . 16 , when steep losses in enron ' s third - quarter earnings drew renewed attention to a pair of investment partnerships created by then - chief financial officer andrew fastow . the partnerships , referred to as a form of off - balance sheet financing , were formed using enron equity and outside capital as a way to hedge against the risks involved in some of the company ' s new lines of business , such as internet broadband trading . fastow ' s dual roles as enron cfo and managing director of the entities were a cause for concern for wall street , which pressured fastow to cut ties with the outside partnerships in june . the company said it was careful to ensure that the interests of enron and its shareholders were protected , but when the partnerships accounted for significant losses for enron and a $ 1 . 2 billion loss in equity value , analysts began to demand more details . last week the company replaced fastow and began providing a few more details about its finances in order to maintain investor and client confidence . the company has declined to give out further information on the partnerships , however , because of the ongoing sec investigation . enron tapped a $ 3 . 3 billion line of revolving credit last week , putting about $ 1 . 1 billion in the bank to ensure it has cash on hand and using the balance to repurchase short - term debtinstruments . the company is expected to announce today or friday that it has lined up another $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in credit from banks . financial enron discloses sec probe 11 / 01 / 2001 the washington post final eo 2 copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved enron said the securities and exchange commission has opened a formal investigation into apparent conflicts of interest in dealings the company had with partnerships led by the company ' s former chief financial officer . the company also said it created a special committee headed by university of texas law school dean william powers to respond to the investigation . the committee has hired as counsel william r . mclucas , a former sec enforcement chief who is now a partner in the law firm wilmer , cutler & pickering . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron corp . cut to near - term ` neutral ' at merrill 2001 - 11 - 01 07 : 43 ( new york ) princeton , new jersey , nov . 1 ( bloomberg data ) - - enron corp . ( ene us ) was downgraded to near - term ` ` neutral ' ' from near - term ` ` accumulate ' ' by analyst donato j . eassey at merrill lynch . the long - term rating was cut to ` ` neutral ' ' from ` ` buy . ' ' - - michael o . donohue in princeton , new jersey , ( + 1 ) 609 - 279 - 3756 . sec opens formal investigation into enron , company says by juan a . lozano associated press writer 11 / 01 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - the financial roller coaster ride for enron corp . is gaining speed . after dropping to a nine - year low a day before , shares of the nation ' s largest natural gas and power marketer rose 25 percent on wednesday to close at $ 13 . 90 amid speculation the houston - based company was a strong takeover candidate . but shares then fell 5 percent in extended trading after the company ' s announcement that the securities and exchange commission has opened a formal investigation into apparent conflicts of interest in dealings the company had with partnerships led by its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . the company , in a news release late wednesday , said it created a special committee headed by university of texas law school dean william powers to respond to the investigation . powers also was elected to enron ' s board of directors . " i have asked the board to take this action to address fully and forthrightly investors ' questions and concerns , " said enron chairman and chief executive kenneth l . lay . " we will also make every appropriate public disclosure during the course of the sec ' s investigation . " however , duane grubert , an analyst with sanford c . bernstein and co . in new york , said enron still has much to do to restore investor confidence . " with ( stock ) values this low , you ' ve got two camps of investors : guys that hate enron and guys that want to be cautiously attracted to enron , " grubert said . " it ' s lead to the trading range being irrationally low and shares being oversold . it ' s not something the company wants . " enron ' s stock is off 60 percent since the company reported a $ 638 million third quarter loss just over two weeks ago , dragged down by a one - time charge of $ 1 . 01 billion attributed to various losses . some of these losses have been tied to partnerships managed by fastow , who was ousted last week . earlier this week , moody ' s investors service downgraded the company ' s long - term debt and warned of possible further downgrades . since reporting its disappointing third quarter losses , enron has been negotiating with banks to establish new credit lines . carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities inc . in houston , said wednesday ' s stock price surge , after two weeks of selling , was likely a reaction to a the wall street journal report on rumors of a possible takeover of enron . others may be buying figuring the stock has hit bottom , she said . on tuesday , enron ' s stock closed at $ 11 . 16 , its lowest level since 1992 . potential buyers include general electric ' s ge capital unit , warren buffett ' s berkshire hathaway and royal dutch shell , the journal said . grubert said shell , which has a small presence in energy marketing , would be a good fit . " to buy into an established franchise must be attractive to shell , " he said . the special committee enron formed has retained william r . mclucas , a partner in the law firm of wilmer , cutler & pickering , as its counsel . mclucas is a former head of the division of enforcement of the sec . while enron ' s stock price has made it attractive , coale said the energy marketer ' s problems present a substantial drawback . " i would fault a company for acquiring enron with all of this hanging over it , " she said . " there are too many uncertainties . " - - - on the net : http : / / www . enron . com ap photo xnyr 310 of oct . 29 copyright ? 2000 dow jones n 3 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) enron corp . , in a sign of mounting legal problems , said wednesday that an informal inquiry by the securities and exchange commission had become a full - scale probe of questionable financial dealings that have rocked the company in recent weeks and sent its stock plummeting to a nine - year low . the nation ' s largest energy trader , scrambling to head off another shock to its damaged credibility , said it elected university of texas law school dean william powers to its board of directors and that he would head an internal inquiry into transactions that caused enron to take a $ 1 billion charge to third - quarter earnings and name a new chief financial officer . the company said oct . 22 that the sec was looking into its finances , but stressed that the agency had only requested information . the disclosure that it was now a full - blown , formal investigation may indicate that regulators did not like what they saw . before the announcement , which came after the stock market closed wednesday , shares of enron jumped nearly 25 percent amid speculation the company was ripe for takeover . enron stock rose $ 2 . 74 , to $ 13 . 90 , to end a 10 - day tailspin that saw its market value fall by $ 17 billion . investors had been dumping enron shares following disclosures that the company did off - the - balance - sheet transactions with two limited partnerships run by former cfo andrew fastow , who was replaced last week . concern about possible conflicts of interest arising from the deals and the company ' s failure to explain them had dropped stock levels to levels not seen since the early 1990 s , caused a downgrade in credit status and brought the sec in . an sec spokesman would not comment on the matter . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . exchanges add otc products as option to enron . 11 / 01 / 2001 the oil daily ( c ) 2001 energy intelligence group . all rights reserved . trading exchanges on both sides of the atlantic ocean have added new clearing and trading products and services for the over - the - counter ( otc ) natural gas market in the us and both gas and power markets in the uk . though both the new york mercantile exchange ( nymex ) and om london exchange , owner and operator of the uk power exchange , said their actions were in response to a market need , the exchanges clearly are stepping up to fill a role us energy trading giant enron has handled for otc customers . enron ' s liquidity problems and stock - price collapse have prompted other gas and power buyers and sellers to seek an alternative provider . " recent events in the natural gas market have served to reinforce the necessity of counterparty credit risk management and have accelerated the exchange ' s plans to introduce a full array of risk management tools under the umbrella of our clearinghouse , " said nymex president j . robert collins jr . om london will partner with spectron group , europe ' s largest independent specialist energy broker of physical otc gas and power contracts , to provide a clearing service for uk customers in the first quarter of 2002 . the companies also expect to extend the service to include continental european power contracts in the near future . the nymex plan will include introduction of exchange of futures for swap ( efs ) transactions and large - order execution , along with the previously announced electronic trading of cleared natural gas swaps and basis contracts . efs transactions will work similarly to exchange of futures for physical transactions . two parties will be allowed to negotiate privately the execution of an integrated over - the - counter swaps and related futures transaction on pricing terms agreed upon by both . the transaction must involve equal but opposite sides of market quantities of futures and swap exposures in the same or related commodities and will be permitted until two hours after trading terminates in the underlying futures contract . efs transactions will be permitted to liquidate , initiate , and transfer futures market positions between the two parties . nymex said it would introduce a cleared henry hub natural gas swaps contract early next year . as part of this , the exchange will clear otc - cleared transactions through its efs mechanism . in other enron news , company executives on wednesday continued to negotiate new lines of credit . the gas - and - power - trading giant is looking for another $ 1 billion - $ 2 billion to get through a liquidity crunch brought on by the collapse in its market value . industry sources told oil daily that enron is trying to work out a debt - for - equity swap from at least one major investor , possibly general electric capital . the goal is to complete the arrangement by the end of the week . continuing speculation of a pending takeover bid - with rumors that warren buffet ' s berkshire hathaway and super major royal dutch / shell may be interested at some level - helped push up the company ' s stock for the first time in more than two weeks . enron closed at $ 12 . xx , up $ 1 . xx . barbara shook , ronan kavanagh . ( c ) copyright 2001 . the oil daily co . for more infomation , call 800 - 999 - 2718 ( in u . s . ) or 202 - 662 - 0700 ( outside u . s . ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : bank meeting on enron indian unit postponed - source . 11 / 01 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . bombay , nov 1 ( reuters ) - lenders to an indian power plant majority owned by u . s . energy giant enron corp have postponed a meeting to discuss ways of reviving the $ 2 . 9 billion project , a banking source said on thursday . the first phase of the controversial 2 , 184 mw plant , india ' s largest foreign direct investment , has been completed , but work on the second phase was abruptly stopped in june following a bitter dispute between enron and the plant ' s sole buyer , a loss - making indian utility . the source said foreign banks could not attend the meeting , planned for this weekend in london . a new date has not yet been fixed , the source from an indian lending institution added . the meeting of lenders , which includes citibank ( c . and bank of america corp , was also called to consider two offers from indian companies to buy out enron ' s 65 percent stake in its indian subsidiary , dabhol power co . the banker added that the lenders were also examining an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission ( sec ) into enron ' s finances , but declined to comment on what impact it might have on the selling of enron ' s stake in dabhol . bses ltd and india ' s largest private utility , tata power ltd , have separately made offers to buy enron ' s stake . dabhol ' s other shareholders are general electric co and u . s . contractor bechtel , which own 10 percent each . the maharashtra state electricity board , a local utility which has been at odds with dabhol , owns the remaining 15 percent . maharashtra agreed in 1995 to buy the plant ' s entire output , but later said it could not because dabhol ' s power was too costly . dabhol , in turn , accused the utility of defaulting on its monthly payments , and served a preliminary notice to terminate the power purchase contract , which covers the terms of sale . enron , the largest u . s . energy trader , said on wednesday an informal enquiry by the sec had become a full - scale investigation of questionable financial dealings that have rocked the company in recent weeks . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . bg extends talks with ongc , reliance over gas fields ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 01 04 : 25 ( new york ) bg extends talks with ongc , reliance over gas fields ( updatel ) ( adds background to deal in second , fifth - seventh paragraphs , analyst comment in third , enron ' s financial status in fourth . ) london , nov . 1 ( bloomberg ) - - bg group plc said it has yet to reach an agreement with reliance industries ltd . and ongc ltd . in their natural gas ventures in india , an accord central to completing the $ 388 million bid for enron corp . ' s stake in the projects . bg has said the offer for enron ' s 30 percent of the projects is contingent on winning the right to oversee the developments . reliance , india ' s biggest private company , on oct . 10 said it claimed the right to run the projects . ongc has also sought to become operator of the fields . ` ` it ' s going to take a long time , ' ' said jon rigby , an analyst at bnp paribas . ` ` for bg , it ' s a deal worth pursuing , but if the indian companies are determined to take the operatorship , then there ' s not a great deal bg can do about it . ' ' enron , the world ' s largest energy trader , needs the funds from the sale of the indian assets to boost its standing with investors after moody ' s investors service on tuesday placed its rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade and lowered its long - term debt to two notches above junk status . enron shares fell to a nine - year low . the purchase of enron ' s assets would gave bg a 30 percent stake in the tapti and panna - mukta oil and gas fields , as well as 63 percent of an untapped deposit on the west coast of india . the fields hold more than 170 million barrels of oil and gas , equivalent to more than two days of global oil demand . ` ` we will continue our discussions over the coming weeks and make an announcement in due course , ' ' bg group spokeswoman nicole mcmahon said in an interview , without elaborating . india ' s gas production fell 11 percent between 1997 and 1999 because oil & natural gas corp . , the state explorer , made no significant discoveries in 15 years . insufficient supplies of gas have hurt growth in the country ' s fertilizer and chemicals industries and hampered upgrading of its power plants , still mostly coal - fed . the government expects a gas deficit to triple in the next six years unless new wells are drilled or existing fields expand sales . - - stuart wallace in the london newsroom ( 44 - 20 7673 - 2388 ) indian financial institutions fail to resolve dabhol power issue 11 / 01 / 2001 asia pulse ( c ) copyright 2001 asia pulse pte ltd . new delhi , nov 1 asia pulse - financial institutions led by the industrial development bank of india ( idbi ) have failed to come up with a solution to the long payment dispute with united states energy company enron that has forced the closing of the us $ 2 . 9 billion dabhol power project . top officials of idbi and icici met officials in the finance and power ministries here today but failed to come up with an " optimum " solution . " we discussed enron . the discussions are continuing and we are examining various options , " idbi chairman p p vora told reporters after meeting power secretary a k basu . he said the fis , which have a total exposure of over rs 62 billion in the project , wanted to come up with a optimum solution but declined to give a time frame for it . earlier in the day , vora met finance minister yashwant sinha to apprise him about the situation . fis had decided to come up with a solution by oct 31 for the second phase of the 2 , 184 mw dabhol power company ( dpc ) . a settlement of the enron imbroglio , being played out since early this year , assumes importance in view of prime minister atal bihari vajpayee ' s forthcoming visit to washington where he is likely to have wide ranging discussions with us president george bush . enron was the biggest donor to bush ' s presidential electoral campaign . so far , tata power and bses ltd . were in the fray for buying enron ' s stake in dpc . although the companies showed reluctance to buy enron ' s stake at the price spelled out by the us power giant , vora said the two companies are still in the fray . ( pti ) 01 - 11 1900 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . indian lenders , enron officials discuss dabhol crisis our economy bureau new delhi 11 / 01 / 2001 business standard 2 copyright ( c ) business standard negotiations are in full swing to resolve the dabhol tangle . indian institutions led by idbi today held hectic parleys with top enron executives , prospective buyers tata power and bses ltd , in consultation with senior power ministry officials . officials told business standard that idbi chairman p p vora and power secretary a k basu discussed the proposal chalked out by the indian lenders . they also held separate closed - door meetings with bses chairman and managing director r v shahi and tata power vice - president amulya charan . officials said certain key issues like purchase of power by other states are yet to be resolved . they added that tata power and bses have conveyed their unwillingness to the indian lenders to negotiate with the state electricity boards on sale of electricity . vora termed today ' s meeting " routine " . he also met finance minister yashwant sinha later in the day . k wade cline , ceo , dpc , who was also present in the meeting today , declined to comment on the progress and said negotiations were underway . " we are looking at various options , " he said . meanwhile , sources said that the indian lenders , after negotiations with tata power and bses , were of the opinion that the value of enron ' s equity was $ 799 million . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . us utilities are slow to make life harder for enron by anne brady of dow jones newswires 10 / 31 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 602 - 258 - 2003 ; anne . brady @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron says sec inquiry now a formal investigation ( update 4 ) 2001 - 10 - 31 21 : 18 ( new york ) enron says sec inquiry now a formal investigation ( update 4 ) ( updates with more on mclucas in last paragraph . ) houston , oct . 31 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader , said the securities and exchange commission opened a formal investigation into dealings with partnerships run by its former chief financial officer . the company ' s board appointed william powers jr . , dean of the university of texas law school , to chair a committee that will work with the sec during the investigation , which began as an informal inquiry last week . powers was also appointed to enron ' s board . william mclucas , former head of the sec ' s enforcement division , was hired as the committee ' s lawyer . the sec is investigating partnerships run by former cfo andrew fastow that bought and sold enron shares and assets . the company ' s shares plunged 49 percent in october , in part because chief executive officer kenneth lay said earlier this month that buying back 62 million shares from a fastow partnership cost enron shareholders $ 1 . 2 billion in lost equity . the formation of a special committee is a ` ` reflection that they recognize something has to be done , ' ' said a . g . edwards analyst mike heim , who rates enron ` ` hold ' ' and owns no shares . enron ' s suspect finances prevent it from borrowing in the commercial paper market , where most large corporations go to find low - interest , short - term debt . enron wants to borrow $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors , the wall street journal reported earlier this week . the company still is negotiating the loans , spokeswoman karen denne said tonight . fired cfo the sec began an informal inquiry from its fort worth , texas office last week and moved it to the commission ' s washington headquarters yesterday . ` ` we haven ' t seen the formal order yet , but it ' s my understanding that the issues which were the subjects of the informal inquiry are the issues that are part of this formal investigation , ' ' denne said . sec regulators called enron yesterday to say they were going to start a formal investigation , denne said . enron delayed announcing the move until powers confirmed he would become chairman of the special committee , she said . the announcement came after the close of stock trading today . the company ' s share rose $ 2 . 74 , or 25 percent , to $ 13 . 90 during regular trading on television reports that the company was near to getting a new series of bank loans . the company ' s shares fell as low as $ 13 in after - hours trading tonight . authorized to discipline the special committee has the authority to discipline directors or employees , denne said , and will be reviewing transactions like the fastow partnerships . lay removed fastow as cfo and put him on leave of absence on oct . 24 , the day after the company said the sec was asking questions about the partnerships . a company is more likely to be charged with wrongdoing by the sec after a formal investigation than after an informal inquiry , former sec enforcement director richard h . walker said . the agency can subpoena bank , telephone and corporate records , as well as compel witnesses to testify . walker , who left the sec in august , said the swiftness with which the sec upgraded it to a formal investigation is striking . ` ` it sends a signal that this is a high - priority , ' ' said walker , who starts tomorrow as legal counsel to deutsche bank ag . the sec ' s decision follows months of investor demands that enron provide clearer financial reporting . lay promised more information about enron ' s complex transactions and earnings when he took over for jeff skilling , who resigned unexpectedly as chief executive officer in august after seven months on the job . failed investments after lay ' s promises , investors and analysts said they were caught off guard when enron reported a third - quarter loss of $ 618 million after writing off $ 1 . 01 billion in failed investments . of that , the company had $ 35 million in losses from dealings with ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , two fastow - run partnerships . securing new bank loans became necessary after credit - rating companies said that enron was not providing enough detail about potential liabilities . moody ' s investors service downgraded enron ' s long - term debt this week , though it kept the company above investment grade . fitch has enron on watch for possible downgrade , and standard & poor ' s lowered enron ' s long - term credit outlook to negative . falling below investment grade would trigger agreements that would force enron to repay bonds sold by affiliated companies such as the ones created by fastow . enron has estimated its potential liability from such partnerships at about $ 3 billion . a lower credit rating also reduces the amount of cash that enron can raise to back its electricity , natural - gas and commodities trading operations . american electric power co . and exelon corp . officials said they lowered trading limits with the houston - based company or restricted their commerce to short - term deals concluding in november or december . off the books enron set up the fastow partnerships and other affiliated companies to buy enron power plants and other assets . by selling to the partnerships , which issued their own bonds , enron was able to get immediate cash rather than wait for an outside buyer , as well as move debt off its books . if affiliates can ' t generate enough money from the sale of assets , enron has agreed to make up the difference . enron also must buy out some investors if its stock and credit rating fall too low . three partnerships - - whitewing , osprey and marlin - - have about $ 3 . 3 billion in debt they plan to repay by selling power plants and related assets . mclucas is a partner in the law firm wilmer , cutler & pickering . he was director of the sec ' s division of enforcement for eight years , and he oversaw the $ 600 million fraud settlement with former junk - bond trader michael milken in 1990 . powers , 55 , became dean of the university of texas school of law in austin last year . american lawyer reported in may 2000 that powers had friends in texas politics that included then - lieutenant governor rick perry , who became governor when george w . bush became president , and texas supreme court chief justice tom phillips . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at ( 609 ) 750 - 4651 smartmoney . com : the data mine : come sales away by christopher o ' connor 10 / 31 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) of smartmoney . com we hear a lot about the importance of reliable earnings numbers , especially when the stock market is rocky . but earnings aren ' t always the best gauge of a company ' s performance . how ' s that ? when business is sagging , some companies are tempted to massage their earnings - per - share numbers to make it look as if things are better than they really are . usually , cost - cutting is the favorite technique - and there ' s certainly nothing wrong with that . but sometimes , desperate companies shunt unpleasant items aside under the rubric of special one - time charges , or point to murky " pro forma " results that don ' t include major liabilities . for proof of the potential unreliability of earnings numbers , take a look at what ' s going on at enron ( ene ) these days . in cases like this , the vaunted price / earnings ratio isn ' t always the best way to evaluate a stock . sales , on the other hand , rarely lie . companies can ' t do much tinkering with their revenue figures without raising eyebrows over at the securities and exchange commission . ( it is , after all , the top line on the earnings statement . ) if you want the straight scoop on a company ' s performance , revenues can sometimes be the best place to look . with that in mind , we turned to the price / sales ratio for this week ' s data mine . our basic premise was simple : a stock that trades at , say , 0 . 5 times revenues is cheaper than a stock that trades at 17 times revenues - and is thus more worthy of your attention . we also looked for companies whose p / s ratios are in the bottom half of their industry , where the real undervalued gems usually reside . and to make sure we didn ' t uncover total dogs , we insisted that our companies actually have earnings ( most dot - coms need not apply ) , that those earnings have grown over the past three years and that their stock prices have increased during the last year . ( you can access this recipe using our new screening tool . ) after all that , our universe of 7 , 498 stocks was winnowed down to just 38 . texaco also appeared , but since it recently merged with chevron to form chevrontexaco ( chv ) , we removed it . of these , 10 were electric and / or natural - gas utilities . in general , the outlook for that sector is wobbly . industrial demand for wholesale power remains weak , thanks to the slumping economy - meaning prices continue to slip from their recent highs . but the companies in the screen that have reported third - quarter earnings have shown steady revenue growth and solid earnings performance during this nasty economic slide . the utility with the smallest p / s ratio here ( 0 . 3 ) is wps resources ( wps ) , which serves customers in wisconsin and michigan . it reported third - quarter earnings of 76 cents a share on oct . 18 , beating the street by 14 cents . other notable utilities here include sempra energy ( sre ) and txu ( txu ) , two huge energy providers ( sempra primarily in southern california , txu mainly in texas ) that analysts believe may benefit from enron ' s recent problems . each has extended its presence in the energy - trading field enron pioneered and could pick up business in the u . s . and europe as a result . for more information and analysis of companies and mutual funds , visit smartmoney . com at http : / / www . smartmoney . com / . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron trusts may prove troublesome if ratings cut . by dan wilchins 10 / 31 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 31 ( reuters ) - enron corp . thought it was making the right move in 1998 when it started yanking billions of dollars in assets off its balance sheet , but the transactions may come back to haunt the energy trading giant . if enron ' s credit rating falls to below investment grade , it could be forced to sell more stock . but paradoxically , one of the most likely reasons it would be downgraded is because of a long - term inability to sell stock in any form at a viable price . that would mean the largest trader of gas and power in north america could face a severe cash crunch when it would be least able to meet the crisis . while investors say the near - term outlook is not as bleak as a recent plunge in the company ' s share and bond prices suggests , default could occur if enron ' s credit - worthiness is cut to junk bond grade . with enron reportedly securing a roughly $ 1 . 2 billion credit facility and potentially a private equity investment recently , the chances of its being downgraded soon look more remote , said an industry analyst . however , " if enron gets downgraded , there could be serious trouble with the stock and these bonds , " noted an analyst . the potential avalanche of new shares would come from special financing vehicles the company used beginning in 1998 when it decided to focus on trading energy and de - emphasize businesses that require heavy capital spending , such as water utilities and power plant development . the company took several billion dollars worth of assets that it wanted to take off its balance sheet , and shoved them into several share trust structures , which sold debt and equity . the trusts , called marlin water trust ii , marlin water capital corp . ii , osprey trust and osprey i , inc . , issued about $ 3 . 4 billion in notes . intricate trust structures the trusts assured rating agencies the assets were at arm ' s length from the rest of the company , and would not drag down the rest of enron if they underperformed , said todd shipman , the lead ratings analyst on the credit at standard & poor ' s . but the intricate trust structures are hard for analysts to understand , and investor perceptions that enron has been less than forthright about its complex dealings contributed to the plunge in the company ' s securities . a securities and exchange commission probe into two enron partnerships with a former chief financial officer and an equity write - down also pushed securities lower . in the marlin and osprey trusts , enron essentially set up special companies that held physical and financial assets and then issued bonds backed by those assets . but in a sign of the difficulty in understanding their structure , one analyst said enron threw in preferred stock convertible into 50 million shares of common stock , while another analyst said the stock was 100 million shares . the structures , which also include about 40 million shares convertible into unregistered common stock , have a proviso to assure investors : the equity would be sold only if certain doomsday scenarios came to pass , and noteholders had legitimate reason to be concerned about getting paid back . one of the bleak scenarios included both enron ' s shares plummeting , and the company being downgraded to junk bond status by at least one rating agency . enron shares rebounded on wednesday after a 10 - day slide in which they lost more than 60 percent , meeting the stock plunge scenario . shares closed at $ 13 . 90 , recouping some of the lost ground over the past 10 days , when it traded at $ 33 . 84 . junk bond bound ? the scenarios seemed unlikely when the debt and equity was issued . " people thought the notes would be rolled over , or the assets in the trust would be sold , when the notes were originally issued , " said jim mcauliffe , a fixed - income analyst covering energy at morgan stanley in new york . on monday , moody ' s investors service cut enron ' s senior unsecured rating to two notches above junk bond grade , and put them on review for further downgrade . fitch said the company is on " rating watch negative , " and standard & poor ' s , which has enron a notch higher , has it on a negative outlook . " i don ' t consider a probability , " said s & p ' s shipman . for that to happen , enron would have to be frozen out of equity financing in any form for the long term , leaving it able to raise more capital only through debt . a downgrade to below investment grade would require that enron redeem the notes in short order , said an analyst familiar with them . analysts disagreed whether the convertible preferred stock would have to be sold in this case , but they agreed that it likely would be sold . " these structures did not anticipate that scenario , " said an industry analyst familiar with the structures . in addition to the possibility of default on these notes , enron ' s core business , energy trading and marketing would likely be hampered by a sub - investment grade rating , said shipman . counterparties would cut credit lines , demand more collateral be posted , and would likely demand more favorable prices . enron , however , appears to be sanguine about the trusts . although a spokesman from the company did not return calls for this story , enron told the wall street journal last week the company believes it can repay the principal on the notes without having to issue more stock . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 3 - enron says sec inquiry now full - scale probe . 10 / 31 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( adds powers details paragraph 11 , minor changes throughout ) by jeff franks houston , oct 31 ( reuters ) - enron corp . , swept up in a deepening crisis , said on wednesday an informal inquiry by the u . s . securities and exchange commission had become a full - scale investigation of questionable financial dealings that have rocked the company in recent weeks and sent its stock plummeting . the nation ' s largest energy trader , scrambling to head off another shock to its already - shattered credibility , elected university of texas law school dean william powers to its board of directors , where he was to lead an internal inquiry into transactions that caused enron to take a $ 1 billion charge to third quarter earnings and name a new chief financial officer . the company said on oct . 22 the sec was looking into its finances , but stressed that the agency had only requested information . the disclosure that it was now a full - blown , formal investigation may indicate regulators did not like what they saw . before the announcement , which came after the stock market closed on wednesday , enron stock rose $ 2 . 74 to $ 13 . 90 to end a 10 - day tailspin that saw its price drop to nine - year lows while losing $ 17 billion in market value . analysts said bottom - fishing investors , along with speculation talk that enron may become a takeover target , had boosted shares . investors had been dumping enron shares following disclosures that the company did off - the - balance sheet transactions with two limited partnerships run by former cfo andrew fastow , who was replaced last week by another enron executive , jeff mcmahon . concern about possible conflicts of interest arising from the deals and the company ' s failure to explain them had dropped the stock to levels not seen since the early 1990 s , caused a downgrade in credit status , and brought the sec in . enron chairman and chief executive officer ken lay said the company was trying to shore up its credibility with the appointment of powers and the launching of an internal inquiry . " i have asked the board to take this action to address fully and forthrightly investors ' questions and concerns , " he said in a statement . " responding to the sec offers us an additional opportunity to achieve this same goal for investors and we will cooperate fully , " he said . the company said a committee led by powers would include several enron directors who do not work at the company and that it would have the power to " examine and take any appropriate actions with respect to transactions between enron and entities connected to related parties . " powers , a 1973 graduate of harvard law school , has been at the university of texas law school in austin since 1978 and was named dean in may 2000 . he is an expert in torts law and has written extensively on products liability . enron also said the committee hired william mclucas , a former head of the sec ' s division of enforcement , as its attorney . his firm , wilmer , cutler & pickering , has retained deloitte & touche to provide independent accounting advice , the company said . an sec spokesman would not comment on any aspect of the matter . enron was once a wall street darling touted by analysts and investors alike as one of the world ' s most innovative firms . a year ago , its profits and stock price were soaring as it transformed itself from a regulated natural gas pipeline company into a high tech wonder creating new internet - based markets in an assortment of commodities . but setbacks in broadband trading , overseas investments and the california power crisis took some of the shine off enron ' s star . in august , the financial world was stunned when chief executive jeff skilling resigned after just six months on the job , saying he wanted a lifestyle change . investors who thought enron could do no wrong turned on the company , complaining that its financial statements were incomprehensible and its management unresponsive . the capper came two weeks ago when enron said that , along with the $ 1 billion charge against its earnings , it also had cut shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion because of the curious transactions with the fastow - led entities . fastow has denied any wrongdoing , but has been unable to say much because of the sec probe and a growing number of shareholder lawsuits against enron . to assure the financial world that it had plenty of cash , enron tapped into a $ 3 . 3 billion credit line last week . but on monday , moody ' s investors service dealt the company a blow by cutting its credit rating to two notches above junk bond status . it warned further cuts were possible . analysts said it was imperative that enron fully explain the transactions that led to its fall from grace and disclose whatever liabilities they may have caused . " enron needs to substantially improve the level of disclosures , " said nitin khandkar , a portfolio manager with dubai - based al majid investment co . , which owns enron stock . " the accounting policies it follows should not be merely legal but should also reflect the company ' s true profitability . " " people are still struggling with trying to quantify what the worst - case scenario could be , " said mike heim , an analyst with a . g . edwards & sons . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : funds still shying away from former darling enron . by judith crosson 10 / 31 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . denver , oct 31 ( reuters ) - despite bargain prices , mutual fund managers are not rushing to buy shares in enron corp . , the once high - flying energy stock struggling under a blizzard of bad news including a formal sec probe into some of its deals . fears of a credit crunch , murky business dealings and the sec probe are keeping potential buyers wary , although the stock rose 24 . 5 percent or $ 2 . 74 on wednesday to close at $ 13 . 90 , its first rise after 10 straight days of losses . " the book value is around $ 11 . 40 a share . that ' s why you ' re seeing buying today , " said rahim kassim - lakha , portfolio manager of us global investors ' global resources fund . on tuesday enron shares fell 19 percent to their lowest level in nine years . kassim - lakha ' s fund has only a small holding in enron . " we actually have been selling the stock . we ' ve sold as high as $ 60 . we ' ve kept a very , very small position to maintain an interest in the company , " he said . " we are not in any way overexposed to this stock , " he added . but the big question is what other problems are on the horizon for enron , once the darling of wall street . the stock has been widely held by institutions , teachers ' retirement funds and mutual funds . at the end of june nearly 70 percent of its shares were in the hands of 1 , 175 institutions , according to data compiled by thomson financial ' s sharewatch . firstcall . enron said wednesday that it has appointed a special committee to examine its finances and communicate with the securities and exchange commission , which upgraded its informal inquiry into the company ' s finances to a formal investigation . the sec is investigating " certain of the matters that were the subject of recent press reports , " the company said in a statement . that was a reference to reports of murky off - balance - sheet deals with partnerships run by the company ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . questions persist portfolio manager kassim - lakha said he still wants to know more about why chief executive officer jeff skilling abruptly left in august , more details about why fastow had to vacate his duties and what the company plans to do to rekindle investor confidence . " maybe they need extra help or a team to come in and tell them what ' s best to do , " he added . the company said about two weeks ago there were off - balance - sheet deals with partnerships run by fastow , prompting the sec to launch a conflict - of - interest inquiry . skilling left in august after six months on the job , saying he wanted a change in lifestyle . a company spokesman on tuesday said enron has pledged to restore investor confidence . rick giesen , who managers the munder power plus fund and who shed his enron position at the low $ 30 , also said he felt there were too many uncertainties to warrant a buy yet . " we still can ' t quantify the maximum exposure here from a market standpoint , " he said . at one point giesen thought the stock might be a good buy around $ 25 , but was dissuaded by all the unanswered questions surrounding the company . " a lot of things need to run their course before you can make a reasonable assessment of the upside potential against the downside risk , " he said . giesen said enron could be hit by shareholder lawsuits and the company , the biggest energy trader in north america , could see its volume decline . " people might not want to be the counter - party to enron ' s trades , " he said . market watchers are keeping an eye on some big funds like janus corp . , the biggest holder of enron with 42 . 8 million shares in its stable , according to data reported at the end of june . a janus capitol corp . spokesman said the denver - based fund does not comment specifically on holdings , but spokeswoman shelly peterson added : " by simply looking at our june 30 th filing it would be inappropriate to assume that that ' s our position today . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: re : priority customer list this is a completely new list and is different from the original list verbally signed off by louise kitchen on tuesday . this change will cause significant additional work prior to the day 1 launch . please resend the list with counterparty legal names which are required for credit approvals and prioritization of contracts . we will add the new names and begin to review them but i am not certain they are day 1 priorites . many of the new names are non trading counterparties or power customers who i thought were not a day 1 priority . the list also is still missing the pipelines which will need to be approved day 1 . we still need the list of priority contracts required to coordinate credit terms for legal on monday . please advise asap . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 2 : 53 pm to : bradford , william s . ; brackett , debbie r . ; ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' ; ' louis . eber @ ubsw . com ' ; ' william . glass @ ubsw . com ' ; ' colette . dow @ ubsw . com ' cc : kitchen , louise subject : priority customer list attached is the customer priority list . this is intended to be the " pre - approved " list for companies to be ready on launch day and includes us and canadian entities in gas and power . i have most recently been told that individual legal names are not wanted in this list - only group names . if individual legal names are needed , let me know - i can provide the list that way as well . note that there are about 25 more names on this list than the list previously supplied to credit . it appears a number of canadian companies some non - online companies were not included in the original list . this most recent list includes these names and provides an order of priority for them . i will be sending another list later , which will identify the type of master agreement priority for each ( isda , physical gas , physical power ) dave > 
2	Subject: godbole report vince / stinson , this is a summary fo the report submitted by the godbole committee appointed by the state government to review the dabhol project . the report clearly suggests renegotiation on the tariff . a lot of what they mention is something we won ' t agree to . however , to me it seems apparent that this can be worked out . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 04 / 16 / 2001 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anshuman srivastav 04 / 16 / 2001 08 : 40 : 04 am to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : godbole report attached is a small summary that gaurav and rajesh put together on the godbole report . this is confidential . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anshuman srivastav / enron _ development on 04 / 16 / 2001 07 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gaurav varshney 04 / 16 / 2001 07 : 04 pm to : anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : 
2	Subject: good day . davis ugo co . chambers ( attorney at law ) federal high court benin white - house building , 14 degbago crescent , cotonou republic of benin . dear sir , compliments , i barrister davis have decided to bestow this trust on you , which i pray you will not ignore or betray . i appologise in advance for any inconviniences this may cause you . i am barrister davis ugo the personal attorney to late mr johnson creek , who was a contractor here in benin rep . who , on the 3 rd of oct 2001 , with his entire family were perished in a fierceful auto - crash along midombo togo express way . as a matter of fact , my client made a fixed deposit amount , valued at ( usd $ 10 . 9 m ) with reliance bank here in benin rep , and upon the duration time of their agreement , his bank started contacting him but no response . conseqently , the bank issued me a notice to provide the next of kin to the deceased as his personal attorney , or have his account confiscated after four years , as it is in the law of this country . since then , i have made several contacts to his countries embassy in order to locate any of my clients extended relatives , which had also been unsuccessful . since i have been unsuccesfull in locating the relatives for over two years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since none of his relatives were no way to be found so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 10 . 9 m could be transffered into your account , thereafter , we will both share it in percentage according to our contributions to boost the success of this great transaction . i have all the necessary legal documents that can be used to back up all the claims we will make . all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us make this great benefiting transaction successfully . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me as fast as possible through this e - mail : barr _ davis 5 @ jumpy . it and through phone also , to enable us discuss further the progress of this business . with best regards , hon : davis ugo esq , senior advocate of benin ( sab ) . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ metti il faccione di shrek sul tuo cellulare ! http : / / www . specialeshrek . canale 5 . com  
2	Subject: bhlp and upstream products update louise , please find attached the attached update of all potential transactions and relevant p & l associated with upstream products and bhlp . quick updates by group : ? storage : i am having a phone call with dave neubauer , v . p . ets , to discuss northern ' s monetization of their gas . in addition , skadden arps because of their workload associated with representating el paso in california has delayed our meeting for another two weeks . i have expressed my extreme displeasure and am seeking other appropriate legal firms who are well versed in regulatory affairs to advise us on the our storage monetization structure . paul continues to get very positive feedback from clients . we can not move forward without addressing the regulatory risk related to our financing structure . steffes is aware of my frustration . ? compression - moving forward on pricing from ees . oakhill and baygas still look promising to close this quarter . chris met with duke and after the meeting , decided that baygas could not be closed until third quarter . received an email from goodpasture that cc ' d prentiss - have not had time to address it . will do so tomorrow . ? wellhead desk - moved to 32 . p & l is lower due to " system issues " between tagg and sitara for the booking of some wellhead transactions . ? ecommerce - had a successful meeting with apache . still waiting on the andex vpp to close . thompson has been on vacation or has been sick . ? production offshore - i am continuing to work with tom to reallocate employees and associated responsibilities . i have not received any word from john regarding who will take on the p & l responsibility associated with megs / pluto . in my mind , it should be under allan keel , ecr , since he is working on the restructure / sale of mariner . tom will inform me tomorrow of his decision to stay within ena or to go to egm . i also met with the origination regional heads ( luce , vickers and tycholiz ) and shared with them a modified version of the " hot list update " worksheet . i am trying to work with them to develop joint product / general origination opportunities . i have not been given any feedback regarding the deals or customers listed . an update on bridgeline : randy curry visited with me this past week . he would like to hire some individuals into bridgeline and it is his understanding that the " board resolved " to hire new employees through enron ' s benefit plan . i do not like this type of exposure for the company . enron takes on all the benefit and hiring risk , but does not manage the human capital . in my mind , randy has dragged his feet on implementing a benefits plan and hiring appropriate human resources . in addition , i am extremely annoyed that he will not sign the compensation plan because it nullifies his texaco contract . randy gets the best of both worlds - to be a bridgeline or texaco employee contingent on the situation . i have tried contacting robyn davis , texaco board member , and we have been playing phone tag . in addition , i have met with jeanie slone and am meeting with david oxley tomorrow to discuss the overall bhlp situation . regards , mrha 
2	Subject: analyst delivers best market piay report homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security | andscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and | ogica | security have become paramount for a | | industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . homeiand security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events reiated to homeiand security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitaiize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to heip our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong terms . symbo | : vnbl . ob current price : 0 . 08 short term target price : o . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 2 o * * * why we believe vnbl . ob wil | give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wireiessiy . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technoiogy . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technoiogy which ailows companies and governments to wireiessiy track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materiais designated " high risk " were they to fail into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in | ocaies where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear facilities , and more . * as with al | stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that wi | | assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , toois , and the reiated processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industries . aithough small wirelessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possibie problems before they become serious , they can aiso deliver safety features within oil welis . oil maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific | iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a weil fiiling with water . as with other rf based technoiogy appiications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materiais by oniy the authorized handler , and | imit the entry of personne | to specific locations . ensuring personne | safety is essentia | , should there be an emergency at a faciiity , rfid tags wouid enable the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee ' s safety and / or danger . this appiication technoiogy requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentialiy hazardous conditions , but gives valuabie safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can aiso assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oi | , gas , and chemica | products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retai | | evel . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a valuabie tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natura | resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technology appiication in the oi | & gas and petrochemical industry wiil further position vinobie in a rapidly expanding industry whiie taking advantage of access to the increasing capita | and globa | spending that the company wiil require for growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the sma | | est of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fuliy spe | | ed out in the company ' s sec fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of twelve thousand do | | ars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: fortune most powerful women in business summit thank you , first of all , for supporting us in our decision to reschedule the summit . the following letter has been sent to all participants . though we ' ve been in touch with you by phone , we would greatly appreciate your reconfirming , as soon as you can , for our march event , as follows . . . . to : fortune most powerful women in business summit participants from : pattie sellers date : september 19 , 2001 re : postponement of summit my fortune colleagues join me in hoping that you and your loved ones are safe during this time of tragedy . in the aftermath of last week ' s horrific events , we have decided to postpone the upcoming fortune most powerful women in business summit scheduled for october 3 - 5 in pasadena . the new dates and location are march 6 - 8 , 2002 , at la quinta resort & club in palm springs , california . while certainly much could have been gained from bringing together this remarkable group of leaders at this time , it ' s clear that our participants need to stay close to their homes and businesses . already , the march program promises to be every bit as strong as the october summit . almost all of our speakers have confirmed that they can join us at la quinta march 6 - 8 . carly fiorina , jack welch , oprah winfrey , andrea jung , shelly lazarus , pat russo , sherry lansing , gerry laybourne , jamie gorelick , lisa caputo , betsy bernard , lynn forester , louise kitchen , ann richards , stacey snider , ginger graham , nancy peretsman , anna catalano , marie wilson , peggy brill , and anna deavere smith have all locked in the new dates . . . and we hope you will too . kindly let us know as soon as possible whether you can be with us next march by contacting suzanne o ' leary at 212 - 522 - 9444 or suzanne _ o ' leary @ timeinc . com . suzanne can arrange a full refund of your registration fee if you cannot join us at la quinta . if you have already made reservations at the ritz - carlton huntington hotel & spa in pasadena , we will take care of canceling your room reservation for next month . like you , we were anticipating an outstanding summit next month . but we hope you agree with our decision to postpone it . we look forward to coming together in strength on march 6 - 8 to forge new and lasting relationships and to explore how extraordinary women rise to meet the challenges of extraordinary times . 
2	Subject: videoconferences w / enron team and host : i have set up the following dates / times for videoconferences . unfortunately , 4 : 00 - 6 : 00 was not available , so i arranged for 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 pm on the following dates . i hope this does not cause anyone inconvenience , but i took time and space that was available . note : i did not schedule during interview week , finals week or spring break . 1 / 25 shdh 1203 2 / 1 shdh 1203 2 / 15 shdh 1203 3 / 1 shdh 215 3 / 22 shdh 215 3 / 29 shdh 215 any questions , please contact the fap office . donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania 215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727 fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: is it funny ? dimness antithesis gnats miscellaneous besetting cornfield linguistics visualizer guatemala cardinally honeydew flier rocketed abort armagnac tighter cornfield staggered indirectly incompressible erratum titled preemptive doubtlessly repeater waldo secretariat fork sari navigators saves hips methane congressionally rebecca penises - - phone : 521 - 557 - 6435 mobile : 524 - 609 - 5684 email : samueldalton @ shimaguni . com  
2	Subject: re : valid advertisement to bruceg @ em . ca : email is the best grow tool . we offer marketing with quality service . 1 . target email list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client email list . * we have millions of lists in a wide variety of categories . 2 . send out target list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your message for you . for details : www . promotecompany . com * we also offer web hosting & mail server . regards ! naren marketing team marketingtoyou @ 126 . com no and thanks : tolist @ msn . com ? subject  bruceg @ em . ca 
2	Subject: understanding oem software send the love home with an online photo album absence sharpens love , presence strengthens it . painting is just another way of keeping a diary . 
2	Subject: data storage market gets physical read about enron ' s entry into the data storage market . also in this issue : sizing up enrononline ' s competition brazil ' s new merchant plant ebs sponsors sundance it ' s all in the latest ebiz . go to home . enron . com , click publications , then click ebiz , and " ebiz february 2 , 2001 . " 
2	Subject: monday blues bill , i am having such a terrible day . i am so flustrated . can you believe it is only monday ? ah ! anyhow , i hope your day is going much better than mine . when i saw you earlier , you looked kinda angry or something . i hope i was just imaging that . anyhow , i ' d better get back to work . i ' ll talk to you later . 
2	Subject: re : prc meeting agenda recap to clarify the discussion below : i will not be discussing the promotion candidates with sally prior to her prc meeting on 6 / 19 / 00 . as a reminder , our prc meeting will be held on tuesday , 6 / 13 in eb 37 cl , beginning @ 12 : 00 noon . lunch will be served , and yvette has drinks and snacks throughout the day . our goal will be not to have dinner , but if necessary , we will . i suggest each of you to make arrangements to stay as late as needed to ensure we reach a quality work product . our agenda : review of ground rules and responsibilities of the committee . each of you will provide a general business assessment of your team . hr challenges should be identified along with needed skill sets , gap analysis and succession planning . the template below should be used for the format . i am not interested in discussing the business goals , but you probably need to think through these in order to discuss the assessments that we will want to discuss as a group . review and discussion of exempt employees . each will be categorized into the six descriptors used in the feedback process . i am expecting each of you to have a listing of accomplishments from your employees along with factual feedback and observations which will allow you to place your employees into appropriate categories . i would like to stress that the data to sustantiate the performance descriptor should be factual and documented . the focus of employee discussions must be on each employee ' s individual contribution towards accomplishing our business goals . we must safeguard our discussions from " he said , she said " periferal distractors , and focus on the work product . promotion candidates discussion . once again , the prc process is a valued process at enron . each of you have been through it , so you understand the importance of confidentiality . additionally , the committee will be required to reach an unanimous vote . please come to the meeting with your " enron " hat on - not your individual group hat . our people are critical to our business . therefore , it is important for us to be honest when evaluating our staff . we must identify our stengths and weaknesses , and work towards strengthening our people to ensure the very best business service we can provide . what this means is that we should provide our employees with the very best constructive feedback possible . in some cases , you may be providing a tough message , but it is our responsibility and obligation to ensure that each employee fully understands expectations , where they are on point and where they are not on point of meeting these expectations so that they can have the next six months to build needed skill sets and / or correct behaviors . this is your obligation as their immediate supervisor . if you have any questions , concerns or issues you would like to talk about prior to the meeting on tuesday , please contact me or hector . in advance , i appreciate your time , energy and professionalism in this process . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 06 / 09 / 2000 10 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brenda f herod 06 / 05 / 2000 08 : 45 am to : lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : prc meeting agenda recap fyi . the template to be used in our prc process is below . i am still trying to get clarification around the promotion discussion . i will let you all know . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000 08 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : hector mcloughlin 06 / 02 / 2000 05 : 28 pm to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : prc meeting agenda recap the accomplishments by 6 / 19 is for directors and above - to sally . individual groups under sally will probably set their deadlines prior to the smaller prc ' s . that is correct . i did not understand that promotions are to be discussed prior to the meeting with sally our notes indicate that sally wanted some prior discussions on this subject . nor did i understand that the employee had to be in their role for 1 year . our notes indicate that this would be the general rule of thumb . i thought the promotion discussion would be an agenda item of prc . we believe that discussion of promotions will also occur at the prc . additionally , i understood the mid - year promotion listing would not be as extensive as year - end , maintaining the year - end as the primary promotion time . we understood the same . from : brenda f herod @ ect 05 / 31 / 2000 07 : 37 pm to : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / enron communications @ enron communications , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : prc meeting agenda recap i think i ' m unclear on some points . the accomplishments by 6 / 19 is for directors and above - to sally . individual groups under sally will probably set their deadlines prior to the smaller prc ' s . i did not understand that promotions are to be discussed prior to the meeting with sally nor did i understand that the employee had to be in their role for 1 year . i thought the promotion discussion would be an agenda item of prc . additionally , i understood the mid - year promotion listing would not be as extensive as year - end , maintaining the year - end as the primary promotion time . can you clarify ? thanks . enron north america corp . from : hector mcloughlin 05 / 31 / 2000 06 : 07 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , scott pleus / enron communications @ enron communications , brent a price / hou / ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : prc meeting agenda recap please distribute the recap of the meeting to your managers . thanks , hgm 
2	Subject: ciallis softabs onlly $ 3 . 99 9 lkuyj " ci - ialis softabs " is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / zigzagging . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / zigzagging . net / rm . php ? ronn 71 rnhq 
2	Subject: webi proposal vince : per your request , i am forwarding the electronic version of the webi proposal . as i mentioned to you yesterday , jeff shankman has procured funding for enron to join at the corporate partner level , so you may wish to discuss the matter with him prior to circulating this document . this funding is in addition to that which you and christie have already committed to other research and sponsorship activities at the school . please let me know if i can be of any further help . i look forward to seeing you again soon . by the way , i cast my vote on time and with no confusion ; let ' s hope the outcome is as we hoped it would be . tom > - webi proposal complete 5 - 26 . doc 
2	Subject: welcome to vip quality software . os - adobe - macromedia etc all under $ 15 - $ 99 cds poverty is a weapon of mass destruction . if you have a fallback plan , you will fall back . 
2	Subject: california update 09 . 15 . 01 - - legislature adjourns - - no da bill - - new special session about 1 am this morning , the legislature adjourned - - the senate without voting out the edison mou ( which included da provisions ) and the assembly without passing out bowen ' s green da bill . on the sce mou , governor davis responded by saying 1 ) the assembly did a good job , 2 ) the senate failed to do its job and 3 ) davis would call a special session to start all over again and try to get an mou . the special session would begin in about 2 weeks . davis said that edison promised him they wouldn ' t take themselves into voluntary bankruptcy in the interim . the cpuc is scheduled to take up its vote to suspend da on thursday , sept 20 . a press account and davis ' statement are attached . sue and jeff governor davis comments on failure of senate to approve edison legislation will call 3 rd special session to keep edison from bankruptcy sacramento governor gray davis made the following comments after legislation designed to restore southern california edison to creditworthiness failed to win approval in the california state senate . " i am proud of the work done by the assembly to get the state out of the business of buying electricity by restoring edison to creditworthiness . unfortunately , however , the senate has not gotten the job done . " it is critical to keep edison solvent so that we do not lose 3 , 000 megawatts of power from renewable energy and small power producers . we worked hard to bring this energy , which was crucial in avoiding blackouts , back on - line earlier this summer . " i will call a third extraordinary session , which will begin in approximately two weeks , so that edison can avoid bankruptcy . edison has assured me that it will not seek bankruptcy and that it believes that its creditors will continue to show restraint . " california senate adjourns without voting on plan to save struggling utility jennifer kerr , associated press writer saturday , september 15 , 2001 ? 2001 associated press url : ( 09 - 15 ) 02 : 57 pdt sacramento , calif . ( ap ) - - the state senate adjourned early saturday without voting on a plan to rescue southern california edison from bankruptcy , and gov . gray davis called an emergency legislative session for next month to try again to help the struggling utility . as the california legislature rushed to pass hundreds of bills and finish the 2001 session , a $ 200 million program to help the state ' s neediest schools won approval . so did bills to give driver ' s licenses to immigrants seeking citizenship and improve working conditions for shepherds . but senators remained cool to davis ' idea of bailing out southern california edison . they failed to vote on the measure after it was approved last week by the assembly , which also adjourned early saturday . " we didn ' t take it up because we didn ' t want to embarrass the governor , " said president pro tem john burton . " it would have been a rip - off of residential people to help big business and bail out a corporation . " the deal ' s quiet death closed more than five months of work since davis first announced the plan in april , saying the state would pay $ 2 . 76 billion for edison ' s transmission system and let the utility sell consumer - backed bonds to repay the rest of its $ 3 . 9 billion debt . without the deal , edison faces bankruptcy along with pacific gas and electric co . , the state ' s largest utility . the company filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in april , after amassing about $ 8 . 9 billion in debt due to last year ' s sky - high electricity costs . edison says it has accrued $ 3 . 9 billion in debts . the special session is meant to take another shot at saving edison from sliding into bankruptcy . " i am proud of the work done by the assembly to get the state out of the business of buying electricity by restoring edison to creditworthiness , " davis in a statement after midnight saturday . " unfortunately , however , the senate has not gotten the job done . " the new school - improvement program would provide grants of $ 400 per student to schools with the state ' s lowest test scores . they will have nearly four years to improve scores or face sanctions as severe as closing the school . the shepherd bill would give people who watch sheep some of the basic working conditions that other workers have in state law . those include a 10 - minute rest break for every four hours of work , tools paid for by the employer and toilets , lights and water in housing . it also would put into state law a $ 1 , 050 - a - month minimum wage for sheepherders . while legislators toiled , tuesday ' s terrorist attacks were never far from their minds . davis joined the assembly for a brief memorial service that included a procession of lawmakers handing in letters they had written expressing their feeling about the attacks . the legislature approved sending $ 1 million from the california victim compensation fund to a similar program in new york to help victims of the terrorist attacks . the letters will be printed in a special assembly journal . " here in california , our job is to keep the peace and preach tolerance , " said davis . ? 2001 associated press 
2	Subject: smail - cap review mcgill , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) will have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board while this stock is below $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 22 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66 ! ' u a c p ! ( currently trading at $ 0 . 22 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technology products and service , cross - selling additional products and new affiliate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 22 rating : undervalued we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we believe this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with real products and its stock is headed up information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - aol 98098909 sdf . com / optl / rm . html - )  
2	Subject: re : vince kaminski ' s oct . 11 presentation - - " enron day at the energy finance program " cindy , october 11 would work for me . this is the date of my visit to austin to make a presentation ehud ' s mba class . if you need me to go to austin an a different day , please , let me know . i shall be glad to help you , my schedule permitting . vince cindy justice 07 / 05 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vince kaminski ' s oct . 11 presentation - - " enron day at the energy finance program " vince - christy young is the ut mba recruiter . she is taking a couple of weeks off to get married and will return on july 19 th as christy meador . in her absence , i wanted to make sure we coordianted our efforts with you . below are a few key ut recruiting dates . ideally , we would like for your presentation to occur a week or so before our interview list is due to the career services office . this will allow for additional candidates to submit their resumes for our review before we turn in the interview list . wed . , sept . 13 - corporate presentation & reception - alumni center fri . , sept . 22 - eye ' s of texas career fair - campus thurs . , sept . 28 - enron interview list due to career services office wed . , oct . 11 - pre - interview reception - selected candidates only thurs . , oct . 12 - first round interviews fri . , oct . 13 - second round interviews sat . , oct . 28 - super saturday for ut candidates please let me know what works best with your schedule . note that october 11 is the same date as our pre - interview reception . we look forward to working with you on this . thanks , cindy justice x 57339 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cindy justice / hou / ect on 07 / 05 / 2000 03 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - celeste roberts 07 / 05 / 2000 11 : 57 am to : cindy justice / hou / ect @ ect , shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vince kaminski ' s oct . 11 presentation - - " enron day at the energy finance program " can you guys followup with him to coordinate an enron reception following a presentation that vince kaminiski will give during their annual ut foundations of energy finance class . we do want to do this , and of course need to coordinate with vince and your dates on campus to ensure that we have no conflicts . i am not sure if this falls into the associate or analyst camp . you can best determine who the appropriate contact should be . leave me an e - mail to confirm . celeste - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by celeste roberts / hou / ect on 07 / 05 / 2000 11 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ehud i . ronn " on 07 / 05 / 2000 10 : 35 : 57 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vince kaminski ' s oct . 11 presentation - - " enron day at the energy finance program " celeste , greetings . as you may recall , i am the director of the univ . of texas center for energy finance ( cefer ) . i would like at this time to initiate planning for your colleague vince kaminski ' s annual presentation to the ut foundations of energy finance class which i will be presenting as usual the first half of the fall semester . thus , to begin , i wonder whether either the above is your current e - mail account , and , with the departure of meryl barnett ( with whom i believe we coordinated this in the past ) , whether this is an issue within your scope . with respect to this reception , i appreciate that there may be other enron receptions scheduled for this fall . however , if you so choose , i would like to afford you the opportunity of scheduling an enron reception following vince ' s presentation . if you would indeed like to do so , i suggest we coordinate with vince the date for the presentation / reception . sincerely , ehud ehud i . ronn professor of finance director , center for energy finance education and research mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: fw : filling vacancies and adding head count this is now the new policy . please email justification to me when hiring replacements . consider all alternatives before automatically re - hiring and also carefully consider the level you need to hire . as you can see any additional hires require multiple sign - offs and will require a face to face meeting with me before proceeding . let me know if you have any questions . tks - bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , bob m sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 3 : 04 pm to : reeves , leslie ; superty , robert ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; white , stacey w . ; wynne , rita ; mcclure , mark subject : filling vacancies and adding head count after my recent budgeting experience , i think we need to tighten up our procedures around filling vacancies and adding head count . when filling vacancies , i would like to have each of you review the positions . i think we need to challenge ourselves and the managers to be as conservative as possible . i would like to sign off on all replacements . i promise not to be difficult . when adding personnel over your current budgeted number , besides having the commercial team sign - off on the addition , i am think that it may have to be approved by the coo of americas ( louise ) . i am planning on meeting with her next week to discuss in detail how to keep her in the loop in new hires resulting from business changes ( asset management deals or service arrangements ) let me know what you think . thanks bob 
2	Subject: site status report and qbr louise : as a follow up to our conversation early this week , i will have a draft site status report to you on tuesday . what we ' ve done is to take the site option list previously provided to you , and add a status column and a cost basis column . i ' d like to sit down with you and dave duran to go over this , and also other information on ql to make sure my group is on track from your perspective . i could have a qbr package to you by late next week or early the following , depending on when you would like to get together . i hope you have a good weekend . regards , ben 
2	Subject: deal # 125822 the expected volume on the subject deal has been changed effective 3 / 28 / 01 : meter # trade zone counterparty from to 9658 16 kcs resources 6 , 500 5 , 700 bob 
2	Subject: david portz i would like to acknowledge david portz for his hard work and diligence in drafting and actively supporting the negotiation of the green mountain power all - requirements transaction in ercot . david worked long hours ensuring all tight timelines were met and facilitated quick contract turnarounds on numerous occasions . in addition to green mountain , david has exhibited the same hard work and diligence on other texas transactions ( san antonio , misc . qse contracts , etc . ) 
2	Subject: get latest version , cds and download under 99 $ if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired so ftware isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . we make s ( oftware to be near you . order any softwa re you need for a low price . some popular products from our price list : all programs you can d ( ) wnload or order on cd - rom by airmail . 40 usd adobe creative suite ( 5 cds ) 30 usd adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 40 usd 3 ds max 7 ( 3 cds ) 30 usd adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) 35 usd alias wavefront maya 6 . 0 unlimited ( 2 cds ) 35 usd autocad 2005 ( 1 cd ) 35 usd autodesk architectural desktop 2005 ( 3 cds ) 35 usd cakewalk sonar 4 producer edition ( 1 cd ) 22 usd canopus procoder 2 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 25 usd corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) 22 usd dragon naturallyspeaking preferred 8 . 0 bilanguage ( 2 cds ) 22 usd macromed ! a dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 . 1 26 usd macromed ! a fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 26 usd macromed ! a flash mx 2004 v 7 . 2 professional ( 1 cd ) 40 usd macromed ! a studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) 22 usd m ! crosoft money 2005 premium ( 1 cd ) 40 usd m ! crosoft office 2003 system professional with spl ( 5 cds ) 25 usd m ! crosoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 4 cds ) 35 usd m ! crosoft project 2002 pro 20 usd m ! crosoft office publisher 2003 ( 1 cd ) 25 usd m ! crosoft visio 2003 pro ( 1 cd ) 35 usd m ! crosoft windows xp professional with sp 2 ( 1 cd ) 93 usd m ! crosoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) 17 usd nort 0 n antivirus 2005 ( 1 cd ) 30 usd nort 0 n systemworks 2005 premier ( 1 cd ) 22 usd omnipage 14 office multilanguage ( 1 cd ) 22 usd pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) 35 usd ptc pro engineer wildfire 2 . 0 ( 3 cds ) 14 usd powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) 17 usd ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 17 usd winfax pro 10 . 03 and , more , more . more ! ! total today is 1421 pr oducts . price list - http : / / capistrano . realsoft 4 u . biz / p / ? wid  wuyeko 83 p 2 asbono search - http : / / capistrano . realsoft 4 u . biz / e / ? wid  266 es 57 cuquooqmb mac users . we have some sof tware for you too ! ! ! check it : adobe creative suite ( 2 cds ) for mac adobe acrobat 7 . 0 pro for mac ( 1 cd ) adobe illustrator 10 for mac adobe indesign cs 3 . 0 for mac alias wavefront maya 6 . 0 for mac ( 1 cd ) macromed ! a flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional for mac macromed ! a studio mx 2004 for mac ( 1 cd ) m ! crosoft office v . x for mac quarkxpress 6 multilanguage for mac and more ! ! ! - - - - arcane campsite alienate aztec arlen blenheim densitometer changeable decompose cleanup daugherty concocter bathroom cellar central celia congenital catchword cognac delectate craze coexist critic catholic articulate datum blackbird burgeon certify adoptive agreeing almanac aqueous arterial buildup compatible constrict board birmingham alien cartilaginous connector among 
2	Subject: cheap online pills here calisthenic railroad auriga swain find your medications without delay ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now icky dramaturgy magruder destine  
2	Subject: fca offrr hello , welcome to phar seethe monline sh klystron op - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical s astride hops admission v ornate g assemblyman al l passingbell l l rebuke a positivism ra quibble cl i regulable sv parvenu a u tomtom m andmanyother . - save over needlework 50 % - worldwide shlp overgrow plng - total confidentiai convex ity - over 5 mi orthogonal iiion customers in 130 countries have tighten a nice day ! 
2	Subject: a great day for a great start to save choose expedite rx service and check the site of discount pharmacy first . find out how to expedite the service and pay less at the same time . check the site of discount pharmacy cause it offfers more meds on special now . start shopping online and get meds with express shipping . save more online with freee rx and more other bonus offfers . expedite the rx service and order meds for pain relief , sexual health , hypertension , heart disease , anti - depressant , sleeping disorder and women ' s health . for a people who is not good at expressing himself , i would prefer online consultaion . cause it makes me less nervous in a more familiar environment like my own room . - - feel better benzoyls 9 bloodbedabbledl escutcheons cosmopolicy duikers hundreds of worshippersmarched through the streets of the beit sahur village in the west bank , holding candles and " five years , " shesaid . " okay , " prossen said , " so i guess you are pretty senior . " 
2	Subject: proposal from : mr . donald udoh internet fax number : 1 775 - 514 - 1606 reply to : udoh 2004 @ latinmail . com please give me an immediate response this is to seek your co - operation as my foreign partner and your assistance to enable me own a property and invest in the stable economy of your country . accept my apologies if this mail does not suit your personal or business ethics . my name is mr . donald udoh . i am making this venture proposal to you in strict confidence . the money we want to invest was acquired from an over invoiced contract proceed . this is in my capacity as the chairperson of the senate financial committee on foreign contracts verification and payments ( member , contract review panel ( crp ) . our good fortune is that we are privy to such classified information . the amount in question is $ 28 , 200 , 000 . 00 million us dollars . as a senior civil servant in the nigerian government , our country ' s prudential policy prohibits me from operating a foreign account . if you would like to assist me as a partner , please kindly indicate your interest after which we shall both discuss on the modalities . all other information to facilitate the remittance of the funds will be revealed to you in due course . for your assistance , you shall receive 25 % of the funds to be transferred and 5 % will be set aside for all expenses incurred by both parties . i would appreciate if this proposal is kept confidential because of what i have explained above . note that you can reach me urgently on my e - mail , or in my ( american internet fax number 1 775 - 514 - 1606 , which i believe is more secured ) . please do indicate your direct telephone and fax number when replying to this business proposal . i will be calling you when necessary . in the meantime , i will appreciate if you can contact me through my alternative email udoh 2004 @ latinmail . com a swift acknowledgement on the receipt of this mail will be appreciated . best regards , mr . donald udoh mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / www . jlovell . net 
2	Subject: re : weather and energy price data dear dr . kaminski : thank you very much for the natural gas information . the electricity price is also definitely of great help if it can be available . could you kindly please let me know the contact information for ft or megawatt daily ? i will contact them asap to get their permission for the access of the price data . thank you very much and have a great day ! mulong on mon , 16 apr 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > mulong , > > we shall send you natural gas henry hub prices right away . > please look at the last winter and the winter of > 95 / 96 . > > we shall prepare for you the electricity price > information ( cinergy , cobb and palo verde ) but > you have to approach ft ( the publishers of > megawatts daily , a newsletter that produces the price > index we recommend using ) and request the permision > to use the data . we are not allowed to distribute > this information . > > please , explain that this is for academic research and that > we can produce the time series for you , > conditional on the permission from the publishers > of megawatts daily . > > vince kaminski > > > > > mulong wang on 04 / 15 / 2001 03 : 43 : 26 am > > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com > cc : richard macminn > subject : weather and energy price data > > > dear dr . kaminski : > > i am a phd candidate under the supervision of drs . richard macminn and > patrick brockett . i am now working on my dissertation which is focused on > the weather derivatives and credit derivatives . > > could you kindly please offer me some real weather data information about > the price peak or plummet because of the weather conditions ? > > the past winter of 2000 was very cold nationwide , and there may be a > significant price jump for natural gas or electricity . could you > please offer me some energy price data during that time period ? > > your kind assistance will be highly appreciated and have a great day ! > > mulong > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: re : westinghouse 501 d 5 a louise : our proposal is for ena to assume the nominal cost of the turbine as of jan 1 , ' 01 , exclusive of carrying costs up to that date . from jan 1 forward we will assume full responsibility for any carrying costs , and any continuing payment obligations under the purchase contract with westinghouse . the nominal cost of the turbine as of jan 1 , ' 01 exclusive of carrying costs , is $ 22 , 947 , 599 . this is the amount that we propose ena to assume with respect to the turbine . the carrying cost through jan 1 to be assumed by calme as part of this proposal is $ 2 , 055 , 330 . this amount reflects the actual carrying charges imposed by enron corp on calme based upon the payments made to westinghouse under the purchase agreement . the continuing payment obligation to be assumed by ena under the purchase contract with westinghouse is $ 1 , 558 , 401 . this amount reflects the actual final payment due under the contract , which is due at commercial operations . please let me know if you need anything else to resolve this , or if you have any questions . regards , ben louise kitchen 03 / 26 / 2001 12 : 45 pm to : ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : europe ' s turbines can you send me a quick email summary of what we want the calme trasfer to be and i ' ll deal with it . thanks louise enron capital & trade resources corp . from : ben f jacoby 03 / 26 / 2001 12 : 42 pm sent by : ben jacoby to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : europe ' s turbines ok . by the way , did you have a discussion with calme on the carrying costs on the westinghouse 501 d 5 a ? regards , ben louise kitchen 03 / 26 / 2001 10 : 17 am to : ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : europe ' s turbines eel is now selling its 9 fas ( previously mentioned for arcos ) , i referred john sherriff to you to see if you have any potential outlets for these turbines . so in case someone telephones you , that is where the call comes from . louise  
2	Subject: info session reminder : day ahead scheduling opportunity ! hello all ! just a reminder that jeff richter is patiently waiting in mt . hood to inform all interested candidates about the day ahead scheduling position . stop by to find out more information ! ( he will begin his presentation in just a few moments . ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grace rodriguez / pdx / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - amy fitzpatrick 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 04 am to : portland west desk cc : subject : day ahead scheduling opportunity ! a position has recently become available on the california desk reporting to jeff richter . jeff will be holding an information session on tuesday , april 24 , 2001 at 11 : 00 am in mt . hood for anyone who would like to learn more about this opportunity . interested candidates should let amy fitzpatrick know by close of business on friday , april 27 , 2001 . day ahead scheduling / analyst this individual is responsible for the physical and financial integrity of day - ahead scheduled energy transactions . this includes managing schedules and preserving enron ' s financial rights with non - performing trading counterparties . in addition , the day ahead scheduler is responsible for some trading of energy in the california iso and bilateral markets both on enron online and through the broker market . traders are expected to initiate profitable trades while maintaining an acceptable amount of risk exposure to the company . the individual is expected to know all settlements requirements and charges related to each type of trade . the trading role requires interfacing with internal and external customers and other desks within west power trading . the day ahead scheduler is required to administer terms of service desk contracts , which may include the selling of excess generation and purchasing energy for customer ' s load requirement . also , the individual is responsible for gathering and reporting information on unit outages , transmission line derations and other information that is useful for all west desk trading activity . job duties ? confirm purchases and sale of power for enron power marketing ? create and manage daily position spreadsheet ? involves some weekends ? work closely with volume , risk management , and dispute settlement groups ? assist in the resolution of volume discrepancies within an iso market ? interface with service and middle marketing customers to resolve day - ahead questions and concerns ? assist in testing and implementation of the scheduling applications ? work closely with information technology and fundamentals group to maintain and develop day - ahead tools and systems ? learn sql programming to enhance data analysis qualifications ? bachelors in finance , business , accounting or related field ? 1 to 2 years of previous power industry experience in wscc is preferred . ? excellent problem solving and communication skills ? working knowledge of excel , access is required . knowledge of visual basic and sql is preferred . ? self motivated ? detail oriented 
2	Subject: wow , superfast delivery sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big amplitude assort casket babble abrasive cerulean copperas appleton bromide boyish comptroller bite basis diagnosable ascetic cockeye boylston chief decker coleman blot abstain deface died churchman amarillo clergy dingo alter befogging convulsive aroma aniline amply circle adolph cluster appoint defunct divorcee appanage armful claret caretaker barnabas cacophonist byronic cathedral communal desideratum despond bombard conner bruegel catalytic acre bloodshed alum croft capacitance burglarproof dispensary anomalous baton allegiant removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : good morning john , i shall see christie tomorrow and i shall talk to her about the project . friday , feb 23 works for me . vince " john d . martin " on 10 / 18 / 2000 10 : 00 : 57 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : good morning vince , just an update for you and a question . first , i have talked to christie and corresponded via e - mail . we don ' t have dates to talk to lay , skilling and fastow as yet but christie is working on it . i will prompt her again next week . the second item of business is a question . i want to see if we can move our meeting in spring ( business education and the new economy workshop ) back a week to friday february 23 rd . one of the attendees has a conference he wants to attend on march 2 nd . let me know asap if the 23 rd works for you . i have committments from a number of folks for the workshop and i think it will be great fun and a wonderful learning experience for us all . john john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: birthplace feldman , ! , online doctors ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! _ som @ , vioxx , v - ia - gra , fioriceet , phentremine and other popular meds . . valium , xan @ x _ , i @ lis , % http : / / www . 9006 hosting . com / mxl . htm - - excelsior , you ' re a writer ? ' , silhouette , youve forgotten what , apportion , in this place , flee , airplane at around .  
2	Subject: legitimate software at a tenth of the prce mit newsletter : pc optl 0 ns bundle # 1 : wlndows x . p professional + m ! crosoft office x * p professional - 8 o do / / ars bundle # 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 20 o 4 + flash mx 20 o 4 - 100 do | | ars bundle # 3 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 - 120 do \ \ ars get it quickly : http : / / praseodymium . bestxpshop . info / what is your phone number ? charity jewell electricalengineer flexione pte limited , singapore , singapore phone : 459 - 214 - 6168 mobile : 462 - 412 - 3415 email : gjxonftrkdfeud @ b 2 b . net . cn this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this software is a 39 day trial file notes : the contents of this message is for your exclusive use and should not be danielson law cornerstone composition honorary time : thu , 16 dec 2004 09 : 13 : 52 + 0200 
2	Subject: investor ' s insight investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 12 current price : $ o . 12 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 6 o lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company seils primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ 0 . 12 current status lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annualized revenues of $ 50 ok and is expected to double its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an additional $ 2 . 5 mi | | ion in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 miliion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quaiity of service , value provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their whoily - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has completed an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of home and commercia | security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole instalier for new insta | | ations of residential aiarms for certicom and wiil be their provider of other home technoiogy products too . syslync aiso announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wiil more than double the homes we touch throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders and homeowners , to design and insta | | home technoiogy solutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are genera | | y identifiabie by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | results , performance , and achievements may differ materially from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form 10 - ksb on fiie with the sec . read this legal notes before you do anything else : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 1956 o from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | i s t , please gohere ( - stocksolution 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: affordable online pills here eft tail germinate locate your prescription immediately ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now midshipman pundit incredulous sparge coffer  
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 19 / 00 please increase deliveries to eastrans to 7500 mmbtu / dy effective 10 / 19 / 00 . the redeliveries will be 7500 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley into hpl . 
2	Subject: select eshopping for medicines and take advantage of the specials at our cyberstore . with a wide range of rxdrugs provided at our chernist - site , customers can select the best - selling ones at the outstanding prices . you can select from our wide range of quality medic  s for dysfunction of the male organ , pain , swelling , stress , man ' s care , bad cholesterol , obesity and sleeping disorder . if you prefer quick and timely distribution services , please select our company . all the items sold at our store are on special . it is your chance to reduce your spending for rxmeds . our health history check is quick and professional . best of all , it is without any expenditure to you . http : / / tn . i . findoutwithease . com / ed / search our site and flnd the bestddeals for you novv ! hey joked freely with one another captain benwick . his lameness prevented him from taking much exercise ; or the misery of such happiness , instantly . two minutes after , but seldom with him . it appeared to me that h e was more clever and cold than th but a mind of usefulness and ingenuity seemed to furnish him with ey were , and that they regarded 7 him with something of my own 2 feeling . i remarked th at , once o 
2	Subject: group split sally , if it is ok with you , frank and i would like to split the group in the following manner . frank would primarily take care of the following groups : bob hall jeff gosset stacey white sheri thomas i would primarily take care of the following groups : leslie reeves shona wilson beth apollo james scribner mary solmonson please let us know if this is ok with you and we will announce it accordingly . thanks , hgm 
2	Subject: fw : tenaska iv meeting list . xls fyi . consider the meeting time shown in the attached as firm ; i ' ll work on the location and get back to you on it . rh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " motley , tom " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 motley + 2 c + 20 tom + 22 + 20 + 3 ctom + 2 emotley + 40 elpaso + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , june 20 , 2001 4 : 48 pm to : hill , garrick cc : field , david subject : tenaska iv meeting list . xls > this should be a fairly accurate list of those attending the various meetings from elpaso . please make sure i got the times right . this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender . - tenaska iv meeting list . xls 
2	Subject: re : legal operating systems summer - sale oem software newsletter we offer cheap oem versions of your most popu % iar software . oem is completetly legal - it means you buy a registerded copy , only without the packaging and printed manuals . please look at the following specials we have : 1 . grafics software for only 80 $ 2 . office software for only 100 $ 3 . operating systems for only 50 $ our full pricelist can be found at : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 79 d 4 wf 45 dda 2 ddd 3 abf 6 bebf 227 f 4 cl 4 adobe photoshop cs information features : - improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web - support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels - create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools - customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts - unparalleled efficiency - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts description : get superior results faster with industry - standard adobe photoshop cs software and its integrated web production application , adobe imageready cs software . graphic and web designers , photographers , and video professionals can take advantage of indispensable features that include improved file management , new design possibilities , a more intuitive way to create for the web , and support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels . now you can create the highest quality images more efficiently than ever before . our site has more info : http : / / bigaaron . info / ? 43 wccd 54 c 3 fbfb 913 ab 837 clf 453 fal 6 how can you sell this software as oem ? it seems too good to be true - is there a catch ? there is no catch - the software versions that we sell are oem ( original equipment manufacturer ) which means you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retail packing and do not include the manual ) . we do guarantee that all programs are the 100 % full working retail versions - no demos or academic versions ! when you order , you will receive all materials required for a complete installation - or your money back ! why pay hundreds of dollars more when you can get exactly the same but oem - cd ? you don ' t have to pay that much for the fancy box and manuals . why is your software so inexpensive compared to the other retailers ? we minimize our overhead by stocking mostly top selling software only and try to get the best deals for them . we also sell what are called oem versions , the same software as the box version without the box and the manual . by foregoing the fancy box and typically slim manuals you end up saving a considerable amount . thank you if you wish to stop future m ai - - ling please go here : http : / / quentals . info / fgh . php 
2	Subject: re : summer internship shirley , fyi . it looks like cantekin will be starting on may 22 ( summer intern ) . can we find him space on 19 ? - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2000 02 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " cantekin dincerler " on 04 / 20 / 2000 11 : 21 : 11 am please respond to to : " ' stinson gibner ' " cc : subject : re : summer internship stinson , i just received a word from associate & analyst program that the official starting dates are may 22 , and june 2 . they seem to be strict about this . hopefully i ' ll make it to may 22 . regards , - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate the university of texas at austin graduate school of business department of finance office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356 http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : stinson gibner [ mailto : stinson . gibner @ enron . com ] > sent : thursday , april 13 , 2000 5 : 13 pm > to : cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu > subject : summer internship > > > > > cantekin , > > you should be getting an offer of a summer internship within > the next few days . > if you don ' t , please let me know . > > i think you will be working with me on a combination of enron > broadband services > and enron north america projects and am looking forward to > having your help . > some of the projects should be a lot of fun . > > > when are available to start so i can plan ahead for you ? > > best regards , > > stinson > > 
2	Subject: dialogue et rencontre ? rejoins nous ! rencontrez l ' amour pour la vie ou juste pour une nuit . . . 100 % anonyme ! 100 % discret . . . toujours coquin mais jamais vulgaire ! - inscription anonyme et gratuite - dialogue en direct - fiches d ' inscrit ( e ) s + photos - . . . une slection des dernir ( e ) s inscrit ( e ) s du jour candiliene blonde , 19 ans ne veut pas passer seule ses vacances . . . ch h metisse ou black de pr?f?rence . . . contactez - la maintenant sur loveimpact . com mehdi juste pour one night one girl delirante et top fun . . . contactez - le maintenant sur loveimpact . com sonia blonde , 21 ans cherche ? ?tre s?duite par un homme muscl? de la t?te only ! contactez - la maintenant sur loveimpact . com yangchi m?tisse asiatique , 19 ans faite la r?ver en lui racontant des histoires . . . contactez - la maintenant sur loveimpact . com vous recevez cet e - mail en tant qu ' abonn oktomail pour ne plus recevoir de message , cliquez - ici .  
2	Subject: i don ' t wwait anymore hello , welcome to pharmonl telepathy ine sh daedal op - one o unposted f the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops selfcommand v bolter g a nubile l l multiplicity l oneman la r slackbaked a priory cl military isv heretofore a u embrittle m andmanyother . - save adjacent over 50 % - worldwide shlp cohabitation plng - total confidentiaii irreparable ty - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countri ormolu es have a nice day chronometer ! 
2	Subject: fortune 500 work at home reps needed ! immediate help needed . we are a fortune 500 company that is growing at a tremendous rate of over 1000 % per year . we simply cannot keep up . we are looking for motivated individuals who are looking to earn a substantial income working from home . this is a real opportunity to make an excellent income from home . no experience is required . we will provide you with any training you may need . we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you than click on the link below and complete our online information request form , and one of our employment specialist will contact you . http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 so if you are looking to be employed at home , with a career that will provide you vast opportunities and a substantial income , please fill out our online information request form here now : http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 to be removed from our list simply click on the link below now : http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 1631 pl 5 
2	Subject: do you care ? dry round has tree story song . ice night table . may , rule has change he base . mean visit soon pick compare . bed hand much . we took from , there , money ocean . the , down never , yes mine either . island north , where yes order ever kind . race and sing , star too . region , spot pose . tail second , cause visit , imagine show suffix . out enough , old , your speed . - - phone : 421 - 978 - 7096 mobile : 433 - 956 - 4918 email : gasolineofficer @ telesp . net . br  
2	Subject: kwbt bio - tech signs letter of intent , gcm after the closing bell . . . getting a jump start on the next trading day kwbt bio - tech signs letter of intent . . . the loi is intended as a marketing agreement whereby kwbt will market rti ' s products in the china market utilizing its sales and distribution channels . rti is a leader in mycorrhiza and advanced nutrition products for new forest plantation , mine reclamation and erosion control , and is north america ' s number one producer of premium mycorrhizal inoculant . their planter pak technology combines a sophisticated blend of controlled release fertilizers in a simple and highly effective ` ` root zone delivery ' ' system . planters paks are safe to handle , economical and been shown to consistently increase plant biomass by 240 % to 400 % over non - treated seedlings in the irst three to five years . rti ' s proven technology has been used for over a decade in reforestation , mine reclamation , land restoration and ornamental applications . wei li , chairman and ceo of kwbt stated , ` ` kwbt is pleased to enter into this alliance with rti . their premium mycorrhizal products are best used in native vegetation restoration , forestry and agriculture due to their ability to form an extensive hyphal network in soil . ' ' li continued , ` ` desertification has been claiming land at the speed of 600 , 000 acres per year in china since the 1990 s . currently , total desertification in china stands at 650 , 000 , 000 acres , which is 27 . 3 % of the total area of the country . among this land , close to 20 , 000 , 000 acres are arable lands . reforestation has been a continuous effort that may reach up to 7 , 000 , 000 acres per year . ' ' li added , ` ` to enhance our product offerings and shorten the product development cycle , kwbt is continuously focused on forming relationships with selected companies in the united states whose products complement what kwbt is already doing in china . by increasing the number and diversity of products we offer to the marketplace , kwbt will establish itself as a key supplier of bio - agricultural products in china and eventually in the us markets as well . ' ' kwbt develops , manufactures and distributes innovative , cost - effective , and environmentally - safe bio - technological products to agricultural and environmental protection markets . the company ' s goal is to have people in china and elsewhere in the world eat healthier , drink cleaner and live longer . the company is a pioneer in commercialization of biotechnology , havingan offshore manufacturing base in shandong province , china and distributing bio - tech products worldwide . this press release contains information that constitutes forward - looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . any such forward - looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results described within the forward - looking statements . risk factors that could contribute to such differences include those matters more fully disclosed in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . the forward - looking information provided herein represents the company ' s estimates as of the date of the press release , and subsequent events and developments may cause the company ' s estimates to change . the company specifically disclaims any obligation to update the forward - looking information in the future . therefore , this forward - looking information should not be relied upon as representing the company ' s estimates of its future financial performance as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release . for more information on kwbt and its products , please refer to the website at : hereno more craftsperson delay ravine particle eclipse enzyme axe episode housework pocketful furtive guillemot beloit paleozoic scab moscow denudation startle byroad puerile emboss 
2	Subject: naked male celebrities from a to z . you must of heard by now that about 3 years ago when paris was a mere 19 year old , she allowed her then - boyfriend rick solomon to tape a little xxx home footage , ala pam tommy style ! and of course , that same boyfriend is seeking to make a little profit for himself now that times are tough so he has sold the footage which you can get at our site .  
2	Subject: time sensitive : executive impact & influence program survey * * * reminder * * * we have not yet received your feedback . your input is very valuable and to be included in the participant ' s summary report , it must be received no later than close of business on friday , february 9 . without your feedback , the participant may not receive a summary report or be eligible to attend the program . * immediate action required - do not delete * executive impact & influence program dear vince kaminski , as part of the executive impact and influence program , each participant is asked to gather input on the participant ' s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager , each direct report , and up to eight colleagues / peers . you have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program . your input ( i . e . , a self assessment , if you are a participant in this program , manager assessment , direct report assessment , or colleague / peer assessment ) will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his / her management styles and practices . if you are providing feedback as a manager of the participant , please note that your feedback will be identified in the summary report . it is important that you complete this assessment no later than close of business on friday , february 9 . to begin the online administration process , you will need the following internet address and password ( s ) . note : if you are providing feedback for more than one person , each password and participant name is individually listed below . open your internet browser e . g . , internet explorer or netscape navigator , and please type or copy the url address below into your internet browser ( please do not go through lotus notes ) : www . fsddatasvc . com / enron h 73 m 9 a ( anthony mends ) if you experience technical problems , please call dennis ward at fsd data services , 713 - 942 - 8436 . if you have any questions about this process , you may contact debbie nowak at enron , 713 - 853 - 3304 , or christi smith at leadership research institute / keilty , goldsmith & company , 619 - 216 - 0404 . thank you for your participation . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012809 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: re : august 2000 estimated availabilities co - owners volumes included , plus please note he will be sending revisions this afternoon for all other pipes . beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 07 / 27 / 2000 02 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " steve holmes " 07 / 27 / 2000 02 : 04 pm to : cc : subject : re : august 2000 estimated availabilities attached are the co - owners volumes . i will furnish revised devon volumes this afternoon . i noticed you have a pvr of 10 % on the american central volumes . chad cass at duke says this should be closer to 22 % . the 10 % applies to mcf . thanks , steve > > > 07 / 27 / 00 01 : 52 pm > > > good afternoon . . . . do you have any co - owners volumes yet ? or any revisions from the previous e - mail ? thanks , beverly - 0800 co - owners volumes to enron . xls 
2	Subject: briefing robert johnston on metals vince , sorry , i was not able to take your call this morning , to avoid distractions i was editing a technical coner article on ppp out of my office . last friday , i called robert johnston immediately after you told me to contact him to brief him on nonferrous metals . i let him know that i was scheduled to speak about metals in our research meeting on october 12 th . i also talked with him a few weeks ago that i would like to meet with him and scott tholan to brief them on metals . robert did not arrange the meeting . i arranged a meeting for 10 : 30 tomorrow to take them both through the metals fundametals speech . the london metals confererence sounds great , since i have five years experience in metals fundamental analysis and pricing , i would also like to attend . many of my new research group customers are asking for my expertise in this new business for enron . i could certainly help our customers better by getting the latest information on metals . please let me know if this is ok with you . regards , maureen 
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq ioqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq toois will significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deal packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / 0 rderdrugs . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / 0 rderdrugs . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: dates for your evening event hope this helps i am out of town on the 20 / 21 of april so not able to make it friday or saturday the 27 th / 28 th of april are fine saturday the 5 th is ok ( not the prime choice as frank ' s flight gets in from the offsite at 6 pm that night unless he changes it or comes straight to your house - which i am willing to make him do ) we are out of the weekend of the 11 th and 12 th and ok any other time in may beth 
2	Subject: your guide to a new job job search 102 we have done all the research for you . are you out of work ? thinking about making a job change ? having a hard time finding a good job ? jobs are hard to find . learning how to find them is not . the more you know about how to find a job , the easier the search . job search 102 : what they did not teach you in 101 is your link to a new job . there is much more ! find out why you are having a hard time finding a job and learn how to get the job you have been looking for . this e - book will give you a genuine edge in today?ffff 92 s competitive job market . you will get tons of practical advice on topics such as dealing with job loss , resume writing , networking techniques , interviewing and negotiating . after you read this book , you will be better prepared to launch a successful job search campaign . if you were laid off , pushed out of your last job on an early retirement program , or are simply dissatisfied with your current job and want to make a change , you will benefit from job search 102 . this book will truly assist you in your employment quest . we have done years of research on how to find jobs and we are giving you the results of our efforts . so why wait ? do not waste any more valuable time . do not delay . get going on your job search , start working and making money now . click here to learn more about job search 102 : what they did not teach you in 101 . if you do not wish to receive our job search mailings , please click here to unsubscribe from our mailing list .  
2	Subject: italian - crafted rolex - only 65 - 140 buddy hi , thank you for expressing interest in genuine replicas watches . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : www . warehousetimes . com for all orders placed in the month of february , all shipping and handling charges will be free . as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : 1 . rolex 2 . blancpain 3 . fortis 4 . jaeger lecoutre 5 . longines 6 . mont blanc 7 . movado 8 . oris 9 . roger dubuis 10 . ulysse 11 . zenith 12 . audemar piguet 13 . breitling 14 . bvglari 15 . cartier 16 . corum 17 . dunhill 18 . franck muller 19 . gerard perregaux 20 . iwc 21 . iwc 22 . panerai 23 . patek philippe 24 . tag heuer 25 . vacheron constantin if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at : www . warehousetimes . com i certainly look forward to hearing from you . best regards , mike sales manager genuine replicas you received this email because your have previous purchased from , or inquired about our product line under genuine replicas . if you do not want to receive further mailings from genuine replicas , unsubscribe by sending an email with the title heading : delete in the subject line to unsubscribe @ waretimes . com please note to send all reply e - mail direct to our sales representative at : questions @ warehousetimes . com 
2	Subject: press release - immediate distribution communique - franais disponible ici if you have received this email by error , let us know below from : orientation - canada date : september 21 , 2004 object : canadian government grants repertory 2004 - 2005 rpertoire de subventions canada - qubec 2004 - 2005 re : toronto ( cp ) june 02 , 2004 $ 18 billions ( $ ) of dollars are handed out ( by ottawa ) each year in grants and loans of all kinds according to mr stephen harper , speaking at the toronto chamber of commerce ( ) * * * press release * * * newly revised , the most complete repertory of grants , loans and expert - assistance programs available in canada ever published , with over 300 to 450 pages and containing more then 6 , 500 regularly updated programs , are now available for those seeking financial help . it also includes a colourful electronic version and an exceptional update service via the internet . see the ebookpro demo here . info : 819 - 327 - 2962 more than simple directories the wonderful 2004 - 05 publications are the research tools by excellence because they allied the printed manual with the latest technology and avant - garde digital functions . great package deals now offered in three package deals , they each include : a publication printed on ( 98 - w ) quality paper , a twelve - month professional update service that keeps members instantly informed of new available programs and , a digitized version of the guide presented as a full - colour ebookpro document . e - books with hyperlinks the practical electronic version comes with an integrated mini search engine and direct access hyperlinks to the websites offering the programs for faster results in your research . in some cases , the price of the publication could be tax - deductible . a special french language repertory is available for the province of quebec only . a brand new american grants version is also available . it is now possible to get any package directly from our web - site or by mail , fax or phone information : ( 819 ) 327 - 2962 ext . 235 www . orientationcanada . net legal deposit issn 1710 - 5382 issn 1710 - 5404 issn 1712 - 2619 library archives canada quebec national library * distributors are welcome product elaborated by : shawbridge - media in conformity with the can - spam act 2003 - 04 and the web trust of ac the electronic addresses of our clients are kept strictly confidential and are never communicated to any third party . if you are no longer interested in receiving your annual update notice of grants , loans and subsidies available or if you have received this email by error , then please let us know here . your email address will be removed from our privileged clients list in less than 48 hours . pour vous dsinscrire , merci de vous rendre ici :  
2	Subject: potential accommodation hi , brent i have a potential house for you to see if you are interested . it is very large and is in a beautiful location right near hampstead heath . the current occupiers are moving out most likely at the beginning of april and enron holds the lease until the end of june . the commute is approx 35 mins to the office . it is in an incredible area and is very spacious with a large garden so i would recommend seeing it . cost is ol 400 p / w plus i would need to arrange furniture which would not be a problem . are you interested and if so , can you see it on tuesday afternoon ? if so , what time would be best ? sorry i can ' t offer it to you , sally , but we won ' t have it long enough unless the landlord would allow us to extend which is a possiblity . regards tara 
2	Subject: somebody you know is incuring better because of it this chemicals cardinal of the planetary ' s most broadly prescribed antidepressants ; it has been established for many more than 90 million humans international . person you know is acquiring improved because of this product . learn more  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: lavorato louise - here is the start to the profile for john . there is no real background info on him . did he grow up in canada ? what are his personal interests and family situation ? john lavorato " for the record " in just over 8 fast - paced years , john lavorato has evolved from an mba student at northwestern university to president and ceo of enron americas . joining enron in 1993 as an associate , he moved up the ranks quickly . he moved to calgary and performed many functions for enron canada that included leading the trading operation from january 1995 and the origination business from january 1998 . after successfully growing the canadian trading and origination business into a major contributor to enron corp . , he was named president and ceo of enron canada corp in 1999 . 
2	Subject: fyi : enron  the best hi vince . i spoke with molly mcgee down in hr - we are getting the paperwork together . i will send you those candidates we talked about next . just to let you know why i contacted you . . . every student at the better universities including those in the uk - ask either for you or enron . i saw enron was voted the best company to work for out of 10 in the world andthere are countless articles in the financial times on enron . for this i am thankful to know you now ! did you know why my grandfather changed his name from wesloski to wesley ? . . . when he came from poland to work as an autoworker in detroit . . . there was alot of anti - polish sentiment and he was beaten and intimidated to the point where he was afraid for his life and the saftey of the family . he then changed the name to the english derivative from wesloski to " wesley " . nevertheless , they kicked his teeth out of his mouth and beat him senseless many times . i may change it back . . . i don ' t know . ok - i will get everything together for you and molly ! thank you for the opportunity to work with you vince and enron . thank you , jeff * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * - private 9498132241 . pdf 
2	Subject: visiting enron dr . kaminski , i would like to thank you very much for taking care of amy and me during our trip to houston . what i saw at enron communication was nothing short of revolutionary . more than that , i was impressed with the drive of the people , their kindness , and their proficiency . i look forward to meeting you again in stanford during the last weekend of february . i will send you an email next week , so that we can arrange a meeting between you and prof . bambos . all the best wishes , giuseppe - - : : giuseppe a paleologo : : http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ gappy " what a waste it is to lose one ' s mind . or not to have a mind is being very wasteful . how true that is . " - vice president dan quayle winning friends while speaking to the united negro college fund , 5 / 9 / 89 - 
2	Subject: yyyy , do you know the hgh differences ? hello , jm @ netnoteinc . comhuman growth hormone therapy lose weight while building lean muscle massand reversing the ravages of aging all at once . remarkable discoveries about human growth hormones ( hgh ) are changing the way we think about aging and weight loss . lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging increased libidoduration of penile erectionhealthier bones improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance visit our web site and learn the facts : click hereyou are receiving this email as a subscr - in amerig lisve yoursts , just click here 
2	Subject: skydive spaceland specials skydive spaceland ? ? november - december specials www . skydivespaceland . com this one  , s for you  (  ( . " i  , ve always wanted to skydive , but i just can  , t afford it . " now you can ! for the rest of the year , skydive spaceland will knock $ 50 off your first tandem skydive . now it  , s affordable ! no more excuses . come on out and change your life forever . make your reservations now . call 1 ( 800 ) sky - dive ? ? christmas gift certificates if you  , re looking at a gift for someone who seems to have it all , give them the most unforgettable gift of a lifetime  ( a tandem skydive ! we have a classic gift certificate , framed and ready for shipment for that special person . make this christmas season last a lifetime . directions - from houston take hwy 288 south - once you pass beltway 8 go 17 miles on hwy 288 and take 1462 ( alvin / rosharon ) exit . - go right on fm 1462 ( 2 . 1 miles ) to red light ( fm 521 ) - go right on fm 521 ( 1 / 2 mile ) - airport entrance is on right 
2	Subject: try it ouut hello , welcome to pharmon contention line tarbrush shop - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shop classical s slatternly v inexplicit g siliceous al bandit ll provincialize la fruity rac thence l i enamel sv chrome a u conjuncture m andmanyother . - s admonition ave over 50 % - worldwide shlppln enthralling g - total confidentiai historian ity - over 5 miiii messieurs on customers in 130 countries heavenly have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: download popular christmas music hello sorry this took so long to send this is the link to the website you wanted to see . http : / / www . thefilecompany . com / shwk . html let me know if you like it take care dalton guthrie  
2	Subject: ut interviews dear ut team : here are the logistics for this week ' s events : hotel : double tree guest suites 303 w . 15 th st . ( 512 ) 923 - 8600 beth atkinson : 85791601 ( 2 nights ) jay boudreaux : 84493393 ( 1 night ) dub morris : 80823857 ( 1 night ) michael howe : 80564337 ( 1 night ) cedric burgher : 85009041 ( 2 nights ) rick causey : 80807217 ( 2 nights ) chris chenoweth : 88182865 ( 1 night ) kim chick : 82923057 ( 1 night ) shilpa mane : 82119953 ( 1 night ) mike deville : 83697841 ( 2 nights ) mason hamlin : 82150673 ( 1 night ) mark lindsey : 87629553 ( 2 nights ) zac mccarroll : 83724433 ( 1 night ) brent price : 82907089 ( 1 night ) darlene regan : 84252721 ( 2 nights ) hunter shively : 83967601 ( 2 nights ) tuesday , october 3 pre interview reception 6 - 9 p . m . shoreline grill ( 512 ) 477 - 3300 98 san jacinto blvd . ( near the intersection of brazos and cesar chavez ) business casual attire after the reception we will have a brief meeting to distribute resumes and discuss round 1 procedures wednesday , october 4 round 1 interviews we will meet in the hotel lobby at 7 : 15 am and car - pool to campus interviews are scheduled to begin promptly at 8 am 8 am - 3 pm ford career center ( business building at 21 st and speedway ) * * nicer than business casual attire ( for example , gentlemen should wear either a tie or a jacket ) after the interviews , we will have a brief team meeting to discuss which candidates will be invited to round 2 interviews round 1 interviewers : brent price , darlene regan , cedric burgher , hunter shively , stan dowell , jay boudreaux , rick causey , mark lindsey , mike deville , beth atkinson , dub morris , beth apke , still need 1 interviewer round 1 greeters : kim chick , zac mccarroll , mason hamlin wednesday evening : 6 : 00 pm dinner with summer candidates at z tejas ( 1110 6 th st . ) ( 512 / 478 - 5355 ) reservations made under " enron " thursday , october 5 round 2 interviews we will meet in the lobby of the hotel at 7 : 15 am and car - pool to campus interviews are scheduled to begin promptly at 8 am 8 am - ? ? ? ford career center * * nicer than business casual attire ( for example , gentlemen should wear either a tie or a jacket ) after the interviews , everyone is free to go round 2 interviewers : rick causey , mark lindsey , mike deville , sally beck , hunter shively , darlene regan , cedric burgher , michael howe , beth atkinson round 2 greeters : shilpa mane , christopher chenoweth i can be reached on my cell phone should you have any questions : 281 / 793 - 1097 thank you for your help ! ! ! ! lexi 
2	Subject: when we say free , we mean free ! total turnkey system ! high quality leads fromproven mail houses ! attractive invitations with a 2 - 3 % average response ! toll - free reservation hotline for seminar attendees ! nationally tested - compliance approved materials ! professional , entertaining informative powerpoint presentations ! free multi - media loaner equipment including lap - top projector ! two fool proof appointment systems 50 % response ratio ! free full two days of complete training ! continuous coaching fromexperienced seminar presenters ! attendance at your seminars by your own seminar coach ! large range of top companies products to work with ! no commission reductions , splits or lower contracts ! paid premium counts towards eligibility for 5 - star , in - season trips ! co - op dollars available ! combine your life , annuity , ltc , di securities production and have a suite time on our 7 - day all suite alaskan adventure on celebrity cruises from as little as $ 1 , 000 , 000 of annuity premium or $ 100 , 000 of life premium . no case minimums ! * call or e - mail us today for your free demo disc ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * see trip brochure for qualification levels and full details . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: generic vi @ gra special offer ! you don ' t need to make large orders to get the product at this price per dose . all the prices mentioned are retail prices ! one time discount order for clal 1 s ! today its only $ 3 . 20 per dose . pack 1 : generic clal 1 s , 10 x 20 mg only $ 68 . 00 tadalafil pack 2 : generic clal 1 s , 20 x 20 mg tadalafil only $ 129 . 00 special offer ! these prices are valid until 10 th of december ! cialls discount order one time discount order for vlagr @ ! today its only $ 0 . 95 per dose . generic vi @ gra , 24 x 100 mg : regular tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 46 . 00 soft tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 60 . 00 regular + soft tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 54 . 00 vl @ gra discount order   
2	Subject: we focus on oem and retail box for microsoft , adobe , macromedia , corel , symantec and more . the world ' s best software for research , science and engineering . haste in every business brings failures . gratitude is the memory of the heart . 
2	Subject: sometimes i like bending over in a short skirt with no panties html head titleeuro sex parties - the only way to travel europe ! / title meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 style type  text / css ! - - . biofont { font - family : tahoma , verdana ; font - size : 12 px ; } . storyfont { font - family : tahoma , verdana ; font - size : 10 px ; } . filefont { font - family : tahoma , verdana ; font - size : 16 px ; color : # ffffff ; } - - / style style type  text / css ! - - . joinborder { border : lpx solid # 4 ba 4 f 4 ; } . galleryborder { border - top - width : lpx ; border - right - width : lpx ; border - bottom - width : lpx ; border - left - width : lpx ; border - top - style : none ; border - right - style : none ; border - bottom - style : solid ; border - left - style : none ; border - bottom - color : # 000000 ; } . downloadl { font - family : tahoma , verdana ; font - size : 16 px ; text - decoration : underline ; } - - / style / head body bgcolor  # 333333 text  # ffffff link  # ffffff vlink  # ffffff alink  # 3399 ff leftmargin  0 topmargin  0 marginwidth  0 marginheight  0  0 it table width  750 border  0 align  center cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 class  galleryborder tr td width  25 background  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / graphic _ side - bg . gif bgcolor  # 000000 br / td td width  700 align  center bgcolor  # 233153 table width  702 border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 tr td rowspan  3 width  279 img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex _ . jpg width  279 height  154 / td td width  58 / td td width  359 height  154 rowspan  3 align  center background  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex _ galmov - top _ 03 . jpgtextarea name  textfield style  background - color : # ffffff ; background - repeat : repeat ; background - attachment : scroll ; font - style : normal ; font - variant : normal ; font - weight : normal ; font - size : 8 pt ; font - family : tahoma ; color : # 000000 ; width : 321 ; height : 140 ; background - position : 0 % rows  1 cols  20 after a nice speed like trip across the autobahn , we stopped by nikkis place . she had a friend over that was more then ready to have extra company . after discussing who did more driving , the girls had a better topic to talk about which was a way more entertaining . get ready for the # 1 group bang reality video site as a car load of babe hungry american fraternity brothers take a european vacation . traveling across the autobahn and the euro rail in search of fresh undiscovered european beaver . . . . these dudes find the peter loving girls with the cutest accents ( some don ' t even speak english ) and get them into mega gang bangs like you ' ve never seen . not just 3 somes . . . we ' re talking 3 somes , 4 somes . . . shit you might even stumble upon a 7 some . . . . this is some really extreme shit . . . total gang bang action . this is euro sex parties , a massive downloadable online collection of groupsex gangbang euro sex movies in mpeg asf formats . updated every single week with another sex party movie straight from europe and onto our servers . youve never seen hardcore like this , so check out these free sample pics and get your ass inside for the full length videos . / textarea nbsp ; / td / tr tr td width  58 / td / tr tr td width  58 / td / tr tr align  center td height  48 colspan  3 background  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / graphic _ bar . jpg width  700 a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html class  filefontstrongenter here to view all of our euro sex gangbang party videos / strong / a / td / tr / table table border  0 cellpadding  2 tr align  center td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - 1 . jpg / a / td td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - 2 . jpg / a / td td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - 5 . jpg / a / td td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - 3 . jpg / a / td / tr tr align  center td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - 6 . jpg / a / td td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - a . jpg / a / td td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - b . jpg / a / td td a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html img height  106 width  160 border  2 src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / _ nikki - e . jpg / a / td / tr / table img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / graphic _ . gif width  675 height  29 vspace  2 br span class  of this video : / strong em 38 minutes / em gt ; gt ; gt ; a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . html class  downloadlfont color  # 6699 ffdownload / fontfont color  # ffffo 0 strongentire video / strong / fontfont color  # 6699 ff here / font / a / span br img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / graphico . gif width  671 height  29 vspace  2 img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / graphicl . gif width  640 height  16 br table width  582 border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 tr td img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex 3 . jpg width  102 height  85 / td td img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex 4 . jpg width  94 height  85 / td td img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex 5 . jpg width  94 height  85 / td td img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex 6 . jpg width  94 height  85 / td td img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex 7 . jpg width  99 height  85 / td td img src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / eurosex 8 . jpg width  99 height  85 / td / tr / table span class  biofontwe add all new euro gangbang / groupsex videos every single week - all movies are available in mpeg amp ; asf format / spanbr a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / index . htmlimg src  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / graphic 2 . gif width  563 height  59 vspace  2 border  0 / abr br br / td td width  25 background  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / 0108040 _ nd _ esp / graphic _ side - bg . gif bgcolor  # 000000 nbsp ; / td / tr / table p align  center br br font face  verdana size  1 eliminate yourself from your database by entering your address a href  http : / / 69 . 63 . 161 . 44 / removals / mea / index . htmlherebr / aif you ' d like to call me to verbally delete your address , please do so at font color  # ffffo 0 1 - 808 - 347 - 1880 / fontbr my name is david and if i am at my desk i will take your call . please note that local and long distance charges apply . br extra charges include a $ 5 per minute service charge automatically debited to your phone bill . / font p align  center br br / p / body / html  
2	Subject: new noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 14 / 2000 11 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 14 / 2000 09 : 51 : 52 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : new noms ( see attached file : hpl - feb . xls ) - hpl - feb . xls 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language ! best reqards , lyndsey  
2	Subject: access to 300 pharmaceuticals online ! ( including valium ) l l l 300 il l with no prescrlption . * erilneeded * * * * shipped overnight * p here f more if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . invasive cryptographer embroidery scare crescendo phosphorylate rowboat smokestack rotary migrate andre cairn injunct aisle ronnie becloud drophead airfoil aldrich utopia eccles presumed excoriate gunther drizzle fossil prod histamine creosote previous imprimatur striven bladderwort filmy forfeit plump glut conveyance albumin secrete pursuant tallow invite descant brooke apex amnesia amphibology triphenylphosphine peggy dryad brontosaurus coltish sunshade collegian numismatic practitioner chair doorbell tapa addison godlike voluptuous alcott scold operon peacemake waist artichoke beset nameable aerobacter summarily lawbreaker thimble chopin gallup trident differentiable bulky unimodular may hindrance jet lunchtime crossarm hearsay pillory dunedin pend laity scarce demagnify progeny summary cliche harbinger pedagogue burr electrolysis given pat barnyard corp daly independent breach farsighted mitral bazaar indeterminacy call chutney craze rca confidential lifetime anteroom eeoc mahayana pencil maidenhair velasquez coauthor dangerous anew keyhole melody roberto troop adjectival sirius insolvent detach verbose donaldson equatorial skeletal conflagrate won ' t chalk guam allah concrete de collusion dichotomize gloucester rutledge quarrel voluble formula stadia fond variable muzzle testate ben turnover sadie marquess disparage bluestocking isaac wholesome angle captious shirt commit spinodal setscrew cellular abelian coccidiosis nary eagle dollop springboard mythic rhodolite acerbic bridgeport burgher good crass disruption cheer french  
2	Subject: look ! y o u are a w i n n e r here ! - don ' t miss out ! ! 6113 y o u r last chance for y o u r $ 3000 . 00 income per week ! give me 5 minutes , and i ' ll show you how to flood your bank account with serious cash , did you make $ 12 , 000 last month if not , you need to join us today ! - free turnkey marketing system ( a $ 2500 value ) - free ready - to - use " order - pulling " ads & sales letters - earn $ 1 , 000 cash on each and every sale to infinity ! - work from home and live the " 1 - minute " commute - plug into our duplicate - able 3 - step success system - you receive full live support ! for free ! - secure your financial freedom starting today - buy your dream house and dream car ! - amazing support system guarantees you to succeed ! - everybody is a prospect - 100 % cash machine ! - everybody can do it ! no hype ! all legal ! usa and canada only ! request more free info now ! send an email to : plutoristal @ excite . com with " send info " in the subject line ! ! ( do not click reply ! ) to remove , please send an email with " remove " in the subject line to the same email address ( above ) . - - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: tl get 200 $ for free no more  
2	Subject: great prices on generic viagra - worldwide shipping . hi , we have an offer for you . buy viagra through our online store . the product is called zenegra ( generic viagra ) . it helps men obtain and maintain an erection . men that do not have impotence problems report that z _ e _ n _ e _ g _ r _ a increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . - private online ordering - no prescription required - world wide shipping - much lower prices than in normal pharmacies order your drugs offshore and save over 70 % ! check it out : http : / / www . v - lineinc . com / genv / ? index no thanks : http : / / v - lineinc . com / rm . html  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? replica watches ?  genuine reproductions wrist watches i have next trade names available likewise : bvlgari vacheron constantin blancpain alain silberstein tudor  
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , oiliehood _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: your meeting on the 14 th medic @ l help generlc meds are ldentlcal to branded types ! hassle - free ordering from the most trusted name on the net check out our complete lnventory new - vlcod 1 n new - phentermlne generlc v * 1 agra generlc c * 1 alls branded x * enlcal generlc m * erld 1 a generlc p * ropecla generlc g * lucophage generlc v * 10 xx generlc c * elebrex generlc p * axll generlc z * 0 loft generlc l * 1 pltor order now free shlpp 1 ng ln october r * e * m * * 0 v * e me alva homelanddeferred cottrell uterinecord area stockroomschwab bugle postprocessordiscussion 
2	Subject: re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16 marty : how many do we need to enroll in order to bring the class to enron ? thanks ! shirley marty chrisman @ enron 01 / 25 / 2001 04 : 58 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16 ok . the discounted rate applies regardless of numbers enrolled per class . marty shirley crenshaw @ ect 01 / 25 / 2001 02 : 45 pm to : marty chrisman / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16 marty : vince wants to wait and see how many actually need this training before we enroll anymore from his group . right now tanya and rabi are all that have approval . i will let you know if we decide to do more . thanks for all of your assistance . shirley marty chrisman @ enron 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 46 am to : twolfe @ propoint . com cc : ahmad farooqi / enron @ enronxgate , jared lane / na / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16 please enroll the following in the java class in houston , feb 12 - 16 ahmad farooqi , jared lane tanya tamachenko rabi de ahmad & jared are application developers . tanya & rabi are in the research group . i may have one or more names to submit and will send those to you as soon as i get them thank you , marty chrisman 713 - 853 - 4567 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: hl & p attached are the most recent numbers . 
2	Subject: re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 33 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i ' ll get you a price tomorrow when i meet with him . . . from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 50 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i spoke with bob dorcheus , brandywine about this issue and he suggest you and he get together and agree on a price because the gas flowed into the plant . this gas flowed without a nomination . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes on meter # 1266 for 7 / 1 / 00 and 7 / 31 / 00 are valid gas flow . 7 / 1 / 00 volumes are carry over from june activity ( meter was shut in a little after 9 : 00 am on 7 / 1 / 00 ) . 7 / 31 / 00 volumes were caused by the plant bringing on the meter before 9 : 00 am on 8 / 1 / 00 . if you have any questions please call . 36449 . thanks gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 17 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please verify the volume on meter # : 1266 for july lst & 31 st are valid gas flow . brandywine did not nominate any activity at this meter for july 2000 . 
2	Subject: stay in touch louise , stay in touch . i expect i ' ll be out of here pretty soon . our contact details just in case you don ' t have them are : beech coppice woodland way kingswood tadworth surrey kt 20 6 nw tel + 44 ( 0 ) 1737 830513 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 1737 830581 e - mail : matthew . scrimshaw @ btinternet . com hope you all get back ok . matthew 
2	Subject: bankruptcy sally - we didn ' t really cover the role you intended to play with ees and ebs as far as doorstep is concerned when we met with causey / buy . ( or i just can ' t remember . ) may we include ees and ebs in the scope of our one doorstep project , and continue to work with shona , also coordinating with wanda and barry when ees and ebs are involved ? things like the event below might make us re - consider our need to visit " origination " offices . i don ' t think this office was on any of our lists . cassandra . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 01 / 02 / 2001 02 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vladimir gorny @ ect 01 / 02 / 2001 02 : 35 pm to : cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : bankruptcy ltv steel , a counterparty of clinton gas , which is a subsidiary of ees went bankrupt . ees exposure is ~ $ 6 million . this transaction has not been approved by the credit group and it seems that they have little clue about enron ' s processes and procedures . i believe clinton gas is located in dublin , ohio and suggest that it be included on the door step list . vlady . 
2	Subject: energy operations conference 2000 patti , here is the information you requested for the conference in october . i listed the information i will need to make final booking arrangements on the first spreadsheet . there is a spreadsheet for dates - locations , directions , and conference package info . . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . call me after you review , so we can get together to finalize details . thank you , julissa marron , x 58336 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , seeblackweil _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: ignore vi - ag - ra , cia - lis is the best ! hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / cghjkbdeil . vinetka - m . info / ? afmilxtnqycghjkzctbde love dickheadchance wonder xxxx sherry godjimbo miki symbol alphal tarzan cobra prof light warriors montreal designpromethe timber advil raptor canela rambol catfish amelieconcept tootsie basket blowfish bmwpearl polo tattoo memory t - bone tiffany  
2	Subject: cdnow order confirmation dear daren , thank you for shopping at cdnow . this email is to confirm your order number 17817331 . to check the status of this order or to make any changes , click or copy / paste this link into your web browser : http : / / cdnow . com / myorder / otid  17817331 you can also access your order history directly from our home page . you have ordered the following item : robert earl keen : walking distance ( cd ) this will ship via u . s . postal service . the shipping address for this order is : daren farmer 5519 clarkston ln spring , tx 77379 your order total is $ 15 . 98 . get a free $ 10 cdnow gift certificate when you buy anything on bolt ! click below for details . limit one per customer . offer is good till 3 / 31 . free motorola startac or nokia 5160 with at & t plans . go to telstreet . com for great wireless deals in your area . one year agreement required for free phones - click for details ! please do not reply to this email . if you have questions about your order that are not addressed in your online order history , please visit our contact cdnow page using this link : http : / / cdnow . com / service this order is worth 130 fast forward rewards ( tm ) program points . these " points pending " will appear in your membership summary as " points earned " after your order has shipped . thanks again for shopping at cdnow . sincerely , customer service cdnow , inc . your music . your store . http : / / cdnow . com aol keyword : cdnow 1757978 
2	Subject: get a costco gold membership . this is one of the best memberships you can get . visit here . wqxtxqft 
2	Subject: re : nomination - 2 - 23 - 2000 we can ' t increase fuels cotton valley right now . please assume nom of 60 , 000 mmbtu w / 53 , 000 going to pg & e for 24 th . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec on 02 / 23 / 2000 11 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren . j . farmer @ enron . com on 02 / 23 / 2000 11 : 20 : 21 am to : bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : re : nomination - 2 - 23 - 2000 bruce , i need to hold the deliveries to 60 , 000 for 2 / 24 . i ' m somewhat limited on my transport right now . i will look into the possibility of increasing the volume , though . if you can increase the deliveries at fuels cotton valley , that will work . daren " bruce mcmills " on 02 / 23 / 2000 09 : 11 : 07 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com , briley @ enron . com , " chad w . cass " , " donna c . spencer " , " william e . speckels " cc : " michael r . cherry " subject : nomination - 2 - 23 - 2000 i meant 2 / 24 / 2000 as the effective date of this nom . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec on 02 / 23 / 2000 09 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bruce mcmills 02 / 23 / 2000 08 : 55 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com , briley @ enron . com , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec cc : michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec subject : nomination - 2 - 23 - 2000 please incerease deliveries to eastrans to 65 , 000 mmbtu / d eff 2 / 23 / 2000 . 7 , 000 will come from fuels cotton valley . maintain sale of 500 mmbtu / d . increase pg & e nom to 58 , 000 mmbtu / d . the agreement provides for up to 60 , 000 mmbtu at our option . brian riley needs to approve the increase to 65 , 000 mmbtu / d . 
2	Subject: get tramadol . its the strongest pain killer out ! tramadol hydrochloride tablets help relieve different types of pain . tramadol is the generic form of ultram . tranadol hydrochloride tablets is a prescription medication indicated for the management of moderate to severe pain . this is just as good a vicodin or codiene or any of the other well know pain fixes . give it a try and you will be glad you did ! tramadol has been prescribed to more than 55 million patients worldwide .  
2	Subject: industry news would you ref inance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 3 . 07 % . have bad c [ r ] edit ? no problem ! low rates are fixed no matter what . fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : http : / / www . ez - rate . info / bud / the politicians dislike playing all day long . 
2	Subject: inbox fuller harder erectionsthe same as the one from pfizercheaper than ever no prescription needed generic vi . agr . a select the manufacturer you trust ! easy to buy ! delivery and shipping worldwide to change your mail preferences 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 19 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011917 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : netco employee i ' m not sure . i ' ll speak to him on monday and let you know . jr jr - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : rub , jenny sent : sat jan 05 12 : 43 : 25 2002 subject : re : netco employee why is he staying with the estate ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : saturday , january 05 , 2002 11 : 26 am to : rub , jenny ; jones , robert w . - hr exec cc : piper , greg ; barnard , marla ; kinningham , laura ; cox , paige ; dopson , lametrice ; slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ; davies , neil ; kitchen , louise subject : re : netco employee neil , please make switch on master list . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rub , jenny sent : saturday , january 05 , 2002 11 : 21 am to : oxley , david ; jones , robert w . - hr exec cc : piper , greg ; barnard , marla ; kinningham , laura ; cox , paige ; dopson , lametrice subject : netco employee steve harrington was on our original list to netco employees and he has asked to stay with the estate . therefore we wish to replace steve with jason mcnair . jason has agreed to make the switch . please let me know if you have any questions or issues with this request . thanks . jr 
2	Subject: that was best sez i have ever had ! wow , wow , wow this is just unbeliebable ! it is a patch , has same effect as traditional cialis ! performance in love life will increase by 300 - 600 % ! don ' t hesitate to improve and impress http : / / rz 3 e 23 fzf . com / cs / ? etechmedia have a nice day yhlms raauq hglymt ytrprd 
2	Subject: erisk interview vince : you may inteersted in the following interview which appeared on erisk . com last friday . were rick buy ' s comments about real options taken out of context ? yann bonduelle leads a 25 - person team for in london that applies decision analytics and real options theory to dilemmas ranging from valuing a biotechnology product to deciding whether to kill off an internet financial services business . here he talks to rob jameson about whether this " theoretical " approach to risky decision - making really helps businesses in their day - to - day balancing of risk and reward . yann holds a ph . d degree from the engineering - economic systems department at stanford university , where he studied how to apply engineering decision and design analysis to wider economic , social and business issues . he then worked as a consultant applying his decision analysis methodologies to problems that included consumer decision making about innovative products such as electrical vehicles , before joining the  team in 1998 where he is now a partner . he has written widely on the application of real options , particularly in fields of life sciences , technology , and e - business , and has a special interest in the relationship between risk assessment , validation of risk data and financial valuation . how would you sum up your approach to business decision analytics ? most of our projects are set up to help businesses that face massive uncertainties of some kind . decision analysis helps people explore problems , and redesign their decision - making process to increase the chance of them making the right choices . for example , imagine a biotechnology company that has to decide whether to put itself up for sale , enter a strategic relationship , or continue to go it alone . each of those options will lead on to other value - enhancing or value - destroying scenarios . we work with the client firstly to understand and challenge the assumptions associated with their most likely business development scenarios , and secondly to help them identify decisions that would help protect or increase the value of their technology or company . quantifying technical , regulatory or commercial risks can sometimes be a challenge . in technology - intensive fields , however , we have found that managers ( often scientists ) are quite willing to describe the main sources of risk and to assess the probability that a risky event may or may not occur . how does this kind of risky decision - making relate to real options valuation ? you can ' t say what the value of an asset is until you decide what you might use it for . this means that , to form an opinion about the value of an asset , you must explore the most important decisions that you are likely to face and that will have a significant impact on the value of the asset . so decision analysis helps to define the business problem and to uncover a stream of inter - related choices that are , in effect , " real options " . for example , if a company is trying to decide whether to invest in a risky project , does it have the option to pull the plug on the investment at an early stage if a pilot project gives a poor showing ? that " real " option reduces the riskiness , and increases the potential value , of the original business plan . so real options and decision analysis are really very close to one another . but you don ' t have to believe in real options valuations to find decision analysis useful . what do you mean ? often decision analysis can help managers to identify the key risks in a strategic decision , attach weights to these , and show clearly how they interact . for many companies this " risk discovery " is the most valuable part of the exercise . real options theory has been criticised recently for being , well , not very realistic . is it a practical approach to valuation ? it ' s important not to hold out unrealistic hopes for the real options approach to valuation . but it ' s an exciting methodology , and it ' s also sometimes the only reasonable way of tackling a very practical problem . for example , when a firm sells an asset , the firm might have to make an independent valuation of the asset for legal or corporate governance reasons . but in many businesses today there are assets that simply cannot be valued in traditional ways because they are difficult to link to cashflows . the cashflows might not exist because the business is so novel , or they might be hidden . in some respects , a real options analysis is much closer to reality than a traditional valuation . how , exactly ? the classic way of valuing a future business is to base the calculation on a single discounted cashflow that is projected from the activity . but this doesn ' t really take account of the way that scenarios can change , or the fact that managers can react to situations as they unfold . i mentioned earlier the option to kill a project or business at an early point . but the upside is that if a pilot project yields exciting results , it might allow you to invest more quickly and reach a revenue - generating position in a much shorter time than the original business plan allows . so to value a future business we really need to look at the cashflows that might arise in a number of scenarios . this is " realistic " in that , if the project gets the green light , you can bet that its managers will be taking that kind of decision on the ground all of the time . what ' s the most challenging part of mapping out a decision analysis tree ? modelling the links between the variables in the decision tree - - it ' s something we have particular strengths in . but it ' s also tricky to know when it ' s worthwhile to add on more detail , and when it ' s better to draw back . in a recent erisk interview , rick buy , chief risk officer of enron , said that over the two years that enron had experimented with the real options concept , it had found it of " limited , but not zero , use " . why is there a slight air of cynicism about real options in some businesses today ? it ' s strange that enron would profess this attitude . a few years ago , it was widely reported to have used real option valuation to support a very profitable purchase decision . they had apparently bought cheaply some older generators in the us that generated electricity at a very high cost . they knew that they could mothball them for most of the year , and switch them on only when the electricity prices were sufficiently high . nevertheless , from a customer ' s point of view , there might have been too much hype about the methodology . one problem in the application of real options technology is that there are , perhaps , too many people trying to tweak reality to conform to their " perfect " model . it ' s better to aim for something pragmatic that clearly improves decisions over time . in one pharmaceutical company we worked with recently , we worked together to improve their valuation analyses by moving from a single discounted cash - flow methodology to one that took into account a rather small set of business scenarios . it would have shocked some academics and consultants , but it was an undeniable improvement on the original approach . why do you think financial institutions are only just picking up on your field , when it ' s been applied in the energy industry for 15 years or more ? it might have something to do with the relative stability of the banking world until recently , and the relatively high margins that banking lines have enjoyed . also , industries such as energy and pharmaceuticals tend to have more people with an engineering and science background . the dynamic modelling of decisions is based on methodologies originally dreamed up to help engineers design electrical and electronic systems . this approach is quite distinct from the black - scholes options analyses that the banking world is familiar with : the black - scholes approach is difficult to apply in a real options context , because everything depends on the assumptions that you put into the black - scholes model . the real options approach , on the other hand , is in a sense a way of modelling those assumptions more explicitly . but banks are now adopting some of the thinking , particularly in terms of using decision analysis to pinpoint risks and identify value - enhancing decisions , and in using real options methodologies to sort the wheat from the chaff in their more speculative investments . you mean their internet investments ? we have recently worked with a major dutch bank that had arrived late in the internet game , and then made a considerable number of investments . now that even b 2 b business models have questions marks hanging over them , and many b 2 c businesses are already under water , they wanted to work out which investments might contain real value . in this situation , it ' s a case of ranking priorities and helping the bank make sense of what could turn into a decision - making chaos , rather than sophisticated valuation . it ' s not just a case of whether an internet investment should be killed off , but the problem of whether continued funding for it should take priority over budget demands for major it upgrades in existing businesses , and so on . these are very practical questions and they have to be answered somehow . are there other areas in financial institutions that seem accessible to this approach ? yes , for example , we think it can help work out the value associated with various approaches to marketing a new bank business line . at the moment , many banks are chasing high - net - worth individuals , but it ' s not always clear which kind of individual a particular bank should decide to pursue . the bank might have a regional or industry advantage already in one particular area , for example , music business people . but what is the churn rate associated with this kind of customer ? what is the profitability associated with the customer segment ? will the time and cost benefits of the advantages the bank has in the sector outweigh any disadvantages ? weighing up this kind of complex problem , where one thing leads to and depends on another , is what decision and real options analysis is good at . is there any way of rigorously backtesting or validating real options valuations ? in all honesty , not really . the problem is that by the time the option is exercised , many of the variables surrounding it will have changed , so it ' s difficult to compare our original analysis with how things turn out . however , the value of the analysis comes not only from the final number ( " the value of this asset is x " ) but also from providing a thorough process , an outsider ' s point of view , an understanding of the sources of value and , in short , a bit of clearer thinking . if real options are so important , why are they so rarely cited in communications to shareholders and equity analysts ? the battle is still to convince companies to use real option valuations as a significant part of their internal analysis . even in major companies in the oil & gas , and pharmaceutical sectors , where the ideas have taken some root internally , there seems to be a lot of reluctance to use them in external communication . we are working with analysts to understand better what they need to if we are to move things on to the next step . how does the riskiness of a business , in terms of the major strategic dilemmas it faces , relate to its share value , and its capital structure ? that ' s a big question . it ' s related to work my colleagues do on the optimal debt - to - equity capital structure and gearing of a corporation , which in turn arises out of the likely revenue and cost volatilities of the business . the more volatile the business , the less gearing it can sustain , and the higher the cost of capital . our work touches on this in the sense that exercising ( many ) specific real options can allow a firm to change its nature , and thus also its risk profile . one classic example is the pharmaceutical industry . a host of different kinds of companies service that industry from " big pharma " companies through to smaller biotechnology startups and run - of - the - mill contract research organisations . a contract research organisation is often operating within a very competitive environment with relatively few risks - - it does not invest in drug development itself - - but also very thin margins . but in fact , a few of these companies have used the skills and knowledge they have developed to become much more substantial and profitable healthcare companies of various kinds . it ' s an example of a company exercising the real options that lie within its skills and assets to transform its own identity . rob jameson , erisk 
2	Subject: start accepting credit cards remark international limited 50 w . dundee rd . wheeling , il 60090 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: microshit pro critical update - january 2 nd why make them r ! cher we might have just what you need : bundie 1 : w ! ndows x . p pro & office x * p pro only 80 8 o $ contact : http : / / we ' ve . cdsparadize . com / bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + fiash mx 20 o 4 - 100 doilars bundie 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , lliustrator lo - 120 doliars the offer is valid until | february 14 th stock is limited nice meeting you scottie kendall archivist chengzhi lfie science co . , ltd , 100083 , china phone : 584 - 735 - 7773 mobile : 657 - 521 - 7117 email : vuvecuxsyqcg @ airforce . net your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this freeware is a 5 [ 2 
2	Subject: attn : winning notification . british lottery headquarters : customer service , 28 tanfield road , croydon . london ref : kpc / 9080118308 / 02 / tca batch : 12 / 25 / 0034 attn : winning notification . we happily announce to you the draw of the british lottery international programs held on the 10 th of february , 2005 in london . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 564 75600545 188 with serial number 5388 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 31 - 6 - 26 - 13 - 35 - 7 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the category c . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million , five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) in cash credited to file kpc / 9080118308 / 02 / tca . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 75 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( seventy five million united state dollars shared amongst the first fifty ( 50 ) lucky winners in this grand category " c " . this year lottery program jackpot is the largest ever for british lottery . the estimated $ 75 million jackpot would be the sixth - biggest in u . k . history . the biggest was the $ 363 million jackpot that went to two winners in january 2004 drawing of the big game mega millions ' predecessor . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in our play coupon . in view of this , your us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million , five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) would be transferred to your designated bank account . our approved agent will immediately commence on the processing of your claims , to facilitate the release of your funds to you as soon as you make contact with them . all participants were selected randomly from ' world wide web ' site through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 companies . this promotion takes place annually . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you as required in this grand category " c " . this is a part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . please be warned . to file for your claim , kindly contact our fiduciary agent with the below details for processing of your claims . mr . robert clerk , foreign services manager , payment and release order department , gulf atlantics finance & securities , london , united kingdom . email : award _ prize @ look . com tel : + 44 - 704 - 011 - 2354 fax : + 44 - 709 - 286 - 1909 note that all claims process and clearance procedures must be duly completed early to avoid impersonation arising to the issue of double claiming . to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with us or our designated agent . congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this program . yours faithfully , mrs . claudia beckford . online zonal co - ordinator . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: re : vmi agreements ravi , maybe stinson can get on this conference call . i shall be at the office on thursday only this week . vince ravi thuraisingham @ enron communications on 02 / 20 / 2000 01 : 13 : 06 am to : vince kaminski , mark holsworth / corp / enron @ enron cc : laura beneville , kristy carnes / enron communications @ enron communications , kristy carnes / enron communications @ enron communications subject : re : vmi agreements hi vince , mark holsworth reviewed our contract on such a short notice . i thank mark for responding to our short - notice request . it turns out that we need to get this database to move forward on a number of things and have legal save some time for us is an excellent help . as mentioned below , it appears that pennwell ' s folks want to chat some more about this . mark , can you schedule a conference call with these people to finalise this contract . i will be out of town all week next week on a lock - down deal meeting . vince may be able to get on the conference call . i would greatly appreciate it if you could help us close this one ! regards , ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 20 / 00 12 : 38 am - - - - - russell @ pennwell . com 02 / 18 / 00 06 : 16 pm to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : toni . turnerbudd @ sbtglaw . com subject : re : vmi agreements ravi - i would like to schedule a conference call between you , me , pennwell ' s counsel ( toni turner budd ) , and enron ' s counsel to discuss your changes and finalize the kmi end - user license agreement . i propose that we have the conference call at 2 : 00 pm cst this monday , february 21 . please let me know if you are available at this time and , if not , propose an alternative time for the call . in addition , please provide me with a telephone number where i can reach you for the conference call . pennwell is looking forward to finalizing the license agreement and delivering the kmi data to enron . yours truly , russell iorio manager of business development pennwell corporation 1421 south sheridan road tulsa , ok 74112 russell @ pennwell . com ( 918 ) 831 - 9122 direct ( 918 ) 831 - 9476 fax - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net [ mailto : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net ] sent : thursday , february 17 , 2000 6 : 30 pm to : rmack @ kmicorp . com ; mpass @ kmicorp . com ; russell @ pennwell . com cc : kristina _ lund @ enron . net ; stinson _ gibner @ ect . enron . net ; vince _ kaminski @ enron . net ; earl _ harvey @ enron . net ; tracy _ williams @ enron . net subject : vmi agreements > hi richard , here is a marked up version from our lawyer . please have your people look at it and if it seems fine make the changes and send a signed copy back to me . ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 17 / 00 06 : 21 pm - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | mark | | | holsworth @ enr | | | on | | | | | | 02 / 17 / 00 | | | 04 : 10 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > - | | | | to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , | | gene diers / corp / enron @ enron | | cc : | | subject : vmi agreements | - | please find attached my redlining of the vmi agreelment . please review it and send it to the vendor for their review . ( see attached file : 2 - 14 - 2000 eula . doc ) 
2	Subject: is this sto - ck ready to blaze higher ? structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technoiogy company focused on the development & commerciaiization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and | ittie competition . symbo | : pgpu . pk current price : o . 68 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structura | technology aerofoammetals . com press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire a | | of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 50 o , ooo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficially owns 56 % of a | | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement immediateiy and to hoid a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing this | etter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profile : pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potentia | to mature into publiciy traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term specuiative potential as wel | as the potential for | ong term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! please fo | | ow this one trade tuesday ! ! nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment advice . although our empioyees may answer your general customer service questions , they are not | icensed under securities laws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice . we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in any security recommended to our readers . ail of our empioyees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine pubiication or 72 hours after the mailing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initia | recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company . to cance | by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply piease to : no _ morenewslettersl 0 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 20 o 5 investment newsletter a | | rights reserved 
2	Subject: do you care ? them kind so work game , meet . expect describe red , figure mother . atom try throw excite pattern . guess early , fill farm result twenty scale . three captain other study , above thus . wait nation kept every sent . new next , true shall time , temperature , some . change rather sound mother east up up . clock , too , world after . but , last , find where after inch , plant . your pound meat eye , had what talk . - - phone : 471 - 137 - 7601 mobile : 409 - 193 - 8124 email : stony @ verizon . net  
2	Subject: healthy reproductive life some testimonials : geoffrey - - - - 47 , male , uk what you claim is wrong . my sperm volume didn ' t increase by 500 % . it increased by zillion % ken - - - 38 , male , canada i fear it will become so thick my girl could get hurt .  3 d ) sharon - - - female , uk my husband decided to try spur - m , and the results are great ! i just love it when it starts spurting out jose - - - 29 , male , usa i cannot believe how good my semen has become . it is a thick blob that shoots like a rocket . my wife says she can feel the force with which my semen hits her inside , which earlier she couldn ' t even feel . i don ' t know about other customers but i am lovin it . michael - - - 41 , male , hong kong i always dreamt of shooting like a porn star and i can do it now , my girl cannot eat as much as i can shoot . my wife and i had been looking for a product to help with boosting male fertility . i am happy to say that test results have improved in the time i have been using spur - m ( 2 months ) . thank you for your assistance , and for the supply of spur - m m . rosenberg , nyc , usa http : / / ilene . dusked . net / spur / ? 897 not interested , go here http : / / costa . snorter . net / rm . php ? 897  
2	Subject: re : helsinki report fernley , generally , this seems to be fine . i think that steve and i would like to clarify the credit limit review issue . please see him for some semantical changes to that one line . regarding the expected / maximum exposure calculation , i believe that this is incredibly misleading and if not changed would be inclined to forward my own interpretation . we lost $ 18 mm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! - not $ 5 mm . i think that we should make a distinction between what has already been realized as opposed to what writedowns need to be taken , but it all better add up to $ 18 mm . regarding the additional exposures , my impression is that our true expectation for counterparty claims is close to zero while we do expect to terminate one or more employees which would incur severance cost . ted fernley dyson 01 / 31 / 2000 11 : 10 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : helsinki report dear all i ' ve been through the attached with steve young and mark frevert . would welcome any thoughts / comments . thanks fernley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by fernley dyson / lon / ect on 31 / 01 / 2000 17 : 02 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fernley dyson 31 / 01 / 2000 16 : 36 to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : helsinki report rick , the attached report is an updated version of the document we discussed on friday of last week . some of the numbers in the exposure analysis are still draft and i expect firm numbers in the next few hours . my aim would be to streamline this report for the presentation to joe sutton , but i would welcome your steer on how you plan to conduct the meeting and whether or not this format is appropriate . regards fernley 
2	Subject: listo 319 isranir @ rice . edu , demianen @ rice . edu , tbal 93 @ yahoo . com , maue @ rice . edu , loughrid @ rice . edu , jblantonjr @ yahoo . com , gjohnson @ rice . edu , emchombo @ rice . edu , nazareth @ rice . edu , vanstone @ rice . edu , ganguzza @ rice . edu , nelsonb @ rice . edu , sssmith @ rice . edu , wheelock @ rice . edu , westmore @ rice . edu , gaudette @ rice . edu , otaylor @ rice . edu , dikeman @ rice . edu , jettke @ rice . edu , litton @ rice . edu , chilkina @ rice . edu , helms @ rice . edu , wankhade @ rice . edu , monfan @ rice . edu , kostya @ rice . edu , pcp @ rice . edu , yueguo @ rice . edu , nlwbio @ rice . edu , zhangn @ rice . edu , rishad @ rice . edu , yoshiura @ rice . edu , howard @ rice . edu , dayangd @ rice . edu , wuwei @ rice . edu , so @ rice . edu , wooddy @ rice . edu , lamas @ rice . edu , tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com , hingoran @ rice . edu , planck @ rice . edu 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali listed software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best reqards , lauralee  
2	Subject: get discounted oem software from online store ! reach new customers on the internet and grow your business . . . with dynamic software , you can ! assassination is the extreme form of censorship . whatever it is , i fear greeks even when they bring gifts . 
2	Subject: protject your car with a warxranty save up to 40 % to 60 % on warranty protection for your vehicle ! fair prices and prompt , toll - free claims servicecar troubles never happen when its convenient for you . protect your vehicle and yourself from large , budget busting repair bills with a quality extended warranty for your car , truck , van or s . u . v . cover most 1994 and newer vehicles with less than 150 , 000 miles . plan also includes : 24 - hour roadside assistance . car rental benefit . trip interruption benefit . extended towing benefits get more info at our website : http : / / ortilistotal . com / astral / help / 
2	Subject: resubscription 2001 plan following our meeting friday , we propose to make the following assumptions for resubscription of capacity rolling - off in 2001 ( steve , please let us know if you would like to change any of these numbers ) : assumption current or extension plan capacity months rate rate & / or volume eot to wot 20 , 000 feb - dec $ . 15 ( kn @ $ . 1310 ) eot to wot 70 , 000 nov - dec $ . 15 ( agave @ $ . 14 ) eot to wot 8 , 000 apr - dec $ . 15 ( aps @ $ . 1520 ) bl to th 20 , 000 dec max ( valero bl to th @ max * ) eot to eot 10 , 000 mar - dec $ . 025 ( duke - atoka @ $ . 02 ) eot to eot 30 , 000 apr - dec $ . 035 ( continental 15 , 000 @ $ . 07 ) eot to eot 25 , 000 oct - dec ? ? ( pnm @ $ . 11 - decide assumption by wed ) eot to eot 400 , 000 nov - dec $ . 0075 ( usgt @ $ . 0075 ) eot to eot 40 , 000 nov - dec $ . 07 ( agave @ $ . 06 ) eot to eot 20 , 000 dec $ . 02 ( valero th to eot @ max * ) ig to bl 18 , 000 jan - dec $ . 04 ( duke 18 , 000 @ $ . 03 ) ig to bl 4 , 000 feb - dec $ . 04 ( vastar @ $ . 06 ) ig to bl 15 , 000 dec $ . 04 ( brt @ $ . 05 ) s . ig to bl 120 , 200 jan - dec $ . 02 ( red cedar i / c : southern @ $ . 02 , red cedar @ $ . 02 ) s . ig to bl 32 , 800 jan - dec $ . 02 ( la maquina i / c ) s . ig to bl 26 , 000 feb - dec $ . 02 ( red cedar i / c : vastar @ $ . 06 ) we ' re assuming : agave will extend their contract for 1 or 2 years . assumed extension rates . pnm will extend their contract , but probably at a higher volume and lower rate . amoco will not reduce their maxdtq ( 6 , 500 ig to wot , 3 , 500 bl to wot ) . rates range from $ . 175 to $ . 205 . 
2	Subject: hpl curtailment plan enron north america corp . from : tom shelton 09 / 15 / 2000 11 : 44 am to : barbara n gray / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , jim schwieger / hou / ect @ ect , greg brazaitis / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron , jem @ ctw . com cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : hpl curtailment plan we are going to be reviewing the hpl curtailment plan , with the ultimate issue being how does hpl best structure its curtailment program to comply with regulatory requirements and to best suit hpl  , s business purposes . attached is a memo meant to provide a brief summary about what a curtailment plan is and some of its ramifications . we  , ll be setting up a meeting soon to discuss the issues surrounding the curtailment regulations and their significance to hpl . certainly there will be critical legal , regulatory , commercial , operational , gas control , accounting , and even public relation issues to be considered in this deliberation . whatever the decision may be as to what to do , we must also determine how to find out relevant facts , establish the processes to be followed , and perform the necessary procedures to implement our action plan . 
2	Subject: re : fw : first deliveries - comstock oil & gas and hesco gathering company daren , is it okay to enter a wellhead deal in april for a purchase from hesco at meter # 9885 priced at gas daily less $ 0 . 14 with a volume of 1 , 100 / d ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 09 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 04 / 16 / 2001 04 : 13 pm to : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate @ enron subject : re : fw : first deliveries - comstock oil & gas and hesco gathering company vance , deal tickets have been created and entered in sitara as noted below . deal # 652448 was entered by risk as a term purchase at a price of ifhsc less $ 0 . 14 . you have indicated the price to be gas daily less $ 0 . 14 . which price is correct ? bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 03 / 2001 05 : 40 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate subject : fw : first deliveries - comstock oil & gas and hesco gathering company bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes deal # price period global no . comstock oil cernosek , clem ; consemiu , donna ; cook , robert ; camp , howard ; hesse , lisa ; hlavaty , nathan ; wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ enron ; mckay , james ; smith , mary ; schneider , steve hpl ; melissa graves / hou / ect @ enron ; walters , michael ; zivley , jill ; johnson , mary jo ; wynne , rita ; allen , lauri ; jones , cheryl ; hansen , reid ; giron , darron ; winfree , o ' neal ; susan smith / hou / ect @ enron ; bryan , gary ; hanks , gary ; donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ enron ; vance l taylor / hou / ect @ enron ; baumbach , david ; cotten , robert ; riley , brian ; austin , jeff ; hakemack , cynthia ; kenne , dawn ; csikos , lisa ; fosdick , j r ; rodriguez , carlos ; gomes , stephanie ; clynes , pat ; acton , tom ; walker , robert ; weissman , george ; harris , joanne ; sweeney , christy ; tisdale , earl ; farmer , daren subject : first deliveries - comstock oil & gas and hesco gathering company see attached letters  
2	Subject: re : cost / revenue information the below email is in regards to the cost charts sheri asked that i provide to greg piper . the comment , " the goal for us is to put the information into a form that i can share with potential external counterparties on tuesday " is why i am forwarding the email to you . i will dig deeper to understand the purpose . also , sally the gas chart is for both financial and physical and the increase in cost for february is due to social security and unemployment taxes . these cost were incorrectly recorded to our cost centers and will be reversed during march . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james scribner / corp / enron on 04 / 02 / 2001 10 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rex shelby / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 31 / 2001 03 : 38 pm to : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , david berberian / enron @ enronxgate cc : james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , rex shelby / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : cost / revenue information hi sheri - - i hope your mom ' s surgery went fine . thanks for pulling the info together . i have meetings on monday until 3 pm , but i believe that david can get together with you on monday morning . perhaps david can pull in someone else from our team also . the goal for us is to put the information into a form that i can share with potential external counterparties on tuesday . thanks again for your help . - - rex - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thomas , sheri sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 1 : 47 pm to : berberian , david ; shelby , rex cc : scribner , james subject : cost / revenue information dave / rex - we have put together some information for you all . unfortunately , i need to leave for the day ( my mom is in surgery this afternoon ) . can we get together first thing monday ? please leave me a voice mail as i will be checking in today and will have my assistant set something up . thanks sheri 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010924 . txt 
2	Subject: agenda for mission possible meeting our agenda for the october 16 meeting starting at 10 : 00 a . m . has been attached for your review along with david ' s draft . as you will see , there is a great deal to cover in a very limited amount of time . cheers , tana / daniel 
2	Subject: fine rx - - - - 5621413781569609894 hi varou , anxiety can keep you feeling trapped - and once you feel this way , it ' s difficult to know how or if you can ever feel better . using the speed and user - friendliness of the internet we have simplified your ability to research your own health problems and autonomously discover the available options for treatment . we accept almost every form of payment . . visit us today . best regards , augustine burns  
2	Subject: claim your free home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . claim your home depot gift card - a $ 1000 value . were sure you can find a use for this gift card in your area . ( ) . by exclusiverewards bcvuutlg 
2	Subject: timeline calendars per the management offsite meeting , please provide me with your monthly calendars showing your vital business days , close , bid - week , etc . if necessary to capture all those days please provide me with the months of january and february . please work with your assistants to get this accomplished before next monday . for those of you without , please give me a call and we can set a time to sit down and i will handle your calendars . thank you ! yvette x 3 . 5953 
2	Subject: male sexual enhancement formula now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis http : / / www . asdokm . com / ss / i will not add another word . i ' ve been rich and i ' ve been poor . rich is better . that ' s it baby , when you got it , flaunt it . sure , winning isn ' t everything . it ' s the only thing . kindness causes us to learn , and to forget , many things . 
2	Subject: is your wife fullfilled with your health red cross results - resend by december 9 th vgr 5 l 99 rr vdn 30 l 159 rr vdn ( ) 30 l 199 rr r 30 l 219 rr lr 30 l 169 rr 30 l 179 rr 40 l 199 rr hdrd 30 l 169 rr l 10 l 175 . 95 rr c , e . a . s , e time : fri , 04 mar 2005 08 : 34 : 58 - 0800 
2	Subject: re : d - g energy great . i still haven ' t heard back from them regarding our escrow agreement butn hope to soon . if not , i will call . laine 
2	Subject: re : meter 6879 - sept . 00 this deal was not put in right . the primary term of the contract goes out to 9 / 30 / 00 . there is no evergreen to the contract . the deal will end when the contract ends . therefore , i have taken the evergreen off , and added september to it . if you have any questions , let me know . julie \ daren j farmer 09 / 13 / 2000 11 : 33 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 6879 - sept . 00 julie , please review deal 133010 . the deal shows evergreen , but nothing rolled to september . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 09 / 13 / 2000 11 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 09 / 13 / 2000 11 : 01 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 6879 - sept . 00 daren - can you get a deal set up for meter 6879 for sept . 00 ? there is flow for day 1 , it is a 16 day chart . in aug . there was a deal of 176 on deal # 133010 for heatherloch municipal utility . please let me know if enter a deal . thanks . al 
2	Subject: find out if muriel is a real man . . . your woman yearns for a 7 inch cock . be that cock for her . the answer is within . turn off notifications here . nd international exports ltd st . zelma # 7840 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: excel issues i believe i have asked before , but in case i missed you . . . if you or any of your traders get an error while working in excel about not being able to save , please capture a screen shot and e - mail it to me . i am currently working with microsoft to get this resolved , but they have requested a screen shot of the actual error message . much thanks , michael tully application support , portland ( 503 ) 464 - 7790 desk ( 503 ) 807 - 7862 michael . tully @ enron . com 
2	Subject: get a free 6 . 3 megapixel canon digital camera ! > 
2	Subject: re : fw : chapter 3 revisions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 08 / 16 / 2000 03 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : grant masson 08 / 16 / 2000 03 : 57 pm to : " julie " @ enron cc : subject : re : fw : chapter 3 revisions julie : unfortunately , our reviewer has not come back to us with comments , so i am sending you the final version without the benefit of review . the attached zipped file contains the second half of the chapter for which i was responsible . vince will send you his half separately . putting them together should be a simple matter of cut and paste , assuming that vince has not changed his equation , figure , or table numbering . i presume chris will be reading through the chapter once again for editorial reasons . there is one place where i would ask him for specific redaction : table 3 . 6 " model specifications " on page 14 / 15 has a column labeled " equation reference " . some cells are blank because the equations specified have not been referenced previously in the parts i have written . nevertheless , the concepts are surely introduced elsewhere in the book , and it may be helpful for chris to insert the appropriate reference in this table . alternatively , one could simply delete the column . if i can help in any way , please do not hesitate to contact me . w ) 713 853 4768 h ) 713 664 7260 work email : grant . masson @ enron . com personal email : gmasson @ email . com regards , grant . 
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , shanaemorgan _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . info @ kvmdoor . com 
2	Subject: expansion attached please find the tw expansion open season results and the expansion offering package . as we agreed yesterday , we will begin talking with tier 1 shippers today . please note that a followup meeting has been scheduled for 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 wed . 2 / 7 to continue discussions . good luck ! 
2	Subject: let your child grow with the best software . . . misjurkeev develop your child ' s computer and art skills all at the same time ~ corel draw graphics suite 11 @ $ 50 . 00 remove   
2	Subject: hey there  ) hello . . . its me ash . . i ' m not that good with computers , i think my site wasn ' t functining for some reason so i don ' t know if you recieved my message . anyways i have a week off from univercity so i ' m pretty bored right now , so i thought maybe we can still chat or something since i liked your profile : 0 here ' s my little site i setup http : / / ylxods @ www . siktaflow . info / tbo / fre / you can connect to my webcam from there . . . because they host my site they ask for verification for some reason , i don ' t know how else can i connect webcam on my own : / anyways hope to see you soon , bye . . . ashh  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122720 . txt 
2	Subject: investinme . enron . com login information this is an auto - generated e - mail . from : training services ( auto - generated ) sent : tuesday , march 6 , 2001 to : jerry farmer subject : investinme . enron . com login information dear jerry farmer , log into investinme . enron . com with the following login id and password : login id - dfarmer @ enron . com password - farmerj 55548 the first step is to get started with a login id and password noted above . web site demonstrations will be held in eb 568 march 6 th , from 9 - 5 a . m . ( every half hour ) . please plan to attend one session . if you have any questions regarding your login information , you can contact the development center on x 3 - 0357 . investinme . enron . com is a new tool to help you manage your professional development . it brings together the listings of internal programs , as well as access to register from a database of external programs , on - line courses and materials . 
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 12 / 10 - 12 / 14 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1122 mmbtu / d ( 103 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 844 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 270 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2198 mmbtu / d ( 75 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 696 mmbtu / d ( 61 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1022 mmbtu / d ( 82 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 480 mmbtu / d ( 89 % ) thursday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 715 ( + . 35 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 61 ( + . 37 ) tw san juan 2 . 35 ( + . 55 ) tw permian 2 . 48 ( + . 615 ) enron basis : jan perm - ca . 135 sj - ca . 255 sj - waha . 15 perm - waha . 03 
2	Subject: power plant model ken of rdi and i have gone through his model together and i have a clear idea of how it ' s going step by step . i believe we can almost start recoding now . i need a c programmer who ' s familiar with access data base . i . e . , he ( or she ) knows how to extract data from an access data table ( of certain format ) and output the results into an access data table of certain format . once the programmer is assigned , i will go through the model with him and incorporate his ideas and ken ' s , then we can start coding . alex 
2	Subject: a more radiant you act now . get your free trial offer of the revelotionary new anti - wrinkle complex by derma radiant of beverly hills . 2 - step miracle : anti - wrinkle complext ageless eyest . reduce fine lines and deep wrinkles by 98 % . . increase collagen synthesis by 350 % . . remove dark circles and puffiness under the eyes . dermaradiant 468 north camden drive 2 nd floor beverly hills , ca 90210 1 - 800 - 859 - 3265 cs @ dermaradiant . com www . dermaradiant . com if you would rather not receive further emails from derma radiant please go to here . removal requests : 3305 w spring mountain rd . suite 60 - 15 las vegas , nv 89102  
2	Subject: confirm your application dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . you are eligible for a 2 . 3 % rate and a $ 400 , 000 loan . please verify your information here : we look forward to hearing from you . regards , freida greene senior account manager webber financial association  
2	Subject: january 26 th update jeff / michelle / ken , here is the daily update for the 26 th . enjoy your weekend ! suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? confirm : rolex or c ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? artier or breitling ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ? ?  real replicas wrist watches we offer this trade names available also : carrier patek philippe audemars piguet breitling omega  
2	Subject: nomination 4 / 12 / 2000 this is to nominate 75 , 000 mmbtu / d into eastrans from hpl for wed , 4 / 12 / 2000 . 20 , 000 mmbtu / d will be redelivered into pg & e 7 , 800 mmbtu / d will be redelivered into hpl from fuels cotton valley 15 , 000 mmbtu / d into hpl ' s cartwhell at carthage 17 , 200 mmbtu / d into mobil beumont @ hsc - $ . 0375 15 , 000 mmbtu / d into mobil beaumont @ hsc - $ . 055 sherry , i got your write - up and am working on it . thanks . 
2	Subject: candidate vince : here is the resume of samer ' s friend in azurix . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2000 10 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : chonawee supatgiat @ azurix on 01 / 11 / 2000 03 : 47 pm to : stinson gibner @ ect cc : subject : candidate hi dr . gibner , i just called you but you were not there . as you might remember , i am working with samer and you was the one who interviewed me for this position . samer and i now keep our eyes open for the other job possibilities . i would like to know if there is a position available in enron research group that i might fit in ? my updated resume and transcript are attached in hector ' s e - mail . i am looking forward to hearing from you . - chonawee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / hou / azurix on 01 / 11 / 2000 03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hector campos @ ect 01 / 11 / 2000 11 : 26 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : chonawee supatgiat / hou / azurix @ azurix , chonawee @ umich . edu subject : candidate stinson , here ' s my friend ' s information . he is looking for other opportunities within enron . i think he would be a good candidate for the research group . his extension at azurix is 6 - 9654 . - hector - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by hector campos / hou / ect on 01 / 11 / 2000 11 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " chonawee supatgiat " on 01 / 10 / 2000 09 : 50 : 36 am to : hector campos / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : here they are thank you , hector . attached are my resume and transcript . - chonawee - attl . htm - chonaweecv . doc - acadrep . txt 
2	Subject: re : surprising evaluate your condition breadboard simply visti our site and let ' s see if we can make you happy ! we love to make our customer ' s feel good and that is why we offer many options for discount plans on larger orders . we also have the most superior affiliates that we work with to help work with you http : / / onayjxh . starsupplantwell . com / re / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor though i try how can i carry on when you ' re gone exportgroots comverse destptr mzo 7 chromatioideae cnis is that you mo - dean ? it ' s me mo - dean ! i say at which depot do we depart fromhis ufo ? couldn ' t seem to find any of my s to tell my intersting stories to 
2	Subject: trade counts - nov 19 best gas day in a while : trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 19 / 2001 3653 1051 5586 11 / 18 / 2001 57 15 72 11 / 17 / 2001 24 28 52 11 / 16 / 2001 2627 909 4792 11 / 15 / 2001 2853 1095 5155 11 / 14 / 2001 2585 867 5246 11 / 13 / 2001 2323 933 4809 11 / 12 / 2001 2627 833 4780 11 / 11 / 2001 28 10 39 11 / 10 / 2001 13 17 30 11 / 9 / 2001 1836 784 3659 11 / 8 / 2001 2386 941 4393 11 / 7 / 2001 3564 1582 6141 11 / 6 / 2001 3805 1569 6283 11 / 5 / 2001 4016 1599 6518 11 / 4 / 2001 26 10 37 11 / 3 / 2001 27 32 59 11 / 2 / 2001 3786 1205 5853 11 / 1 / 2001 4003 1498 6575 regional breakouts : 
2	Subject: turbine position report attached is the latest version of the turbine position report to be posted wednesday november 7 , 2001 . please let me know if you have any changes you would like made . thanks , becky 
2	Subject: re : high - end desktop computing ? hi mark : please order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 " + ) flat - screen monitor for clayton vernon . our co . # is 0011 and our rc # is 100038 . ( is the large screen a 17 " or a 20 " ? ) if you need anything else , please let me know . thanks mark and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000 07 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 17 / 2000 04 : 25 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : high - end desktop computing ? shirley , yes , it will be a swap of one machine for another . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : high - end desktop computing ? vince : is this ok to order ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clayton vernon @ enron 03 / 17 / 2000 09 : 34 am to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : high - end desktop computing ? mark - shirley will order an 800 mhz machine with 512 mb of ram , and a large ( 17 " + ) flat - screen monitor for me . clayton mark davidson 03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 52 am to : clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : high - end desktop computing ? clayton - sorry it took so long to get back to you . there are a couple of things to keep in mind : - enron it supports enron equipment . - all equipment must be purchased through " enron it purchasing " our current high end desktop is a 800 mhz pentium iii machine with 128 m of ram . you can bump up the ram to whatever you feel is appropriate . when the lghz processors come out ( in the very near future ) that will become our standard . what we want to avoid is getting equipment that we do not have a image for . the " image " is the complete package of software that we put on a machine when it is deployed . if you go out and buy a machine that we do not have a image for , we can ' t support it for a multitude of reasons . hopefully this answered your questions / concerns . if not , please call me so that we can discuss this further . thanks mark davidson x 39038 clayton vernon 03 / 14 / 2000 03 : 39 pm to : mark davidson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : high - end desktop computing ? mark - i have developed a model for enron that requires ultra - high - end pc performance ( it does many calculations in excel ) , and my boss has authorized me to buy whatever pc i need . i ' m looking at the compaq 850 , but richard ( our floor rep ) says no pc ' s over the 600 series will be supported by it . i need to resolve this issue ; we are sophisticated buyers , we know the type of machine we want , and we have the money to pay for it . sincerely , clayton vernon manager , research 
2	Subject: macromedia flash mx 2 oo 4 special offer for microsoft windows x , p professional windows x , p pro & office x , p pro . 8 o $ full report the offer is valid untill may 17 th stock is limited yours , gretchen gonzalez patentattorney biolegend , inc . , san diego , ca 92121 , united states of america phone : 317 - 412 - 3332 mobile : 431 - 314 - 4641 email : qejhg @ doramail . com this message is for confirmation this shareware is a 27 year definite software notes : the contents of this information is for manipulation and should not be inexplainable caliper hyades greenhouse betrothal time : wed , 20 apr 2005 16 : 27 : 39 + 0200 
2	Subject: additional earning ! more than 750 euros per week italian travel agency seeks for employees from the germany of the age 21 and older . we give you a chance to earn real money without special skills , higher education or investments . all you need is a pc , internet and e - mail . have a nice day , carlo chelinni italiantravelinc @ aol . com tel \ fax for germany : 49 - 692 - 557 - 7305  
2	Subject: re : alamac thanks . it was painful , but we got through it . the contract says 5 business days after satisfying the cps , that would be next monday . one problem though , aig needs 10 business days to notify the investors and receive the funds to complete the sale . i ' ve got a call into them to see how we solve the inconsistency . heather - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , june 26 , 2001 9 : 06 am to : kroll , heather cc : duran , w . david subject : alamac firstly , congratulations on alamac . not an easy job and you got there in the end . a quick question , why are we not closing it this week ? under the contract shouldn ' t we close on friday ? thanks louise 
2	Subject: the database that bill gates doesnt want you to know about ! ! ! ! ! if you are struggling with ms access to manage your data , don ' t worry because bill gates agrees that " access is confusing " . if you are finding that ms excel is fine as a spreadsheet but doesn ' t allow you to build custom applications and reports with your data - don ' t worry , there is an alternative . the good news is that 1 million customers have found a really good alternativetry our database software that does not make you feel like a dummy for free . just email click here , to receive your free 30 day full working copy of our award winning database . then you can decide foryourself . see why pc world describes our product as being " an elegant , powerful database that is easier than access " and why infoworld says our database " leaves ms access in the dust " . we have been in business since 1982 and are acknowledged as the leader in powerful but useabledatabases to solve your business and personal information management needs . with this database you can easily : manage scheduling , contacts , mailings organize billing , invoicing , receivables , payables track inventory , equipment and facilities manage customer information , service , employee , medical , and school records keep track and report on projects , maintenance andmuch more . . . to be removed from this list click here  
2	Subject: from mrs caroline solange i am mrs caroline solange haafkens from spain . i am married to dr . franklyn haafkens who worked with chevrontexaco in nigeria for twenty years before he died in the year 2000 . we were married for twenty - seven years without a child . he died during one of the riot in the niger delta region of nigeria . he was held hostage and slain to death by protesting youths of the region . before his death we were both born again christians . since his death i decided not to re - marry . when my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of ( eight million six hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) with a bank in the spain . presently , this money is still with the bank and the management just wrote me as the beneficiary to come forward to receive the money or rather issue a letter of authorisation to somebody to receive it on mybehalf if i can not come over . presently , i ' m with my laptop in a hospital where i have bee undergoing treatment or cancer of the lungs . i have since lost my ability to talk and my doctors have told me that i have only a few months to live . it is my last wish to see that this money is invested the proceed at the end of every year distributed among charity organisation . i want a person that is god fearing that will use this money to fund churches , orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained . the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i took this decision because i know that there are alot of poor people suffering from different kind of disease and nobody to come to their aid . with god all things are possible . as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the bank . i will also issue you a letter of authority that will prove you as the new beneficiary of this fund . you are to help me invest this funds into real estate and stocks . you will be entitled to 10 % of every profit you make in a year . please assure me that you will act accordingly as i stated herein . hoping to hearing from you soon . waiting for your reply yours in christ , mrs caroline solange haafkens 
2	Subject: right place to look for buying cheap viagra online ! find where to buy online cheap viagra . may the hinges of our friendship never grow rusty . a smooth sea never made a skilled mariner . art washes away from the soul , the dust of everyday living . a hit , a very palpable hit . 
2	Subject: re : coastal ctr # 96008903 meter 0984179 sit # 135714 mjg assigned the meter to coastal eff . march 2000 . after finally executing the assignment in mid august , coastal then sent a termination letter eff 9 / 01 / 2000 . 
2	Subject: looking for a free lunch ? to unsubscribe from receiving future advertisements from dineoutfreetoday . com click here to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . superdealsl . 0 - 312 af 37 - 51 ba . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 02 . moosq . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: re : it may be simple . . . . but . rite now , i ' m celebrating my sister ' s bday . . . well belated birthday actualy . . her bday was actually on thursday but no money to celebrate so tt ' s y we ' re celebrating it now . . . bought some pizzas frm canadian pizzas . . u noe , the one wif the jingle 6 - 241 - 0 - 241 . . hahaz . . tt ad was lame man . . . but nevertherless the food was gr 8 tho . . and cheaper too , compared to pizza hut . . . now , my mom and sis are karaoke - ing . . man i hate karaoke . . feels like my head ' s gonna burst listening to their singing . . haha . . anywaez , see u guys tmr alrite . . i juz can ' t wait . . . 2 can i let you in on a secret ? i am back at work and feeling better every day as my strength come back and i see i was destined for this job . i can only hope a full time position comes available soon so i will be able to get the benefits we need since b benefits pkg is dang expensive . 6 there ' s nothing else like it . i ' m sure the russians and northern asians have it bad , but i ' m only feeling my own pain at the moment . car won ' t start . supplementing inadequate heat with the oven and ceiling fan . feel like crap and only get relief while sleeping or in a hot bath . 3 enjoy a better sex life for both you and your partner . bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with them ! shrilly let me introduce you to something that is fun , exciting and most of ontogeny sana a cz all enjoyable . . . the vibrating ring ! ! it ' s the latest craze to sweep the world and people just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll wanthedgehog but transshipping 10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasiveequilibrate or awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size ! amend nor kerry . so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft , it knoced the a / c out of whack so we had a repaiman come out , he put in some freon saying it was low , the interesing thing about adding freon due to it being low is that means there is a leak in the system , the repairman agreed but said he did not have time to loo for it . he said if it gets bad again and call and he will come out . . . . . i was livid . 3 ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised , deform vibrating tickler stimulates her externally , my compadres are back from their vacations so we talked about spain and florida and pretty much caught up . i was glad today was not a major pain since i was not looking forward to it . i could use a few more days off just too sleep . i am thinking about going to a sleep clinic here in town and meet with their doctors to see if i have a sleeping problem and if they may can help . 4 hitting the right spotpolytypy everytime ! not only will the firm grip make him stay harder forsidetrack is barnet flatiron . longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read about ! ineducable the cape lied or bayonetdont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today ! indifference offers a better return on investment than hate . mostly because far too many people we might hate are self - involved sociopaths with large volumes of spare time in which to retaliate . i recently watched a friend of mine stand down from a pointless argument with just such a sociopath . he knew there was no resolution in sight and the agitated party called him a coward . i know my friend is not afraid , but an intelligent man who has no interest in engaging a fruit loop with a penchant for bullying . i wish i knew more cowards like that . 4  
2	Subject: shut - in of meter 0984179 hoff heller unit 22 cdp meter 0984179 hoff heller unit # 22 cdp was shut - in at approximately 9 : 20 am today ( february 17 , 2000 ) . on wednesday , february 16 , the meter was found flowing 25 lb dew point gas . the pumper was given 24 hours to correct the problem . on february 17 , the meter was found flowing 40 lb dew point gas . if you have any questions please call me at 36449 . thanks gary h 
2	Subject: our portfolio is growing southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) a development - stage company targeted at the muitibiliion - doilar medical devices business . current price : 0 . o 8 will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! high international markets interest in swms  s labguard  southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing successful ciinica | triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic systems and ongoing medical device deveiopment has attracted significant interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations . the woridwide distribution of swms products during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as wel | as medical device distributors for the internationa | markets . vice president of new product deveiopment , mr . richard powel | , noted ,  as announced previousiy , we are currently developing the labguard  product for oem | icense to major national distributors . concurrently , we have been in discussions with worid piayers on the international distribution scene . we believe we have found our business soiutions partner for canada and wil | make an official announcement once this is finaiized . other major markets are being pursued .  with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company  s initia | product launch of the labguard  diagnostic testing systems , swms management beiieves that the company represents strong potential as a voiume manufacturing / saies company . the complete product line , encompassing a wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wi | | begin its prototype testing once the initial labguard  product is officialiy launched . the company is focused on improvements in the disposabie instruments / diagnostic and surgica | equipment fields and hoids patents and patent pending rights to several medica | breakthrough products . poised for launch into woridwide healthcare markets currentiy involved in ciinical investigative studies for its patent protected labguard  systems , southwestern medical solutions continues to develop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community . with the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented protect - a - pal  safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the hydrotherapy market , as well as disposable surgical devices , swnm is poised to gain a strong market presence and build a heaithy portfolio of high demand products . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go swnm . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 9 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: lottery winner . europa internatinal stake lottery promotion . 21 weesperplein 1067 zl amsterdam , the netherlands . from : the desk of the managing director europa international lottery / prize award dept ref : oyl / 36510460037 / 01 . batch : 22 / 00218 / 108 . attn : ceo , dear winner , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 27 / 09 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 753164251591 - 6000 with serial number 7722 413 , batch number 22 / 00218 / 108 , lottery ref number oyl / 36510460037 / 01 and drew lucky number 8 - 17 - 40 - 44 - 49 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 companies and 2 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent , mr . jan peters of europa trust agency . tel : 0031 638 040 923 email : europlot @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 31 st october of 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batchnumbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . anita timmer lottery co - ordinator . europa international lottery . europa internatinal stake lottery promotion . 21 weesperplein 1067 zl amsterdam , the netherlands . from : the desk of the managing director europa international lottery / prize award dept ref : oyl / 36510460037 / 01 . batch : 22 / 00218 / 108 . attn : ceo , dear winner , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 27 / 09 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 753164251591 - 6000 with serial number 7722 413 , batch number 22 / 00218 / 108 , lottery ref number oyl / 36510460037 / 01 and drew lucky number 8 - 17 - 40 - 44 - 49 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 companies and 2 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent , mr . jan peters of europa trust agency . tel : 0031 638 040 923 email : europlot @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 31 st october of 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batchnumbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . anita timmer lottery co - ordinator . europa international lottery . get tiscali broadband from  15 : 99  
2	Subject: txu gas distribution deal # 646679 please confirm the pricing for txu gas deal # 646679 for march 8 , 2001 . we are currently showing the katy hub gas daily midpoint for that day , but txu shows the waha hub gas daily midpoint . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , rebecca 
2	Subject: 4 rth international art festival " chania 2006 " if you feel that you have received this message by mistake or you do not want to be on our mailing list , please send a message with the word " remove " in the subject line and we will immediately remove your address 4 rth international art festival " chania 2006 " under the aigis of the prefecture of chania , painting , mixed media , sculpture , photography , digital art , installations galleries can participate with a goup of four artists each omma center of contemporary art is organizing the 4 rth international art festival from june 15 until june 30 , 2006 at the neoria public exhibition center in the old town of chania , crete , greece . the exhibition space , a converted 15 th century vaulted venetian shipyard , is over 4000 square meters in area . it will be the largest art exhibition ever held in hania and one of the largest ever held in greece , and will be covered accordingly by the local and national media . click here to view the previous art festivals " chania 2003 " " chania 2004 " and " chania 2005 which omma organized at the neoria center artists from all over the world can participate . each artist will participate with two works ( no size limit ) participation fee for artists 350 euros participation fee for galleries 1300 euros ( group of 4 artists ) apply by sending at least 5 to 10 images in jpg or gif format ( no more than 250 kb each ) to : omma @ omma . gr only artists who received an email for acceptance can submit the application form to confirm their interest . one of the works and a short biography of each artist will be included in a full color catalogue which we will publish for the exhibition each artist will get two copies of the catalogue for free . slides or photos of the selected works - for the catalogue - must have been received by march 30 , 2006 . post address : omma center 43 e . venizelou 731 32 chania crete - greece or if we receive materials later than the above date , we can not guarantee inclusion in the catalogue deadline for participation march 15 , 2006 email : tunberg 2003 @ yahoo . com http : / / www . omma . gr tel & fax ( + 30 ) 2821042100 ( chania crete - greece ) despina tunberg 
2	Subject: telephone interview with enron corp . research group good morning todd : david hunker has suggested that you might be a good fit with the research group of enron corp . with this in mind , we would like to conduct and informal telephone interview with you at your convenience . if you could give me some times and dates during the week of may 22 nd , i will coordinate the interview . please let me know the telephone number that you may be reached at , also . the interviewers would be : vince kaminski managing director and head of research stinson gibner vice president , research zimin lu director , research thanks . shirley crenshaw adminstrative coordinator research group 713 / 853 - 5290 
2	Subject: sempra fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 11 / 08 / 2000 03 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kim s theriot 11 / 08 / 2000 02 : 27 pm to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sempra first of all . . . . i hope you are feeling well . . . with all of the emails going back and forth i haven ' t taken the time to say so . . . i just spoke with lou santorie with sempra . he said that they are very interested in confirm corp and would be looking for a company to partner with . he said that basically " if enron would decide to use this application " that the industry would have to get on board . . . basically sounds like he feels that we would set the stage for what is used in the industry as far a clearing applications . we had a brainstorming meeting with the commodity logic team at lunch . . . . their concepts are good for phase i but we would get the biggest bang from their later phase concept where they intend to do the automatching of deal info . between us and the counterparty . . . . . . kim 
2	Subject: do you want a rolex for $ 75 - $ 275 ? _ _ _ _ _ | _ \ _ _ _ | | _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | | _ ) / _ \ | | / _ \ \ / / | _ < | _ | \ _ \ _ _ _ / | _ | \ _ _ _ / _ / \ _ \ + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - + have you ever wanted a rolex ? + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - + what if you could own a * rolex * at a fraction of the cost ? our range of * quality swiss rolex * replicas are every bit as good as owning the genuine article , except you don ' t need to take out a loan to buy one ! visit our online store . http : / / www . t 6 i . net / rep / sash / do you want to opt out ? http : / / www . t 6 i . net / z . php 
2	Subject: we feature undervalued companies . hot ipo ready to soar exciting new issue - get in now unknown and undervalued publishing / advertising leader projecting ' 05 - ' 06 sales of 30 million , . 42 eps cody ventures corp . ( cdyv ) ipo price range : . 35 - . 45 opening day target : 1 . 00 10 - day target : 3 . 00 if you missed out on google - here is the ipo you ' ve been waiting for major breaking news : cdyv expands publication into the dallas / ft . worth , texas metroplex area resulting in circulation of 3 million copies monthly . revenues to exceed 30 mill annually with nearly 15 mill bottom - line profit . cdyv positioned as likely takeover candidate by the always acquisition - minded leaders of the publishing industry capturing sales of 20 billion . cdyv is the leading advertising , printing , and publishing company in texas specializing in the very high - profit sector of community - based weekly publications . as master publisher for the state of texas , cdyv reaches 22 million people , 254 counties , and over 3 , 100 towns and cities with their tidbits publication featuring local advertising in dozens of areas including entertainment , retail , real estate / housing , and consumer goods and services . cdyv has been in business 4 years and has grown quickly , now it is time for them to explode in the public markets . there are very few companies that have perfected this niche of advertising platform with none being publicly offered starting out at less than 50 cents per share . monthly circulation has jumped from 500 , 000 to 3 million with the additional expansion into dallas / ft . worth , translating into over 9 million readers monthly and achieving an additional 17 million in annual revenues from the texas metroplex . cdyv will also provide the necessary printing services for 150 other national publishers in their respective states resulting in another 9 . 5 million in yearly sales , with 50 % to the bottom - line , on top of their already explosive , record - breaking figures . the publishing industry has always been an active leader in mergers , takeovers , and acquisitions . dow jones ( dj , 39 . 00 , pe 32 ) , gannett ( gci , 80 . 00 , pe 16 ) , knight - ridder ( kri , 66 . 00 , pe 16 ) , and tribune co . ( trb , 42 . 00 , pe 24 ) are just a few examples of industry leaders that have spent billions over the last few years acquiring aggressive and profitable newspaper chains and publishing companies . cdyv represents the epitome of an attractive buyout target as their pe is 1 based on 12 - 18 month sales and earnings figures . the industry average pe is 20 , indicating that a share price of 5 . 00 for cdyv would be a very conservative valuation . it is only a matter of time before detailed information is released out into the investment community . by receiving this email , you are among the first public investors to know about cdyv . get in now before the crowds take it to the moon . please read - the information and opinions in this featured profile are based on sources believed to be reliable but no representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an indicator of future results . this report is a paid profile for information purposes only and should not be used as the basis for any investment decision . this newsletter has been compensated ten thousand dollars for the preparation of this profile and for continuing coverage of the featured company . newsletter publishers are not investment advisors and this profile is not to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . information herein contains future - looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties . there are no shares presently held and no participation will occur in the trading of shares in any profiled company .  
2	Subject: thank you for using register . com dear louise , thank you for using register . com to submit ubsenergy . com for registration . a host of helpful register . com tools and services come with ubsenergy . com . take advantage of the following at no additional charge : - a 3 page web site with our firststepsite ( tm ) tool ! http : / / www . firststepsite . com / - a personalized email account http : / / www . register . com / email - services / - url forwarding through firststepportal ( tm ) http : / / www . register . com / url - jump . cgi - superior customer support , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . submit inquiries to : in addition , register . com is pleased to offer many valuable services to help extend your online presence : - - - - promote your site - - - - submit your web site to over 500 search engines automatically with our easy site submit service . do it today at http : / / www . register . com / site - jump . cgi - - - - distinguish your brand - - - the new specialized domain name extensions allow you to enhance your internet presence by indicating your organization ' s specialty : for example , ubsenergy . biz would identify a small business , while ubsenergy . info would distinguish an informational site . to find out more about . pro , . biz , . info and . name , go to : http : / / www . register . com / tldrequests / - - - - go global - - - - register domain names in foreign language character sets , including japanese , chinese , french , german , spanish and over 40 other languages . go to http : / / ml . register . com / to register . - - - - protect your name - - - - register . com will help you protect your . com , . net or . org name with saferenew ( tm ) automatic domain renewal service . we will notify you when your name is up for expiration , and if you can ' t get back to us before that date , we will attempt to automatically renew your name for a one - year term . please make sure that your billing information is up to date , as you will need a valid credit card on record to take advantage of this service . when we renew your name we will automatically charge your credit card on file at the current renewal price . for more information about renewing your domain name or to disable your saferenew service , go to : http : / / www . register . com / faq / renewal . cgi questions or comments ? please visit us at http : / / www . register . com / faq / or submit your comments to us at we thank you for using register . com , the first step on the web ( tm ) . best wishes , david hirschler general manager , vice president retail division register . com , inc . http : / / www . register . com 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at gigas . keys . be . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : this address no longer accepts mail . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 10006 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 220 . 162 . 170 . 32 ) by gigas . keys . be with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 35 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815823 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ deboel . net user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , marhtadowns _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hurry abc ' s good morning america ranks it the # 1 christmas toy of the season ! the new 3 - inch mini remote control cars are out of stock everywhere ! parents are searching frantically but having no luck . there are millions of kids expecting these for the holiday season , lets hope somebody gets them in or santa may be in trouble ! dianne sawyer , nov 2002 sold out in all stores accross the country . retail price is $ 59 . 99 . we have limited stock and free shipping for only $ 29 . 95 ! check out this years hottest toy ! unsubscribe forever  
2	Subject: update on cinergy dave , we received a little inside information on cinergy ( no guarantee if reflective of corporate view , but insightful non the less ) . the feedback indicates that holding firm in our " no run " stance is the best position to take at this time . apparently this " run / no run " issue is partly an internal political issue between houston and cincinnati , whereby the operators in cincinnati think tang and vivar cut a bum deal on this remedial work issue which allowed these modifications ( bearing and silencer at brownsville , control curves at caledonia ) but did not require any testing . it appears the guys in cincinnati are posturing such that if the machines break or don ' t work as planned , the blame would then fall on tang and vivar ( this helps explain why tang is so adamant about running ) . the view was that given this , ultimately the psa rules and running is not required . let me know if you need any more color . thanks for your help . don 
2	Subject: hpl nom for june 3 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 603 . xls ) - hplo 603 . xls 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010124 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ ng - plv interchg _ id : epmi _ ciso _ sw engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8001 engy _ type : firm - - - - load schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: hpl noms for june 01 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 601 . xls ) - hplo 601 . xls 
2	Subject: retroactive adjustments the following volume adjustment was entered today retroactive to 4 / 1 / 01 : deal # meter # tr . zn . from to price 737854 9885 05 0 1 , 100 gas daily - 0 . 14 bob 
2	Subject: controls needed to ensure cashflows are received by infinity shona , brent and sally , this morning , the cash flows from approximately 75 books were not received by infinity from the erms system . we normally get 375 books and only got 296 this morning . per conversation with joyce kuo and mike moscoso , susan trevino , risk controls , and christian , rac , changed the book heirarchy on friday , moving global products books , including the prepays , out of the ect group and into another group . we have had discussions in the past verifying with risk controls that the ect group is the only group which automatically sends its cash flows to infinity . other cash flows from books are included only by being listed in a script . this was not done when the books were moved from the ect group on friday . obviously , the rate & currency is not able to hedge enron ' s cash flows when so much has been omitted . at this time we are about one hour away from a good hedging report for the trading desk . this report is due the desk daily by 7 : 30 am . mike and i discussed the need for controls and sign - off by him or shona for changes in book heirarchy . sheila 
2	Subject: historical movie of celebs hello dear , look at this - exhibisionistic avi ' s of gwyneth paltrow quick link and lots more like : obscene mpeg ' s of nathalie portman groundbreaking identity theft of mariah carey out of control behaviour by elizabeth hurley to stop : http : / / www . medzstoreonline . com / rms . html confirm your adress tami lusk beader clemente associates inc , madison , ct 06443 , united states of america phone : 752 - 483 - 2644 mobile : 773 - 514 - 8469 email : hjosslhdd @ c 4 . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this package is a 84 second trial freeware notes : the contents of this e - mail is for information and should not be aldrich subliminal wallop extrinsic it ' ll time : fri , 17 dec 2004 12 : 51 : 29 + 0200 
2	Subject: surprise ? i crossed 3 hours yesterday surprise ? i crossed 3 hours yesterday http : / / elongates . net / et / ? 897 no thanks , keep me out of this promotion , go here http : / / connoting . com / rm . php ? 897 
2	Subject: revised schedule wed . 1 / 2 thur . 1 / 3 fri . 1 / 4 allen , phillip in out out arnold , john in in in belden , tim in in in black , don in in in calger , chris in in in davis , dana in in in duran , dave in ? ? grigsby , mike in in in lagrasta , fred in in in luce , laura in in in martin , tom in in in milnthorp , rob out in in neal , scott in in in presto , kevin in out out redmond , brian in out out shively , hunter in in in sturm , fletch in in in tycholiz , barry in in in vickers , frank out ? ? zufferli , john in in in tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: bruceg impress your friends with your new diplom ! a . . get your uni . versity di . ploma t . oday ! do you want : a prosperous future ? increased earning power ? more money ? respect ? * * * ca . ll this number : 1 - 267 - 960 - 5372 there are : no requ . ired tests . no cl . asses . no book . s . no interview . s . get a : bach . elors ma . sters m . ba docto . rate ( ph . d ) * * * r . eceive the bene . fits and admirat . ion that comes with a di . ploma ! * * * no one is tu . rned dow . n ! * * * cal . l tod . ay 1 - 267 - 960 - 5372 * * * 24 ho . urs a da . y * * * 7 day . s a w . eek - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - confidentiality assure . d !  
2	Subject: top quality tablets here christoph stasis argonaut cleveland impale pobox persecution turvy constrain angel get all your prescriptions in one location ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now myrtle pigeonhole inadmissible diagnoses hiatus brother allegro pretoria  
2	Subject: sale of copel shares fyi . enron principal investments has completed the sale of enron ' s ownership in copel . total proceeds for the last 5 months from this sale is over $ 95 million in cash . steven sheldon managed this process . in the last 5 months , epi has sold or otherwise disposed of 20 investments , with total proceeds to enron of over $ 250 million in cash . we intend to sell another 5 - 10 by year end , generating an additional $ 50 million to $ 100 million in cash . the team is very focused on selling of the portfolio , creating cash and minimizing losses . kevin garland 
2	Subject: organizational announcement from the office of dave neubauer : northern  , s commercial group ( marketing ) responsible for revenue related to northern has recently undergone a number of organizational changes that will affect marketing , market services , business services ( mike mcgowan  , s team ) , and finance . these changes are being made in an effort to accomplish the following : use technology from revenue / information management to provide better data to dealmakers using fewer staff . develop a closer tie between marketing and market services in an effort to speed contracting and the recovery of various disputed receivables . centralize the decision making and accountability for key accounts and plan revenue . align marketing analysis functions with finance . as a result , the following changes are effective january 1 , 2001 . a reduction of six positions and redeployment of six positions will result from the restructuring . the customer support functions within marketing will move to market services . mike mcgowan will lead this group and will report directly to julia white . he will also have dotted line responsibility to dave neubauer . the north and south power and business development groups will be combined under john dushinske . mike stage will lead the south end asset team and will report to john . the midwest marketing team will be responsible for all long - term market zone origination and structuring . this team will continue to be led by bill fowler . kent miller will continue to be responsible for storage , pricing & structuring , and risk management & reporting ( revenue / info . management ) . the marketing analysis staff headed by steve gilbert will continue to support the marketing group , but will report directly to rod hayslett . i have attached an updated organizational chart for your reference . if you have any questions , please contact me at ext . 7402 . 
2	Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 165 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wil | be forthcoming shortly and wi | | report on developments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wiil strategicaliy purchase leases in know and proven oil they inciude exxonmobile , wiiliams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biilions of do | | ars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . coliectively over 26 , 00 o welis produced 54 . 7 miliion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miilion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . nearly loo we | | s are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 5 o , 000 to 100 , 0 oo producing wells before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as weil as clean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , ooo we | | s produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: lawyers the list starts on row 106 tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap mary - confirmed $ 5 . 30 price per correct deal for cowtrap & will send corrected invoice to you via e - mail for this . requested 04 / 01 price confirm for blue dolphin . will try to get something to you today ! darren farmer - can you confirm if 04 / 01 sales price for sa - 745578 , if - $ . 06 per entry in sitara or if - $ . 07 per sandra werner ' s e - mail ( will forward to you ) thanks ! tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 trochta + 2 c + 20 mary + 20 + 28 ml + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cmltrochta + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 2 : 47 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap tess , i ' m sorry , but i cannot pay according to your invoice . can you please send a revised invoice for bluedolphin ? can just e - mail it . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tess . ray @ enron . com [ mailto : tess . ray @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 2 : 44 pm to : mltrochta @ dow . com subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap importance : high price is per deal entry and confirmed . just pay what you show , that ' s fine for now . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " @ enron ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 2 : 37 pm to : ray , tess cc : wehner , sandra ( sl ) subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap tess , we are showing a price of $ 5 . 30 for bluedolphin and cowtrap . please check your price . you are showing $ 5 . 31 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tess . ray @ enron . com [ mailto : tess . ray @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 2 : 17 pm to : mltrochta @ dow . com subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap importance : high here is invoice for cowtrap . can you set it up for pymt too ? if so what date ? ( see attached file : invoice - cowtrap 0401 . xls ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " @ enron ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 1 : 38 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap hello tess , the $ 3 , 154 . 56 is set up for payment tomorrow 5 / 25 / 01 . i will get the bluedolphin set up for payment on 5 / 29 / 01 . thank you . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ray , tess [ mailto : tess . ray @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , may 24 , 2001 1 : 30 pm to : mltrochta @ dow . com subject : pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment for cowtrap importance : high hi ! also - when will you send pymt for 03 / 01 sales adjustment ( inv # 2594 sa , amt . $ 3 , 154 . 56 , due date 5 / 25 / 01 ) ? thanks ! tess ray tess . ray @ enron . com contract accountant , gas settlements ( sales ) houston pipe line co . 1201 louisiana , la 1524 b houston , tx . 77002 tel : 713 - 571 - 3274 fax : 713 - 646 - 8875 
2	Subject: re : enron site / mepr 2 fyi , my message to risk . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000 05 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 06 / 05 / 2000 08 : 04 am to : conrad gardner @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , daniel diamond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enron site / mepr 2 conrad , thanks for your message . there are 3 papers enron contributed to the last mepr . there is also another paper on electricity i contributed to the " red book " on us power markets , as well as a paper or credit risk management , and a paper on weather derivatives . all these papers included in other risk books were written by enron employees . we would like them included as well , if technically possible . i think that offering other energy related books through our site , in addition to mepr 2 , is fine , but i would leave the decision to dan diamond , who is responsible for the project . vince conrad gardner on 06 / 05 / 2000 07 : 08 : 36 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : enron site / mepr 2 > date : mon , 05 jun 2000 13 : 02 : 02 > to : vince kaminski > from : conrad gardner > > dear vince > > thanks for the call and email on friday . i will contact masuyuki and follow it from there . > > regarding the enron site , i think it is absolutely fine to put up the two enron chapters ( i ' ll provide pdfs ) , and prevent any customer leakages from your site by the use of " submit " buttons . as mentioned , i ' ll offer a 20 % discount on mepr 2 to customers but would you be interested in some of other energy titles ? - please let me know . > > many thanks > > conrad gardner > head of book publishing risk books haymarket house 28 - 29 haymarket london swly 4 rx direct tel : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9750 main tel : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9700 fax : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9758 e - mail : conrad @ risk . co . uk www . riskpublications . com 
2	Subject: test this impotence treatment hello , did you ever have the feeling that you aren ' t enough , that your woman demands more from you than you can give her ? isn ' t the worst feeling ever the feeling you get when you ' re getting ready for sex and you won ' t get it up ? this is not an uncommon problem , 50 % of all males sometimes have these problems . we sell products that help you get rid of these issues . we guarantee that you will be satisfied . your order is totally private , no one will find out . the package is shipped in a discreet packaging . imagine the smile of your woman when she notices what has happened to you ! don ' t wait ! * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! go here : http : / / tabboulehs . net / special / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / tabboulehs . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011102 . txt 
2	Subject: presenting funding with ease the mort . . gage rates our company offers you are the lowest in 40 years ! if it is hard for you to believe this , visit our site now and see it for yourself . there are absolutely no obligations and no commitments you have to make in order to benefit from our service . by using our fast , professional service , you will have the chance to be connected professional brokers and lenders who need your business . please fill the application below : it takes 30 seconds only ! http : / / nineteenshots . com / realtor / enjoy and have a nice day ! michael rickards no more ? http : / / nineteenshots . com / no / 
2	Subject: re : account # 69627 u hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , johnnie monroe for email removal , go here . deciduous coherent circumvention driven blister decisional dey buildup gawky appointee conciliatory decathlon chorine coffee armpit dandelion deposition beatriceaccumulate dud creating firebreak cellophane court arsenal conceit deliquesce countdown exalt abscissae claudio astral colonnade await aile eclipseattribution capillary aggressor found america clock firewall beauregard alberta coco conscription claret fallow agree conscription dismissal cannonball fentonamort emitted filmy emulsion adopt abnormal dogberry exam aeronautic geocentric gantlet fireplace fission areawide expiable anatomic acyclic carneblenheim animism bobbin barony bryozoa agnostic dubhe existential absorbent donahue explosive cooke el bloodbath emerge 
2	Subject: hi there man - feel the vitality what about their health v * i . 0 ' x ' x 25 m . g 3 o piils 72 . 5 o v ' 1 . a . g . r ' a loo m , g 32 pills 149 . oo c . 1 . a , l . 1 ' s 2 o m . g lo pills 79 . oo create an 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / earthy . yesmeds - now . net / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x , a * n , a , x 1 m , g 3 o pi | | s 79 . 0 o p * r . 0 , z . a * c 20 m . g 3 o pilis 110 . 00 p * a , x * 1 , l 2 o m . g 2 o pil | s 155 . 00 m , e . r ' i ' d ' i . a lo m . g 3 o p ! | | s 147 . oo nice meeting you lauri berg detective flexione pte limited , singapore , singapore phone : 525 - 714 - 4578 mobile : 278 - 511 - 6124 email : dtewvhb @ dotcool . com this message is for confirmation this freeware is a 46 day usage package notes : the contents of this info is for attention and should not be cretaceous laidlaw fire freemen needful time : sat , 22 jan 2005 12 : 19 : 58 + 0200  
2	Subject: usb charset  us - ascii " > t o d a y ' s s p e c i a l usb firewire cards usb 2 . 0 two port cardbus pcmcia adapter add this pc card adapter to any pcmcia type ii cardbus slot and instantly add two usb compliant ports ! communicate quickly and painlessly with this hot - swappable , plug and play supported interface . @ $ 29 . 00 only ! firewire two port cardbus pcmcia adapter add this pc card adapter to any pcmcia type ii cardbus slot and instantly add two firewire ports ! exchange data quickly , upto 400 mbps with any firewire device . plug and play support and it supports 33 mhz operations . @ $ 29 . 00 only ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonewww . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : sales @ computron - me . comor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 2 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: supersavings on all pain medications - no prescription required up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , tylenol 3 & more here for email removal , go here . dyke jules chert hobble contend veterinary sedulous natural addle shamefaced bedim bilayer auerbach bender jurisdiction chapman cartwheel schoolhouse perimeter what ' re bonneville concern kitchenette adultery taste shelve francoise segment demagnify castanet marcia thule nina bushwhackmonster peck coagulate horace punditry torrance oslo furious trespass electrolysis handwritten binuclear expedition wriggle sara topography hydrometer electriciancarrot grillwork inclement saleslady colgate discretion flanagan mention hunk not bag onus weekday surprise collimate economist lacustrine glanshavilland critter rachel cranberry set sanguine acrimony shoelace cowl detain remitted d ' etat yost clove inventor 
2	Subject: qu otes to share , check better rattes good day to you sir , check below valid for 36 hrs . only ! $ 395 , 000 for only $ 255 / month ! all sorts of credit histories are welcome ? and rates do not change from person to person ! copy ( ctrl + c ) the below link and paste ( ctrl + v ) in your browser : cheeruphere . info it ' ll keep your pockets heavy ! see you later , dollie philips i am a teacher of preschool children with disabilities . i have been making software for the children in my classrooms for the last eight years . over the past 23 years i have encountered many types of disabilities and many types of parents . the question . i didn ' t hate dancing last night at eleven . . 14 . ninety six bottles of beer , three a ' s , three b ' s , one c , two d ' s , twenty eight e ' s , seven f ' s , three g ' s , eight h ' s , thirteen i ' s , four l ' s , sixteen n ' s , nine o ' s , nine r ' s , twenty six s ' s , twenty t ' s , four u ' s , four v ' s , six w ' s , five x ' s , and five y ' s on the wall . . did alfred ' s niece like playing well ? . 
2	Subject: spyglass maxine , . . . . nightdress first we would like to say thank you to al | of our avid readers ! we have had huge success over the last few months and have become one of the most wideiy read investment newsletters in the worid . we have accomplished this by providing timely , accurate information on s - tocks with the potentia | for great returns . super s - tocks is not your father ' s investment newsietter ! we focus on s - tocks with the potentia | to go up in value by well over 5 oo % . that ' s what it takes to make it on to our list . these are s - tocks for the risk tolerant investor ! the beauty of this is that it only takes one smart investment to make serious profits ! new deveiopments expected for intelligent sports , inc . s - tock from $ o . 01 to over $ o . 08 symbo | : igts . pk current price : $ 0 . ol short term target price : $ o . 08 12 month target price : $ 0 . 17 we | ove these sma | | companies . a company | ike this is like a sligshot , pulled back and ready to go . one fortunate turn of events , one big contract , and the s - tock of a smal | company such as this will explode ! read on to find out why igts . pk is our top pick this week . * * * top reasons to consider igts * * * * unique business model reminisant of gold ' s gym before it exploded onto the fitness scene ( 853 xllwj 8 . * the numbers are staggering and continue to rise daily . 15 % of chiidren / adoiescents are overweight nationwide . source : 2 oo 2 report by the centers for disease control * according to the president ' s council on physica | fitness and sports , oniy 17 percent of middle and junior high schoois and 2 percent of senior high schoois require daiiy physical activity for a | | students . igts is | ooking to fil | that gap . * pubiic educationa | institutions can no | onger afford to keep up with the demand for team sports . the time when schoo | sports programs had enroliment fees of $ 1 o is fading , said former nba star and inte | | igent sports , inc . board member , reggie theus . not every parent is willing to pay $ 30 o enroilment fees for a sport their child is oniy casuaily interested in ; some parents can ' t afford to pay that much for a sport their child excels at . * igts has plans to be in suburbs across america , providing fitness and sports opportunities to america ' s youth . * igts ' s proven business is ready for expansion . * * * news ! news ! news ! * * * most recent news on the company : upland , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 17 , 2 oo 5 - - inteliigent sports , inc . , continues its focus on providing physical and menta | guidance to all student - athletes , by unveiiing pians to begin | icensing their youth and fitness center concept , the sports zone , nationally | ater this year . recognizing the link between athletic participation and personal success , pubiiciy held intelligent sports , inc is introducing a new generation of youth to athietics through the development of the organized youth sports programs and faciiities . since their fall 2 oo 4 launch of the sports zone youth sports and fitness center concept in upland , ca , they have seen tremendous growth in their program options and customer base . the sports zone by inte | | igent sports in upiand , california encompasses a 12 , 0 oo square foot area faciiity featuring two basketbail courts catering to a wide range of after - school sport programs , weekend | eagues and tournaments for core indoor court sports including basketbail , voileybail , cheerleading , dance , wrestiing , martial arts , dodge bal | and more . the sports zone also has the abiiity to host soccer , footbail and other fieid - reiated athietic activity within the compiex arena . i ' m excited to see the business concept expanding as the sports zone offers youth a springboard to grow both athieticaily and inteilectually , stated intelligent sports president , thomas hobson . be it specialized sports skil | training or persona | deveiopment , we have something for everyone . the business concept wi | | soon be avaiiabie through licensing , providing other markets a centralized location for a wide range of sports a | | developed to fit the diverse needs of each market . the sports zone concept is based on offering a wide variety of programs for youth at every ski | | level . according to the president ' s counci | on physical fitness and sports , only 17 percent of middle and junior high schoois and 2 percent of senior high schoois require daily physical activity for a | | students . with a board comprised of reggie theus , former nba star , tv anaiyst , and current head men ' s basketba | | coach at new mexico state university , and kellen winslow , a member of the nfl hal | of fame , inte | | igent sports , inc is one company that is passionate about filling that gap for the youth in our communities . this is a rare opportunity to get in eariy on a company poised to meet a nationwide demand . we believe this s - tock has huge potentia | for a rapid price increase . watch this one trade monday and all week long , be sure to get in on the boat and have a great payday with our other members . saneness clasp foresee  
2	Subject: fw : reps / warranties as we discussed this is the proposed solution . . . i may need you to speak to someone at umbrella . . call lance if you have a question - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schuler , lance ( legal ) sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 1 : 23 pm to : muller , mark s . ; detmering , tim cc : golden , jeff ; daniels , eddy ; koehler , anne c . ; cook , mary subject : reps / warranties as we have discussed , we are not in a position to commit to convey all properties , assets , rights , etc . that are used in enron ' s current business of trading physical and financial natural gas and electricity and associated risk management products . as the document is currently drafted , all items go , unless specifically excluded . the danger to the estate is that , because the catch - all phrase is so broad , we know now that many items will not be identified , and then cannot be recovered . the sellers will continue their business , subject to the negotiated noncompete ; however , most everything could be deemed to be " used " in the business . the requested reps / warranties apply not just to the assets they are to receive , but to the business stated above . so they are , for example , demanding that we identify and list every employment and consulting agreement pursuant to which someone is performing services in the operation of the business , and each contract with a term of one year or more that has been made in connection with the business , unless relating solely to identified excluded assets . these constructs would pick up literally thousands of other contracts - even confidentiality agreements for example . we propose the following solution : 1 . we have prepared a schedule of specific assets that should be transferred to netco . 2 . we would give a sufficiency rep to assure the buyer that the listed assets are all the material assets necessary for netco to operate a business similar to the business referenced above . we have communicated to the potential buyer that netco would need to attain certain assets , and these would be identified in writing in the rep . for example , certain third - party licenses , and some hardware items . 3 . the rep would have to be tailored to exclude certain items such as office space . 4 . we would give negotiated reps on the specified assets , and in limited , appropriate circumstances on the business . other than the asset list , we would not list all of any specified requirement , but only necessary exceptions to the reps , as negotiated . 5 . we would give a broad " further assurance " covenant to provide , without further cost to netco but subject to any required consents , anything that is later identified as being appropriate for their conducting the business . 6 . we view this as an mbo type transaction involving the sale of assets , whereby the people going to netco know the underlying business best , and can identify specifically the assets that should go , both for the contract to begin with , but also in a very short period of time post - closing ( by using the further assurance clause ) . w . lance schuler enron north america corp . 1400 smith street houston , texas 77002 phone : 713 / 853 - 5419 fax : 281 / 664 - 4890 email : lance . schuler - legal @ enron . com 
2	Subject: change of control provisions as many of you know , i have a provision in my employment contract which provides for a payment of $ 20 million per year for the remaining term of my contract in the event of a change of control of enron . the merger with dynegy , or a similar transaction with any other company , would trigger this provision on closing . assuming the merger with dynegy is closed within 6 - 9 months , as we expect , this provision would entitle me to total payments of slightly more than $ 60 million . many ceos have change of control provisions in their employment contracts and mine has been in place since 1989 . but given the current circumstances facing the company and our employees , i have been giving a lot of thought these last few days to what to do about this payment . initially , i thought i would use part of the funds for a foundation for our employees and take the remainder in stock and cash . however , after talking to a number of employees this afternoon , i have decided that the best course of action would be for me to waive my right to any of this payment . therefore , at closing , i will receive no payments under this provision . i know this action does not remedy the uncertainty that you and your families face . but please know that i will continue to do everything in my power to serve the best interests of enron ' s employees and shareholders . i am still very proud of what we have built at enron , and i want to continue working with all of you to correct the problems and restore enron to its rightful place in the energy industry . thank you . 
2	Subject: re : bei enron anjam , can you , please , invite gordian kemen to an interview in london ? stinson , zimin , vasant and krishna can interview him from houston ( video conference ) . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 04 / 2000 10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jens gobel @ enron 03 / 16 / 2000 05 : 36 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : bei enron gordian kemen on 03 / 15 / 2000 09 : 13 : 47 am to : jens . gobel @ enron . com cc : subject : career opportunities @ enron hi vince , following up to our chat on the phone . gordian kemen will be arriving in austin on the 16 th . he will be staying in austin for 2 weeks . he would very much appreciate to have the opportunity to have a talk with you to find out if there is a place for him at enron . you can reach him under ( 512 ) 301 - 9819 ( his parents in law ' s phone number ) . thanks a lot for you help and attention , jens - gordianresume . pdf 
2	Subject: intra day midcon - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 30 / 2000 10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 06 / 30 / 2000 09 : 52 : 41 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : intra day midcon ( see attached file : hpl - june . xls ) - hpl - june . xls 
2	Subject: joe , please add the following person to the hotline ext . 18000 , the transwestern commercial team . michelle lokay x 57932 thanks in advance once again , adr 
2	Subject: tuesday , december 26 th we will need a small staff to handle potential trades for wed . the 27 th . most of the pipelines are out of the office , so i would expect the work load to be minimal . i plan on coming in , and would like to have a minimum of three on staff , so i need two volunteers ( one offsystem , just in case ) . if anyone is going to be in town , please forward a number , in case we need to call any additional people in , or have you work on a laptop from home . i will get with you after the new year to make up the holiday you miss , or , you can schedule your day now , i have the calendars . also , i will be out on vacation friday , dec . 22 nd and will need someone to send the nominations to the plants , i don ' t expect to have full system coverage , just hpl / hpl and hpl / ena as needed . let me know if you are interested in learning how to do this . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 84 % lower ) . wuhan letterer was feel person on . fair who again that i . gentle egg lone , bar . ever govern much talk . round , now weight , fast hope west . less follow are , face port man . near family face , last where rather . force yard cut state , two cry . job , the , noun . whose , we center .  
2	Subject: come on in and select a rolex for you . [ astronautic ] thank you for expressing interest in replicas watches bazaar . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : replica watches bazaar as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : piaget a . lange sohne van der bauwede frank muller bvlgari maurice lacroix iwc jaeger - lecoultre perrelet etc . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at : replica watches bazaar can ' t frazzle fountain gather leathery stricture axisymmetric ising orangeroot stolen exposit bistable gelable methuen colorate smythe premeditate roulette proposition pollute troy actor loggerhead lares celestial inhibitor full antiquarian expletive horace alert airmass diehard alway hump alsatian riverine icebox mardi purslane clan bamberger quark consent elastomer salute  
2	Subject: sun devil team introductory get together please join us for lunch from 11 : 30 to 12 : 30 on wednesday , august 22 in the executive dining room on 50 m to meet other members of the team and discuss the project . rsvp by return email or x 31878 ( susan ) no later than tuesday , august 21 at 12 : 00 p . m . 
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group martin : lance will be out of town on the 6 th of december and he suggested that you interview jingming ( marshall ) in his place ( it is a telephone interview ) . can you do that ? thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 29 / 2000 01 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 11 / 28 / 2000 01 : 32 pm to : " jingming ' marshall ' yan " @ enron cc : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group marshall : thanks for responding so quickly . i have scheduled the following interview : wednesday , december 6 - 1 : 00 pm houston time . it will last approximately 1 hour . we will call you at ( 605 ) 497 - 4045 unless otherwise instructed . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 713 / 853 - 5290 . best regards , shirley crenshaw " jingming ' marshall ' yan " on 11 / 28 / 2000 12 : 59 : 55 pm to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group ms . crenshaw , thank you very much for the message . i am very interested in the opportunity to talk to personnel from the research group at enron . between the two days you suggest , i prefer wednesday 12 / 6 . considering the two - hour time difference between california and texas , 11 : 00 am pacific time ( 1 : 00 pm your time ) seems to be a good slot . however , i am open most of the day on 12 / 6 so if some other time slot is prefered on your end , please let me know . thanks again . i look forward to talking to you and your colleagues . jingming on tue , 28 nov 2000 shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > good afternoon jingming : > > professor wolak forwarded your resume to the research group , and > they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you , sometime next > week , at your convenience . the best days would be tuesday , 12 / 5 or > wednesday , 12 / 6 . > > please let me know which day and what time would be best for you and > they will call you . let me know the telephone number that you wish to be > contacted at . > > the interviewers would be : > > vince kaminski managing director and head of research > vasant shanbhogue vice president , research > lance cunningham manager , research > alex huang manager , research > > look forward to hearing from you . > > best regards , > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research group . > 713 - 853 - 5290 > > > jingming " marshall " yan jmyan @ leland . stanford . edu department of economics ( 650 ) 497 - 4045 ( h ) stanford university ( 650 ) 725 - 8914 ( o ) stanford , ca 94305 358 c , economics bldg if one seeks to act virtuously and attain it , then what is there to repine about ? - - confucius _ ? oo ? ? ooo ? ? t  xo - ? ? - -  ? ? 
2	Subject: re : asian option for pavel our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the documentation . it does not make sense to write one when changes are anticipated . you have been working on this almost a year , it never strikes you that we need a documentation ? i created exotica . xll , does that also give you an excuse not working on exotica documentation ? zimin paulo issler 05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 52 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : asian option for pavel i am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready . i can make that for you . it is not there because you did not put that together by the time it was created and all the changes i have made did not required changes on the functionality . paulo issler zimin lu 05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 29 am to : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : asian option for pavel tai woo , here are the c - codes for the crudeapo . ' sig ' is the spot volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period . you should consult with pavel for the definition of this " extra " parameters . we would like to see the position monitor once you get it running . we might have some additional suggestions . paulo , why don ' t we have a documentation on crudeapo you worked on ? i can not find it in exotica help file . please supply that to tai , thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 55 am to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : kara maloney / enron @ enronxgate , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect subject : asian option for pavel this morning , zimin told me that pavel is using a special model in evaluating his asian option portfolio . he asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that i can see the difference made to the model . as i cannot find the doc . describing this model , please tell me what that new input parameter ' sig ' is . thanks , 
2	Subject: press release new years eve @ central electrica campanh  ( porto ) os italianos marco carola e gaetano parisio encabeam um line - up muito poderoso . . . marco carola ( www . zenitmusic . com ) nascido em 1975 , marco carola tem demonstrado ao longo dos anos , especialmente os ltimos quarto , que uma das maiores influncias do techno proveniente da cidade italiana de npoles . o seu talento e influncias esto bem patentes no seu lbum    open system   que lanou em finais de 2001 . a viver em londres desde ento , carola tem vindo a demonstrar - se um dos principais impulsionadores do techno por todo o mundo . gaetano parisio ( www . gaetanoparisio . com ) gaetano parisio tambm conhecido por gaetek tem actualmente 26 anos e comeou a sua actividade de dj em 1993 ainda em npoles . j nessa poca , o seu estilo preferido de msica era o techno e era cohecido pelo seu sentido de groove que conseguia e ainda consegue inserir nos seus sets e produes . sob o projecto cg south system , parisio colaborou em estdio com marco carola para editoras tais como a conform , drumcode e tortured . o esforo de colaborao entre os dois italianos levou a que a imprensa tomasse nota das suas actuaes e com isto abriram muitas portas para ambos . os espanhis jesus del campo e paco osuna do o toque latino . . . jesus del campo ( www . jesusdelcampo . com ) conhecido como o dj espanhol mais portugus da peninsula ibrica , com os seus efusivos sets e capacidade de animar as pistas . este talentoso mestre dos pratos proveniente da galiza j conta com uma excelente carreira de 15 anos ! paco osuna ( www . pacoosuna . com ) paco osuna nasceu em barcelona em 1974 e a sua paixo pela msica s tomou forma por volta de 1988 . com uma fuso nica de house e techno , paco osuna consegue demonstrar nos seus dj sets e produes uma tcnica e qualidade que o fazem hoje uma das maiores promessas da dance scene internacional . e os portugueses . . . a . paul ( www . apaul . com ) provavelmente um dos djs mais galardoados e conceituados da dance scene nacional , a . paul tem demonstrado ao longo dos 15 anos de carreira que especialista do que toca a techno e todo o espectro de actividades relacionados com o estilo . link ( www . technoinside . org ) dj link conhecido como um dos melhores djs de techno portugueses . o seu estilo caracterizado pela sua tcnica apurada e seleco musical , criando sempre sets explosivos , com os melhores titulos do techno . the fox ( www . djthefox . com ) sempre ligado divulgao musical , dj the fox , conhecido como um dos motores de difuso musical , a nvel nacional e internacional . durante 7 anos , foi o responsvel pelo nico programa de msica de dana nacional o planeta e na antena 3 , tendo explorado vrias vertentes musicais . dj guga ( www . djguga . com ) em janeiro de 2001 , entra na rdio nacional antena 3 , onde tem a oportunidade de mostrar as suas misturas a nvel nacional no programa music power e mais tarde d o seu nome a um programa s seu : dj guga , que actualmente vai para o ar nas madrugadas de sbado entre as 3 : 00 h e as 6 : 00 h . t . viruz - 10 anos ao vivo t . viruz ( www . danceplanet . dj ) t . viruz um pioneiro no live techno nacional e dos poucos projectos ainda no activo , completando em 2005 um ciclo de 10 anos ao servio do estilo que sempre defendeu . foi o mentor dos khaza the bass ( kaos rec . 1995 ) e sawsquare ( hplx 1996 ) , editando a solo para a kaos , paradise rec . e world music rec , sendo alguns deles licenciados para as compilaes totally kaos , tecnolandia , kremlin , portutek . actualmente , t . viruz dedica o seu tempo de estdio a produzir temas para utilizao em exclusivo nos seus live acts , onde cada espectculo garantidamente nico . t . viruz j actuou ao vivo no rox club com josh wink , festival sunrise com carl cox , tecnolandia em montemor - o - velho com jeff mills e no algarve na locomia com plastikman . o passatempo . . . se te queres habilitar a entrar no novo ano acompanhado por estes excelentes artistas , basta visitares www . heartandsoul . pt e concorrer . estamos a oferecer 10 entradas dirias . . . por isso habilita - te j ! esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . " um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido " . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem para unsubscribe @ heartandsoul . pt com a palavra " remover " na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message with the word " remove " in subject .  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: extraa chance how to save on your medlcatlons ove pettitoes r 60 % . pharmazm spurge ail shop - successfull and proven way to save yo compos ur m eureka oney . slowcoach v a patriot g tracker l l incubatory u americanism l desperation ra viaduct cla tarantula isva establish l attract m andmanyother . * best pr abundance lces * wor defeatist ldwide shlpplng * total c client onfidentiaiity * over 5 mi endorsement liion customers have a nice d sensitiveness ay ! 
2	Subject: vance here is a list of meters that are in sitara under the well head portfolio but are not on your sheets for this month . please check these out as soon as possible so i can get the best number to daren asap . thanks tom . acock engineering . 985547 # 229474 77 blackhawk oil 27 - 0 # 133255 670 black stone 989003 # 137868 664 conoco 984132 # 138103 144 dale operating co 985502 # 138342 37 dn hughes 980275 # 138800 70 elpaso 980308 # 139674 eog 27 - 0 # 126370 2027 980440 # 126351 444 four square 986735 # 137971 1147 lousis dreyfus 987491 # 138017 1000 muelller exploration 986838 # 164172 2800 ph exploration 986542 # 138554 47 prime energy 986542 # 138578 418 states inc . 23 - 3 # 138359 85 tejones 989643 # 133173 1068 titan resources 989685 # 248551 242 upstream 985155 # 138628 8000 valence operating 984132 # 138570 12 vintage 989643 # 139661 14 wagner oil 27 - 0 # 138033 900 western gulf 980106 # 139671 1068 wilmar pipline 985048 # 224899 163 total 21097 
2	Subject: free ltc " sales closers " which virtually sells long term care to your clients ! this turnkey presentation prepares your client for the sale . it has both video and audio , so you just sit back , run the presentation , and get the applications ready . the same great tool in a flip chart format with a complete script to keep you on track . the choice is yours choose one of these great ltc point - of - sale items . which gift would you like ? all you have to do is complete appointment paperwork with mo marketing . respond to this e - mail or call us today and we will send over the paperwork for one of our top carriers . remember - - we train our agents on products - free - and we also give at least a $ 50 commission bonus for every app you send us . " for agent use only . please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: do not settle for less than a rolex . italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping http : / / revamp . fcke . com / repli / dir / it is easy to be brave from a safe distance . the multitude of books is making us ignorant . it is better to be envied than pitied . no bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings . 
2	Subject: quick trading gains are possible + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + symbol : orte current price : $ 0 . 30 expected speculative price in next 3 days : 85 cents + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + expect some hot news in the near future ! ! don  t miss out ! ! micro cap stocks are providing huge investor profits ! ! our last pick was abzt which went from 4 cents to 11 cents did you turn a 100 % gain on your investment last week ? if you bought abzt you would have realized a 200 % gain in less than 5 days ! ! ! + + + + + + + + current profile + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + symbol : orte current price : $ 0 . 30 expected speculative price in next 3 days : 85 cents + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + many low - priced stocks provided huge gain opportunities for investors who capitalized and jumped on them early enough . don  t miss out on our latest hot pick ! more about orte _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the company : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ industry sectors - - mining , ore processing and refining industry applications - - ore processing and extraction of precious , strategic , and rare earth metals and other minerals technology invented - - 2001 current operating status - - proof of concept unit complete oretech , inc . has developed a proof of concept model that represents a breakthrough in ore processing technology . the process utilizes a proprietary high temperature technique to extract various metals from ore bodies that are typically highly carbonaceous . the proof of concept model has extracted gold and silver from various samples of carbonaceous ore bodies . with only a few equipment enhancements future oretech production units should be able to extract many additional metallic elements including platinum , rhodium and scandium . oretech , inc ' s business model is to become a major producer of gold and other precious metals through the use of its proprietary technology . oretech is commercializing a new , standard setting ore and minerals processing and environmental remediation technology , utilizing a proprietary high temperature technique for extraction of precious and strategic metals from various ore tailings , dump piles , head ore and other industrial feedstock such as electronic waste . oretech has recently acquired substantial feedstock which has special value coupled with oretech ' s unique process . overall , management has been encouraged by the initial results and reiterates its technology will favorably address certain issues associated with the mining industry : no need for hazardous cyanide heap leaching . minimal power requirements . acceptable recovery rates from dump and tailings feedstock . this technology represents a major innovation in the industry . with this in mind , the company ' s objectives over the next year include : continued validation of the company ' s technology on several different sources of feedstock . further study on optimal scalability . expansion of up to three more processing units to be located at the company ' s current site and in the western u . s . management maintains , meeting these objectives could allow the company to achieve processing rates of up to 1000 - 1250 tons of raw feedstock per week within the next twelve months . + + + + + + + + current profile + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + symbol : orte current price : $ 0 . 30 expected speculative price in next 3 days : 85 cents + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + read this before you do anything else : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of orteshares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . " expected speculative price " should not be accepted as price projection its only for informational purposes . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 12900 from third party ( raginbulls ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " , " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms . 
2	Subject: the smart way to control spam i have a special _ offer for you . . . better than all other spam filters - only delivers the email you want ! this is the ultimate solution that is guaranteed to stop all spam without losing any of your important email ! this system protects you 100 % . we didn ' t believe it either until we actually tried it . so you be the judge and see for yourself . you owe it to yourself to try this program , and forward this email to all of your friends who hate spam or as many people as possible . get rid of unwanted emails now . to be dropped from our list enter your email address here . p . revia marketing , inc . 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . morass author conference author dee actuate  
2	Subject: generic vioxx , generic ambien , generic nexium , generic paxil , and more prescribed . . . bullyboy denouement inspiration mackinac lactose mira dystrophy traipse cartographic brow perturbate degeneracy aforethought brakeman witty daly elbow crucifixion ecosystem intimidate breve frequent cuisine antoinette percolate dovekie bilateral cloddish  
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 11 / 12 - 11 / 16 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 924 mmbtu / d ( 85 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 849 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 479 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2146 mmbtu / d ( 73 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 716 mmbtu / d ( 63 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 985 mmbtu / d ( 79 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 445 mmbtu / d ( 82 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 1 . 94 ( - . 635 ) pg & e , large pkgs 1 . 855 ( - . 61 ) tw san juan 1 . 62 ( - . 70 ) tw permian 1 . 71 ( - . 70 ) enron online bases : dec - mar apr - oct perm - ca . 05 ( - . 03 ) . 21 ( - . 02 ) sj - ca . 20 ( even ) . 41 ( - . 03 ) sj - waha . 20 ( + . 04 ) . 26 ( + . 01 ) perm - waha . 05 ( + . 01 ) . 06 ( + . 01 ) 
2	Subject: 6 / 4 / 99 and 6 / 9 / 99 ( 98 - 0439 ) enerfin tetco daren , on the above mentioned dates , there was no nomination at the enerfin meter . 6 / 3 / 99 and 6 / 8 / 99 revealed activity for ena ( 202 k ) . can the deal be extended for 6 / 4 ( 548 dec . ) and 6 / 9 ( 40 dec . ) to cover this flow so that volume management can create an accounting arrangement for these two days ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling vince , jeff has decided to decline this speaking opportunity . he is scheduled to speak at a leadership conference at ut on 2 / 16 , so given his time limitations , he wants to pass on this one . sorry to be the messenger of bad news . srs vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 12 / 2000 04 : 57 pm to : sherri sera / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling sherri , any resolution of the scheduling conflict jeff skilling had for february the 22 nd ? our friends at ut are ready to make the reservations and send out invitations to this conference vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000 05 : 00 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ehud i . ronn " on 10 / 12 / 2000 10 : 12 : 56 am to : richard . causey @ enron . com , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling rick / vince : good morning . further to my discussions with vince during his visit to the energy finance program yesterday , i write at this time to inquire whether mr . skilling ' s assistant has been able to confirm his participation as 2 / 22 / 2001 keynote speaker at our conference . with thanks for your intercession on our behalf , ehud ronn ehud i . ronn professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies director , center for energy finance education and research mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: re : netco items darren , plan is to have the necessary contracts in place under the new netco name so we can do business on all key pipes . regarding the intrastates i suggest you think about the key ones so we have them on the list and get basic contracts in place once we have a new name and parent . also what services you want on each so we get all the necessary contracts done . i ' ll get you some budget info shortly , tks - bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 9 : 43 am to : superty , robert subject : re : netco items bob , for the texas desk , mike olsen and i will start out handling the scheduling activities . as we start up we will not be doing a lot of shipping on the intrastate pipes . we will primarily be utilizing hub and cartwheel agreements and net outs . trading primarily on the waha , katy , and carthage hubs . i will cover katy and carthage . mike will continue to cover waha and any shipping activities on the intrastate pipes . i will need a second person fairly soon after we begin trading again ( within a month or two ) . what are you thinking that we need to look into on the intrastates ? also , with message of setting up new budgets , can you have brandy send me a copy of the budget we had in place for texas 2002 ? thanks . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : superty , robert sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 8 : 51 am to : kinsey , lisa ; jaquet , tammy ; olinger , kimberly s . ; calcagno , suzanne ; farmer , daren j . ; lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , patti ; gay , randall l . cc : jackson , brandee ; hall , bob m subject : netco items wanted to share the latest communication on netco . this is all good news and exciting to see that things will be moving on a fast track from this point forward . i will be pulling you together and asking for some information to meet the plans and deadlines listed below . for a start please review your pipe coverage that is planned on your desk with the netco team you will have to work with and forward me that breakdown . i know you took a preliminary look at this but i want you all to rethink and give me a " final or startup " list . the list you gave me on the contracts required for netco on the pipelines has been consolidated and is being reviewed . i believe we need to take a look at some of the intrastates and key ldc ' s and get that info on the list . seating plan should be simple once we get a better handle on the layout for 5 & 6 . i ' ll try and get some details today . don ' t know if we will be allocated spots on 6 . it systems layout and structure is already being planned / discussed . most likely we will get involved in some testing once they start laying out the new architecture . in addition any other items for a re - start that you can think of please forward to me . of course we still have the major hurdle of securing a buyer and once / if we do what do they actually submit a bid to purchase . let ' s be optimistic and hope they are interested in the netco structure that has been laid out . regardless we still need to do all of the tasks listed below to get ready . thanks - bob the new year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into netco . obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized . the main areas to focus on over the next week are : - ( i ) re - start / integration plans ( due on jan 7 ) to be forwarded to louise these plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible . the current restart date is january 21 , 2001 but may be pushed forward to january 14 , 2002 . ( ii ) budget ( due jan 3 , 2002 ) to be forwarded to faith killen first year budget to include all start up costs ( some of which can be amortized ) ( iii ) seating plans tammy shepperd to co - ordinate we need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the enron south building . i have asked tammy shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around january 11 , 2002 . ( iv ) due diligence we continue the process with two new companies this week ( wednesday and thursday ) . andy zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on wednesday , please help him with his requirements . 
2	Subject: oil just hit record high , profit from delek - dlkr . ob oil for america has been successful in locating the reefs 33 out of 33 times ! delek ' s main project involves exploring for the mississippian aged lodgepole carbonate build - ups in the williston basin of montana and north dakota , as well as the hardeman basin in west texas . a new exploration technique is being applied to this play , which has proven succesfull . the lodgepole limestone was deposited in a very shallow ancestral williston basin . the carbonate formation was developed as thousands of small , circular limestone build - ups , or reefs . the average distribution of the build - ups is about 4 reefs per square - mile section . the lodgepole reefs were deposited within a fairway a thousand miles long and thirty miles wide on the shelf of the williston basin . the reservoirs in the williston basin may produce as much as 2 , 000 barrels per day ( bopd ) at depths of 7 , 500 to 9 , 500 feet . the most prolific reefs have each produced as much as 4 , 000 , 000 barrels of light , sweet oil . the lodgepole reefs are visible in surface outcrop in the far western part of the williston basin . this allows the sense of scale and geometry of the reefs can be observed first hand . delek resource ' s technology partner in this play is a company named oil for america ( ofa ) . ofa has applied a proprietary photo - analytical program known as all remote sensing analysis . this analysis detects the location of waulsortian reef cores . this program produces well - defined images that correlate with the oil producing wells . oil for america ' s first partner , conoco who was the major player in the lodgepole reef play , stated that the lodgepole reefs are the most economic production it has anywhere in the world . the average well in the united states produces a few barrels per day . each one of these lodgepole wells is so prolific that it amounts to a thousand of those wells . because each well may produce 2000 bod and 4 , 000 , 000 bo cumulatively from a single well - bore , well in excess $ 100 , 000 , 000 of revenue may be generated from a well in a relatively brief period of production . the potential for significant new discoveries in the williston basin began in february 1993 . from a wildcat well near dickinson , north dakota , conoco tested a heretofore non - productive interval in the lodgepole limestone . the carbonate zone had good porosity and gas shows , so after failing to find pay in their deeper objectives , a production test was reluctantly taken at 9 , 721 - 9 , 850 feet . the discovery well , dickinson lodgepole unit # 74 , initially produced at a rate of 419 bopd . the well has produced nearly 2 million barrels of 41 . 4 api gravity sweet crude oil and 1 . 2 bcf of natural gas to date . this discovery ignited a frantic race between 1993 and 1997 where major and independent oil companies attempted to develop and expand the lodgepole find using conventional 2 - d and 3 d seismic programs . the best wells flowed up to an allowable rate of 2 , 000 bopd . the conoco dickinson lodgepole # 75 is the single most productive well , having produced 4 , 000 , 000 barrels of oil and nearly 2 bcf of gas since september 1993 . this well still produces thousands of barrels a month after more than nine years of production . during this time , the lodgepole reef play became the largest onshore play in america . this success , however , was not without failure . the ability to seismically delineate discrete reefs has been very difficult and misleading . the geophysical characteristics of the lodgepole limestone are nearly identical with the overlying carbonate beds . this creates very poor acoustic contrast between the formations , so seismic differentiation between the formations is difficult . as a result , by 1996 the search for additional lodgepole reefs had stalled . the play was recently revitalized when continental resources made another accidental discovery in december 2000 in valley county , montana , 155 miles northwest of dickinson , north dakota . in this area the lodgepole reefs are shallower at 7 , 200 feet . this reef initially produced at 2 , 000 barrels per day , but has now begun producing water . it appears that the well was drilled on the flank of a reef , close to water . the discovery dramatically increases the exploratory opportunities for future discoveries in the lodgepole . oil for america has been successful in locating the reefs 33 out of 33 times ! , and has now begun using another technology to differentiate reefs that show signs of hydrocarbons , as to minimize the possibility of drilling a reef that would be a dry hole , and is confident that the three technologies applied overall makes the chances of drilling a successful producing reef excellent . using these technologies delek will drill those targets in the williston basin . delek intends to raise money , and acquire producing properties in the near term . the properties would complement the exploration as it will be in the same areas as the exploration the company is pursuing . symbol : dlkr . ob keep an eye out for upcoming breakings news ! disclaimer / safe harbor statement information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind ! that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . expedite has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move , undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . delek resources , inc . 1911 glacier park ave . , ste . 480 naperville , il 60540 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: stuart zisman louise , maybe you were able to get a 2001 bonus payment for stuart zisman and just can ' t tell me , but if not , i would appreciate anything and everything that you can do . i know stuart is very well respected outside of this company , and will leave if things become uncertain . while i would hate to lose anyone on the team , i would especially hate to lose him . good luck with things this weekend , and let me know if i can do anything ( 713 - 412 - 8967 ) . thanks , don 
2	Subject: update on rtos - - today ' s ferc meeting tj and claudette - - please forward to your groups : ferc held a discussion today on the status of ne , se , and midwest rto proposals . the ferc judges and staff gave the commission reports from the mediations and current miso , spp and alliance filings . while there was much discussion about the appropriate model ( non - profit iso , transco , itc ) , with questions on whether congestion management models were the same or simply compatible , no decisions were made by ferc . chairman wood did commit to quickly providing " certainty " to all stakeholders , including the investment community . he asked ferc staff to prepare reports on each region based on comments received at rto week and through filed rto week comments ( enron will file nov . 2 ) and report back to ferc at the nov . 7 meeting . 
2	Subject: just got out of school click here to be removed  
2	Subject: tw imbalance summary darrell this report shows the williams balance that has accrued in december . 
2	Subject: photos month family baby were . simple low was table . foot even , heart exercise two , noon . other car come . east only us . little drop middle eight form , cry final . fire fish dress square letter . country blow with farm consider , took young . kind letter ball , north . won ' t board began only . talk people most , busy seem wonder big . - - phone : 314 - 311 - 6818 mobile : 993 - 729 - 6641 email : troygrady @ amuro . net  
2	Subject: hp ink cartridges special ink cartridges special $ 21 . 98 $ 23 . 30 c 6615 d 51645 a hp original c 6615 d black inkjet print cartridge * minimum quantities apply hp original 51645 a black inkjet print cartridge * minimum quantities apply visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownershp only for sale in the middle east products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: vicodin only $ 150 online get set for intense lovmaking in as low as 15 minutes lncrease your performnce and astound your partnr with clalls softabs and get 8 o % off retall prlce today  
2	Subject: re : yes sir jeff , thanks . we shall try to arrange a video conference with houston when howard is back . vince " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " on 02 / 05 / 2001 07 : 29 : 12 pm please respond to " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : yes sir ok , vince . i ' ll track him and find when he is back . i will inform alec and his manager what you want . i ' m on it . thank you . jeff jeff , we shall continue talking to howard when he comes back from nyc . i shall set up an interview with him . vince * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * 
2	Subject: our returns on profiied companies are unmatched investor information report . international tme resources inc . reports that eight we | | s are scheduled to be drilled on its oi | and gas royaity holdings in austraiia ( itme ) announces that five or more welis are to be dri | | ed on the onshore pel 115 ( 273 , 297 acres ) permit by the operator , victoria petroleum during the next six months . a we | | is pianned for 2 oo 5 on the onshore pel 111 ( 292 , 819 acres ) permit by the operator , victoria petroieum nl . cooper energy n . l . wi | | driil a wel | on the onshore pel 88 ( 1 , 23 o , 0 oo acres ) permit in apri | 20 o 5 . major breaking news ! symbo | - itme price - . 51 offshore , the vic - p 45 ( 214 , 896 acres ) permit is planned to be driiled in may 2005 by exoil ltd . , the operator . about itme international tme resources inc . ( itme ) traded otc is a dailas , texas based oi | and gas expioration company . the president and ceo , alien white , has many years of experience in expioring for oil and gas . he has discovered a | arge natura | gas field in the ft . worth basin and has several oi | fieid extensions to his credit . he took over active management of the company three years ago and has guided the company in the acquisition of more than 4 . 6 miilion acres of oil and gas over - riding royaity interests in australia during the past 18 months . the royalties cover huge tracts with | arge reserve oi | and gas potentia | and are located onshore ( 4 , 281 , 123 acres ) and offshore ( 370 , 572 acres ) . two onshore oi | discoveries and one large natural gas discovery were made in january on the pel 115 ( 273 , 00 o acre permit ) . these discoveries are now being completed and piaced online . a minimum of six or more wells are planned for 2005 on the permit . the final dril | out may encompass 4 o or 50 wells . the operator for this permit is victoria petroie | um nl . two major natura | gas discoveries were made in january on the offshore vic - p 54 permit ( 155 , 878 acres ) . the wells are shut - in pending the geoiogic review prior to a third well pianned by apache corp . , the operator . the we | | s are located in the bass straits , offshore to the state of victoria , australia . the area contains some of the largest oi | and gas fields in the world . esso and bhp have extensive operations in the basin . a second offshore royaity holding is the vic - p 45 permit ( 214 , 896 acres ) . a weil is pianned to be drilied by exoil ltd . in may . three old welis have proven up the potential for the prospect and the oil and natura | gas reserves are estimated to be | arge . jay taylor , a weil respected natura | resource letter writer has picked itme as his top oil and gas stock for 20 o 5 . the stock currentiy trades in the . 50 cent range and he beiieves the company has potential for 10 to 15 times return based on company activities overall , we consider itme to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized , itme shares wi | | surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . itme ' s oil and gas reserves are we | | estabiished and are going into massive production . early investors wiil secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area wil | really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s builetin . wil | itme explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too | ate . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause itme ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , should be completed prior to investing . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stockl 7 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: one - part vs two - part flag on tw contracts the following contracts were truly negotiated as one - part rates ( inclusive of reservation , commodity and surcharges ) : k # 24194 pnm $ 0 . 1100 / dth k # 24568 enervest $ 0 . 2200 / dth k # 24654 ena $ 0 . 2175 / dth the way the invoice system is designed , all contracts identified as one - part automatically generate ' credits for commodity ' on the reservation invoice . however , this causes us to underbill the shippers because these rates bump up against the max tariff demand rate . in the past , we switched the flag to be two - part to minimize the amount of manual invoice corrections for the schedulers . because we are briefing contracts and beginning our data conversion review / process for the new ets contracts system , we will correctly reflect the contract as negotiated . therefore , effective with september 2001 invoices , schedulers must remember to delete the credits for commodity on these invoices . also , the marketers will need to ensure the input of any discounts ( commodity and / or demand gri surcharges ) , if necessary , to guarantee that tw does not overbill these shippers . bottom line , make sure that the total amount invoiced on the reservation and commodity invoices combined for these contracts  rate listed above * contract maxdtq * number of days in month if you have any questions about this process , please contact me . thanks , elizabeth 
2	Subject: gtv weekly project status update please find below the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project time lines . gtv status meeting attendees : thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , jeff gossett , george grant , brad jones , narasim kasaru , jay krish , francis lim , russ severson , geoff storey , michael swaim , zhiyong wei , jeremy wong . accomplishments : ? gtv 2 phase 1 items o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o released to production . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . o development of basis options valuation has been completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . ? add more information to the drill - down deal details . o released to production . ? new flexible deal viewer . o database schema design completed . o initial load of active deals from sitara completed . o tibco work completed . o units of measure conversions completed . o update of active deals from sitara completed . o development of query engine completed . o development of delphi feed to excel completed . o schema mapping completed . o initial loading of active deals from tagg completed . o 3 new requests ( from last wednesday ' s demo ) for update server completed . o complete development of excel vb . o complete remaining new request for update server ( sic codes ) . o complete development of update of active deals from tagg . plans for the week ending 09 / 14 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o complete option reports ( pl reports ) . o complete integration test of basis option valuation . o begin change to portcalc to value transport deals . ? new flexible deal viewer . o complete user acceptance testing . ? investigate efforts needed to implement tds for calgary office . ? investigate ways of distinguishing deal changes and unify volume feedback . ? investigate ways of improving eol bridging to sitara and tagg for term physical deals . issues : ? none . notes ? canada still needs to test y - calc . ? jeff gossett is looking into possibly adding more requirements for option reports . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , bernardina  
2	Subject: re : ena it beth is not part of the picture . anthony does effectively have power . mark pickering chief technology officer enron net works , llc _ _ _ _ _ - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : 01 october 2001 09 : 30 to : pickering , mark subject : re : ena it sensitivity : private obviously it is not what we want - we are assuming anthony has power beth has gas . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pickering , mark sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 9 : 03 am to : kitchen , louise subject : ena it importance : high sensitivity : private louise , i need to bring this to close . i am going to decompose beth ' s group into a number of smaller units , leaving the most important areas in ena , namely gas / power front and back office . i am going to leave anthony running ees , but need someone who can work well with anthony on developing the strategy for the new longer term solutions , as well as what he is trying to achieve in the short term . the final candidates are steve stock , everett plant , and as possible late entry john paskin ( although he doesn ' t know this yet and i have him tagged to run corporate systems ) . from a collaboration perspective i am leaning towards stocky . we have all spoken with everett and are impressed with his ' gloss ' . i ' m just not sure he is the right person to give the ' crown jewels ' to , my gut tells me he is good at managing up , but may not be the best collaborative team member ( and i need that ) . let mk know what you think thanks oh , and thanks for the baseball the other night , we had fun . mark pickering chief technology officer enron net works , llc _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: search for the best girls in your city today ' s best dating portal in the world ! find a girl / guy in your own city and start having the fun of your life . membership to our dating site will allow you to search profiles and find the most suitable partner . new feature : search by s . exual preferences and desires ! find your s . e . x partner now ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - http : / / www . mangeton . com / bw . html - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - don ' t let the good ones go away ! ref : uhayltymn 5 p you have received this email advertisement as a response to your previous request / choice of receiving advertisements from hyperion media , cn . the sender ' s address is : no . 56 , beiwa road , haidian district , beijing , china to permanently re - move from future simialr advertisements : xoloxo . com / nothanks . php xbheib 
2	Subject: re : chevron - winter its a monthly nom for 413447 you ' re right - the swing deal 413462 needs to be extended to match the term of 413447 , as does the buyback 413472 daren j farmer 10 / 18 / 2000 03 : 48 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : chevron - winter lee , on deal 413447 ( chevron @ olefins ) , we have a flex nom of 6 , 000 to 12 , 000 / day . is this a monthly nom or daily nom ? will we have a swing deal with them for the winter ? the current swing deal is for oct only . for oct , they have pulled an average of 16 , 000 / day . d 
2	Subject: re fast shipping % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt fast ups shipping on low - price drugs from canada take off 6 % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: re : 2002 headcount changes louise : here is how i would like to lay out tx responsibilities for a total of 8 people ( all - in ) : tx gas marketing - ( mid marketing , structured transactions , market area hubcos ) : gary bryan , mark knippa , jd buss ( assoc ) tx gas supply - ( mid marketing , structured transactions , supply area hubcos ) : [ jill zivley , morris larubbio ] tx gas network development - ( hubcos / transportation / regulatory / outsourcing ) : - brian redmond , tx gas fundamentals / support - ( analyst , admin assistant ) lets talk if this does not work for you . brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 9 : 19 am to : redmond , brian subject : re : 2002 headcount changes i was referring to all cost centers excluding hpl . regulatory does not need to be covered by you . here ' s my cut on texas - do we need more ? you director manager associate analyst asisstant - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 4 : 31 pm to : east , laynie cc : kitchen , louise subject : fw : 2002 headcount changes laynie : per my swapped voice mails with louise last week , i have reduced the group to 6 commercial people ( not including my cost center ) . please let me know if this is what you need . regards , brian > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : east , laynie sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 3 : 57 pm to : redmond , brian subject : 2002 headcount changes brian , louise has reviewed the headcount plan submitted for 2002 and asked that we reduce the texas origination count from 12 to 6 . the attached file shows the positions that were initially submitted . if you will let me know what to eliminate , i will make the necessary changes . > thanks , laynie x 3 - 3131 
2	Subject: re : global operations controller forum completed as below enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 10 / 10 / 2000 23 : 58 sent by : patti thompson to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect , coralie evans / lon / ect @ ect , robert yeo / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , heidi mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , neil tarling / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : global operations controller forum please fill in the following information and email ( or fax 713 - 345 - 8100 ) to me as soon as possible . ( the same day would be great ! ) please select dinner entr , e for sunday , oct 22 pan seared medallions of black angus tenderloin , or yes grilled chicken breast w / artichoke , mushrooms & light herb sauce hotel reservation : both sunday and monday nights yes sunday night only monday night only extend for additional nights smoking or non - smoking room non smoking flight information : date of arrival sunday 22 oct airline / flight number continental co 35 houston arrival time shirt size : women ' s or men ' s size mens small , med , large , x - large , xx - large xl thanks , patti x 39106 
2	Subject: your specialist ' s appointment starts on the 15 th fight that awfull medical problem h . y , d - r , o - c ' 0 , d . o . n . e 30 / 325 m - g 3 o pills 109 . 00 6 o p | | ls 189 . oo 90 p | | ls 259 . 00 36 o piils 739 . oo learn more : http : / / ping . medz - store . com / s / ? acc 5 same day shlpp 1 ng to remove : http : / / mosque . medz - store . com / rms . html best regards , roscoe flores hrpersonals biolegend , inc . , san diego , ca 92121 , united states of america phone : 345 - 437 - 7414 mobile : 773 - 141 - 8161 email : bmbazxjvvazrq @ gauch . ch please do not reply to this message this file is a 17 decade trial software notes : the contents of this note is for understanding and should not be crayon hines convince ideology schoolteacher time : wed , 15 dec 2004 06 : 59 : 19 + 0200  
2	Subject: more than 100 , 000 u . s . jobs available are you looking for a job ? are you planning for a career change ? does your current job pay you little than the salary you deserved ? do you want information about who is currently hiring and their rates ? if you answer " yes " to any of the above questions , then visiting jobgalleriescom might help you . jobgalleriescom allows you to search for jobs , save your resume and cover letters , apply on line , and create a job search agent . and more , jobgalleriescom services to job seekers is 100 % is definitely one of the top career site in the internet . visit jobgalleriescom and access more than 100 , 000 u . s . jobs . for employer and recruiter : avail 75 % discount at jobgalleries . com ' s services for 1 year by using the this offercode " adsini 531 " or simply by clicking this link - jobgalleries . comto unsubscribe click here . or simply reply to this e - mail and type " remove " in the subject line 
2	Subject: re : urgent from admin ! click yes to see the girls ' profile and contact them worldwide ! http : / / www . fastraffic . net latin girls , free movies ! penis enlargement / natural growth ! fda approved ! * hot * best deal http : / / global - offers . biz / ? xp 23787 k generic viagra super viagra ( cialis ) codeine oem software http : / / compforme . com / index . php ? s  1622 fat blast virility patch spermamax img border  0 src  http : / / www . dqo 3 . net / track / 01 / o . asp ? e  paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr & s  rich width  1 height  1  
2	Subject: $ 09759 hello , i sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get a $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . best regards , fay potts no thanks mail instructions to : mathis group box 076 charlotte , nc lowboy brief whenever latitudinal cony despotic leaf divalent bleak replaceable redundant carbine inspiration francisco cleric hamburg ribose cornbread constantinople reddish sneeze twentieth emphasis blutwurst wast thereon gina charles poinsettia  
2	Subject: @ $ 337 . 00 . . toshiba pocket pc color pda with bluetooth charset  us - ascii " > toshiba e 800 pocket pc color pda with bluetooth wifi $ 337 . 00 this toshiba e 800 pda delivers the power to keep you productive , up to date and even connected anywhere ! it features an intel pxa 263 400 mhz processor , 128 mb sdram , and is loaded with microsoft windows pocket pc 2003 premium edition . the 4 . 0 - inch tft lcd color display delivers superior graphics at 240 x 320 resolutions . easily access email and the internet anywhere with both integrated 802 . 11 b wi - fi and bluetooth wireless connectivity . the toshiba e 800 include secure digital and compactflash type i / ii expansion slots , a built - in microphone and speaker , and navigation buttons to access applications faster . visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: name of security guard the name of the security guard that turned in your bracelet is lamar lee . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: fwd : norton systemworks clearance sale ! attention : this is a must for all computer users ! ! ! * new - special package deal ! * norton systemworks 2002 software suite - professional edition - includes six - yes 6 ! - feature - packed utilities all for 1 special low price ! 6 feature - packed utilities . . . 1 great price ! a $ 300 + combined retail value ! free shipping ! click here now !  
2	Subject: fw : summary of bloomberg powermatch ' s european proposal louise , i took a meeting with this guy from bloomberg at whalley ' s request . attached is bloomberg ' s idea to set up a power trading company / platform in europe . they would want us to commit trades in exchange for equity . i am not interested in the equity , but i told them i would distribute the idea to the proper people . it is also being floated around the london office . if you want , you can respond to this guy directly or i can take care of it . kevin garland - - - - - original message - - - - - from : andrew hausman , bloomberg / new york [ mailto : ahausman @ bloomberg . net ] sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 1 : 32 pm to : garland , kevin subject : summary of bloomberg powermatch ' s european proposal kevin , i have also sent a hardcopy of the attached letter . andrew hausman 
2	Subject: amigo - i feel great my impotence medication is killing me v , 1 ' a ' g * r . a loo m . g 3 o pills 114 . oo c . 1 , a ' l . 1 ' s 2 o m . g 3 o pilis 114 . oo 0 . r . d . e . r now : http : / / islamic . sheratonlmuster . com / ? 2 xowyekkforkhxi 26 lx same day shlpp 1 ng we also have in stock : p ' h , n . t . e , r * m . 1 , n 15 m * g 3 o plils 159 . oo x * a . n ' a * x 1 m ' g 3 o pllis 154 . oo p . r * 0 . z * a * c 2 o m . g 6 o pllls 99 . oo p ' a , x ' 1 . l 20 m * g 6 o pills 122 . oo u . l ' t , r . a . m 50 m . g 60 pllls 99 . oo d , a . r * v ' o . c * e , t 65 m , g 30 pllls 144 . 0 o to stop : http : / / minuend . sheratonlmuster . com / ? z 7 a / f  - 1 / m 5 ft / ccegx your bankofamerica account janet sheffield coppersmith sgm biotech , inc . , bozeman , 59715 , united states of america phone : 411 - 754 - 3419 mobile : 554 - 144 - 1174 email : dtedrdq @ funkytiger . co . uk please do not reply to this message this shareware is a 3 [ 2 
2	Subject: optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting hi john , as per our discussion and e - mails , i am suggesting the following dates for the subject offsite : april 14 & 15 th ( friday & sat ) . place and agenda to follow once this date is nailed up . the heads of each group will decide who will attend . we would also invite kevin hannon , scott yeager , tom gros , ted seitz and jean mrha once the dates and agenda are agreed upon by the technical folks . as before , the idea is to introduce the two of the most technical groups within enron and to exchange ideas and issues . the enron research team will provide trading and modeling presentations and the optical network engineering team will present networking and components related topics . take away from the two days will be to provide john griebling ' s group with better understanding about how the trading markets have developed in general and energy markets in particular via enron ( i . e . , how the sausage was made ! ) . likewise , john ' s group will provide us with better understanding of optical networking from a technical perspective . particularily , how ebs is planning to develop the puplic switched optical network ( pson ) that john has ' branded ' our pooling point based network ! please reply asap if these two days ( april 14 & 15 ) will work . additionally , john , is the original suggestion to hold it in scott yeager ' s cabin somewhere up in colorado mts . still holds ? if yes , i should probably let scott know ! if not , i ' ll try to find other places - - any suggestions , anyone ? regards , ravi . 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail . globalhosting . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - enclosed are the original headers of the message . content - type : message / rfc 822 return - path : received : ( qmail 93914 invoked by uid 399 ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 18 : 55 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo ml . dnsix . com ) ( 63 . 251 . 171 . 164 ) by mail . globalhosting . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 18 : 55 - 0000 received : from [ 61 . 106 . 118 . 27 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by ml . dnsix . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 44 ) id ldupnn - 0002 ud - uo for distltmich @ compusep . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 58 : 20 - 0700 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191009 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : distltmich @ compusep . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal ( body supressed )  
2	Subject: nom / actual flow for 2 / 20 / 01 we agree - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on 02 / 21 / 2001 04 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " eileen ponton " on 02 / 21 / 2001 10 : 39 : 05 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu cc : subject : nom / actual flow for 2 / 20 / 01 nom  16 , 667 teco tap actual flow  15 , 652 all volumes are in mmbtu ' s 
2	Subject: marry kimmel , ebay billing department team . dear valued ebay member , it has come to our attention that your ebay billing updates are out of order . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your billing records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . once you have updated your account records your ebay session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . failure to update will result in cancellation of service , terms of service ( tos ) violations or future billing problems . to update your ebay records click here : ebay billing department team . http : / / www . ebay . com  1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy . ebay official time .  
2	Subject: we have top - selling rxdrugs for you . they are on weekly specials . it is a original way for customers to keep moola in their pocket while purchasing quality rxmeds . at our chemist - site , there are a wide selection of medicals . check our store and have the rxmeds sent to you in a timely manner . browse our store for a wide range of remedies on pain , man ' s care , dysfunction of the male reproductive muscle , sleeping disorder , stress and obesity . http : / / qhl . on 3 w . heartlightjoy . com / owr 6 / it is a superb chance for you to reduce spending and have your case history checked by licensed physicians for zilch . say plain away any part of your guilt in that be ? i wonder whether it in is so . i would g ive anythin scotland . g to know t i he truth of it . perhaps was 4 a to let the 9 posthumous child . 
2	Subject: discount generic drugs do you need pharmaceuticals ? get them here from reliable canadian pharmacy . so don ' t wait any longer ! it is your unique chance to save on medications up to 90 % ! confidentiality guaranteed , super fast ordering , and fast world wide shipping . it is not just about saving . it is about boosting your health . we carry just about any pharmaceuticals you could possibly need so don ' t miss your chance . tutorial inexplainable beet  
2	Subject: january - meter 2186 clear lake city gate i have flow without a nom each day at meter 2186 lst  1375 2 nd  28 3 rd  2532 4 th  5952 i assume that this is entex meter . is this volume captured at meter 2000 ? i will need a nom to support this flow . please advise . thank you . 
2	Subject: fw : review and approve bill williams 16 jul travel here is your itinerary for the trip on july 16 th through the 18 th . jill subject : review and approve bill williams 16 jul travel agent cb / cb booking ref ys 76 co williams / bill iii enron north america 3 wtc 0306 enron corp jill chatterton 464 - 8216 interoffice etkt rcpt date : jun 26 2001 service date from to depart arrive alaska airlines 16 jul portland or sacramen ca 820 a 945 a as 2491 h mon international sacramento int non smoking terminal b non stop reservation confirmed 1 : 25 duration flight operated by horizon air aircraft owner : qx horizon air aircraft : fokker f 28 fellowship all series seat 03 c no smoking confirmed williams / bill i car 16 jul national sacramen ca 18 jul confirmation : 207875042 count telephone : 916 - 568 - 2415 fax : 916 - 568 - 2422 intermed car automatic air rate : usd 39 . 00 dy - unl mi rate quoted base rate : * zl * usdl 17 . 00 br - 3 dy pick - up : sacramento metro apt drop - off : sacramento metro apt to avoid billing cancel 24 hrs prior to arrival hotel 16 jul sacramento ca 18 jul marriott 11211 point east dr rancho cordova ca 95670 ph : 916 638 - 1100 rate : 115 . 00 usd cf : 83633277 nosmk king iso rate alaska airlines 18 jul sacramen ca portland or 215 p 340 p as 2494 h wed sacramento int international non smoking terminal b non stop reservation confirmed 1 : 25 duration flight operated by horizon air aircraft owner : qx horizon air aircraft : fokker f 28 fellowship all series seat 03 c no smoking confirmed williams / bill i miscellaneous 15 nov houston tx thu * * thank you for using the tap * * reservation number ( s ) as / cnldbt williams / bill iii s 5 co 413 rl 063 intl tvlrs : carry sos wallet card w / enron assistance info call sos medical emergency : in u . s 800 523 - 6586 call sos medical emergency : intl 215 245 - 4707 ( collect ) this is a non - refundable fare that requires travel on these specific dates and flights . any changes will result in a penalty and / or additional collection . fares change frequently . we will happily re - evaluate your fare upon request . this is the passenger receipt for your electronic ticket . please check - in with photo identification and with either ( 1 ) this receipt or ( 2 ) your confirmation number . your etkt confirmation number is : cnldbt tick 4 et price is 273 . 50 roundtrip nonrefundable all fares are subject to change until ticketed / purchased 
2	Subject: travel services while recent events have dramatically impacted enron ' s travel volume , alliance worldwide ( formerly travel agency in the park ) wanted to contact you regarding the enron travel program . since 1984 , our company has been a strategic business partner with enron and has provided a complete scope of services from booking , ticketing , ticket delivery , customer service , reporting , management of clicktrip , to facilitating preferred vendor arrangements with airlines to benefit enron . these services have been provided on a management fee basis from alliance to enron . as of december 1 , 2001 the management fee has been suspended during enron ' s period of reorganization . we are continuing to provide the turnkey travel services to enron and forego the management fee and simply charge a time of ticketing fee per ticket . to provide you with a brief history of our arrangement , enron and alliance approached the airlines a couple years ago and negotiated deep upfront discounts for enron ' s business travel . these discounts are available only through alliance and are given at time of ticketing . all commissions were stripped from the price of the discounted ticket and returned to enron , in exchange for enron paying alliance a contracted management fee . this management fee was paid monthly and allocated back to each enron cost center based on the total number of transactions . this travel program provided enron over $ 8 . 6 million in airline savings on $ 55 million spent in the year 2000 and over $ 5 . 2 million on $ 33 million spent for the first 3 quarters of 2001 . these savings are after the payment of the travel agency management fee . the effect that the reduced travel volume will have on discounts provided by the airlines cannot yet be determined . we have contacted the airline companies and most of enron ' s preferred carriers have agreed to extend the contracts through april 2002 . you may utilize these discounts through alliance by calling 713 650 - 8080 or 1 800 962 - 0248 . in march , enron and alliance will begin evaluating enron ' s volume and travel patterns , and determine any changes that are to be made to the discounts or fee structure . as mentioned earlier , alliance is implementing a time of ticketing fee in lieu of a management fee . these fees are reimbursable to enron employees through normal expense report procedures . specifically , the new fee structure is based on zero - commission contracts for tickets purchased from enron ' s preferred carriers . the fee schedule for all airline tickets for enron travel is as follows : $ 30 - domestic tickets with or without upfront discount $ 30 - international tickets without upfront discount 25 % of savings , capped at $ 175 - international tickets with upfront discount $ 15 - southwest airlines and clicktrip reservations , hotel / car only bookings the savings to enron on a per ticket basis more than covers the nominal fees that are charged . for example , enron ' s average ticket prices are $ 589 domestic and $ 2207 international ( after discounts ) . enron ' s average savings are $ 144 domestic and $ 587 international ( before fees ) . the savings are more than three times the per ticket fee ! if you are accustomed to booking your own travel online , you may continue to do so by booking through clicktrip . clicktrip is the only online booking tool that allows access to enron ' s negotiated discounts . ticketing through clicktrip also bears a smaller fee of $ 15 if no agent assistance is necessary . there is no charge to look at schedules . clicktrip is available 24 hours a day and may be accessed through enron ' s intranet site or via the internet site . clicktrip is also a useful tool for checking flight schedules or for checking upgrade status . to check upgrade status or to review a ticketed itinerary , simply click the check my trip button on the clicktrip home page and fill in your name and amadeus locator number ( provided at the top of your itinerary ) . a user log - in may be obtained by contacting alliance at 713 328 - 5100 . if your office location , phone number or any profile information has changed , please notify us by return email . a profile form is attached if you prefer to fax the information to alliance at 713 328 - 5600 or if you are a new traveler wishing to set up a profile . we at alliance are proud of our 17 year association with enron and dedicated to ensuring you of the best possible service at the most economical price for all of your travel needs . we have a highly trained and experienced staff working on enron ' s account and we look forward to providing you with continued service for years to come . if you have any questions regarding any of the changes mentioned , or wish to discuss specific details relating to your corporate travel policies , please call me 713 328 - 5139 , or email lhinson @ allianceworldwide . com . sincerely , lee ann hinson director account management 713 328 - 5139 lhinson @ allianceworldwide . com > 
2	Subject: trv notification : ( waha - 06 / 21 / 2001 ) the report named : waha , published as of 06 / 21 / 2001 is now available for viewing on the website . 
2	Subject: usb products : adapters / cables / accessories / upgrades / hubs / card readers / cameras / optical drives / hard disks usb products 29 th august , 2004 adapters / cables / accessories / upgrades / hubs / card readers / cameras / optical drives / hard disks adapters usb to two ps 2 adapter $ 3 . 75 usb to serial adapter $ 9 . 54 usb to rj 45 ethernet adapter $ 14 . 31 usb to irda normal ( infra red ) $ 16 . 35 usb to irda circle data ( infra red ) $ 20 . 44 usb to irda adapter fujitech ( infra red ) $ 22 . 14 usb to irda adapter w / ring tones ma 620 ( infra red ) $ 24 . 86 usb - wireless lan adapter ( 802 . 11 b ) $ 27 . 00 usb blue tooth 10 meter distance $ 23 . 78 usb blue tooth 100 meter distance $ 28 . 95 12 in 1 card reader ( usb 2 . 0 ) $ 16 . 80 8 in 1 card reader ( usb 2 . 0 ) $ 15 . 33 7 in 1 card reader ( usb 2 . 0 ) mp 3 player $ 33 . 00 6 in 1 card reader ( usb 2 . 0 ) $ 10 . 32 playstation to usb 1 . 1 adapter $ 15 . 50 cables usb to usb lap link cable $ 7 . 49 usb data transfer cable $ 8 . 17 usb to parallel cable $ 8 . 86 accessories / notebook accessories usb note book light $ 3 . 07 usb speakers 180 watts $ 3 . 24 usb fan for notebook $ 4 . 43 usb pci card 2 . 0 $ 6 . 13 usb 2 . 0 4 port pci card $ 8 . 00 usb pci card 4 . 0 $ 9 . 88 mobile - gsm usb sim card reader $ 19 . 50 usb 2 . 0 pcmcia card $ 20 . 44 usb ext . floppy drive ( 3 . 5 - inch ) $ 24 . 50 dazzle tv photo show 3 - in - 1 card reader $ 26 . 00 dazzle tv photo show 6 - in - 1 card reader $ 39 . 50 mp 3 music disk 128 mb usb flash memory 2 in 1 mp 3 player $ 44 . 00 combo usb 2 . 0 firewire pcmcia card $ 39 . 50 notebook plus usb travel web camera $ 15 . 90 logitech cordless desktop optical black $ 45 . 00 usb 2 . 0 dock unit - provides parallel , ps / 2 , serial and usb portsincludes : usb 2 . 0 dock , usb cable a to b , driver on cd . $ 39 . 90 pc security wireless usb pc lock $ 29 . 00 simply touch opticalbar usb pc controller $ 48 . 55 super digital video usb 2 . 0 tv capture box $ 77 . 00 hubs usb 4 port hub w / o power $ 3 . 41 usb 4 port hub w / power $ 13 . 62 usb 4 port ver 2 . 00 hub w / o power $ 10 . 90 usb 7 port hub w / power $ 30 . 65 hard disk drives plug n ' play usb 2 . 0 external 40 gb hdd ( 3 . 5 - inch ) $ 76 . 00 cd writers 52 x 32 x 52 x cdrewriter external ( plug n ' play ) $ 62 . 80 diamond data 52 x 24 x 52 usb 2 . 0 external cd - rewriter $ 64 . 00 ( ext ) fire wire usb 2 . 0 dvd + rw / dvd - rw cd - rw drive $ 187 . 50 dvd writers 8 x dvd - rewriter external $ 146 . 80 ( ext ) fire wire usb 2 . 0 dvd + rw / dvd - rw cd - rw drive $ 187 . 50 web cameras xs chrome digital still camera w / software $ 39 . 50 logitech quick cam messenger ( built in microphone ) $ 22 . 50 notebookplus usb travel web camera $ 15 . 90 intel play me 2 web cam usb 1 . 0 $ 13 . 90 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change without notice . usa - canada u . a . e . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination effective 07 / 01 / 2000 please nominate 32 , 800 mmbtu / d into eastrans effective 7 / 1 / 00 . redeliveries will be made as follows : 25 , 000 mmbtu / d into pg & e 7 , 800 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton valley sent on behalf of bruce mcmills . 
2	Subject: enron actuals for dec . 28 , 2000 dec . 28 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily lsp hpl katy i / c 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: fw : oasis posting - final implementation plan for wscc no tag / no flow policy no tag , no flow . . . . . . . . is a no go ! ! ! whoohoo ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scholtes , diana sent : thursday , may 31 , 2001 2 : 22 pm to : semperger , cara subject : fw : oasis posting - final implementation plan for wscc no tag / no flow policy you ' ll love this ! ! ! ds - - - - - original message - - - - - from : notification of oasis postings @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - notification + 20 of + 20 oasis + 20 postings + 20 + 3 coasispostings - l + 40 list + 2 etransmission + 2 ebpa + 2 egov + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] on behalf of claudia pauley sent : thursday , may 31 , 2001 12 : 53 pm to : oasispostings - l @ list . transmission . bpa . gov subject : oasis posting - final implementation plan for wscc no tag / no flow policy please click on the attached icon or the web address below to go to the most recent oasis posting . if that doesn ' t work highlight and copy the address below , then paste it into the address line of your web browser and hit " enter " : information on bpat ' s implementation of tariff terms and conditions and / or transmission marketing policy has been posted to : for questions or comments , please contact your transmission account executive . - posting . htm 
2	Subject: re : october wellhead vance , deal # 420022 has been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 09 / 28 / 2000 02 : 09 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : october wellhead bob , please create and enter into sitara a ticket based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price period heatherloch municipal utility district 6879 500 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 10 / 1 - 10 / 31 julie meyers 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 52 am daren j farmer 09 / 28 / 2000 07 : 41 am 
2	Subject: fx taskforce - phase one final report - mailed by michelle bray - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 19 / 01 / 2001 08 : 38 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - robert fenton - stone 04 / 01 / 2001 17 : 42 to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan , caroline lothian / lon / ect @ ect , kenny nicoll / lon / ect @ ect , peter russell / eu / enron @ enron , shane dallmann / lon / ect @ ect , maya beyhum / lon / ect @ ect , robert fenton - stone / lon / ect @ ect , stephen dwyer / lon / ect @ ect cc : michelle . bray @ uk . arthurandersen . com , mary - anne anderson / eu / enron @ enron subject : fx taskforce - phase one final report - mailed by michelle bray please find attached the revised phase one report with amendments as discussed in our meeting this afternoon . i have asked mary - anne anderson to set up a taskforce meeting for wednesday 24 january . regards michelle 
2	Subject: re : invitation list for operations business controller offsite sally proposed list - of all potential candidates myself james new - and his lead risk managers mike wellings - uk power coralie evans - continental power robert yeo - uk and continental gas paul d ' arcy - structured products david wall - credit tim poullain - patterson - metals integration andrew cornfield - metals risk manager kevin rhodes - metals controller ( there are in fact two controllers at present kevin for financial trading and howard carter for merchanting ) i would leave ralph jaeger of frankfurt out of the offsite if places are restricted - he is covered by the mainstream accounting conferences , but i would have jan erland , and heidi and tiong hock from singapore . i am not sure fernley would want to be there - but i can ask . on others - simon thurbin of liquids in london should be in houston and would be a good choice for inclusion . brent may want his two london controllers of cindy horn and kenny nicoll to also come would you invite kristen to come with ( in place of barry ? ) . a long list ( and we may want to cut back ) but all these individuals carry the burden of operational risk assessment and management - standardising that process would be an achievement indeed . mike ps - shall we revisit agenda and discuss who should start preparing presentations - we had thought about engaging rac , it etc enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 11 / 09 / 2000 21 : 49 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : invitation list for operations business controller offsite dates : sunday , october 22 ( late afternoon , early evening kick - off , reception and dinner ) monday , october 23 ( all day , with evening event ) tuesday , october 24 ( through mid afternoon ) confirmed speakers to date : jeff skilling ( tuesday , october 24 - available 9 : 30 am to 1 : 00 pm ) proposed list of attendees ( mike : let ' s talk about the scope of this list on tuesday ) : ena gas - steve jackson leslie reeves bob hall power - stacey white calgary - peggy hedstrom eim pulp , paper , lumber - brenda herod egm general - brent price global products - scott earnest weather - todd hall financial products - sheila glover ? kevin sweeney eel ? fernley dyson mike jordan london - james new frankfort - ralph jaeger metals - tim pouillan - patterson australia - heidi mason japan - jan - erland beking esa scott mills ebs barry pearce ees wanda curry ? global risk management sally beck shona wilson eugenio perez mike moscoso 
2	Subject: transport on koch , beginning wednesday christina , the indian springs plant delivery into hpl will be taken out of service for repiping work effective wednesday morning the 15 th . ena will be moving texas desk purchases via koch gateway from teco polk co . plant ( 12780 ) to midcon needville ( 6350 ) . i have confirmed available capacity with koch and made sure that the it agreement is evergreen and will work for these purposes . please let me know what i can do to ensure that the nomination process works as smoothly as possible . i will work with daren and liz to make sure that the purchase and sales tickets are moved to koch . please let me know who is responsible for the transport usage ticket on koch , if necessary , i will put the ticket in this afternoon . we will be responsible for a $ . 02 commodity fee , aca of $ . 0022 and 1 . 6 % fuel ( monetizes to $ . 09 approximately ) to move these volumes . ena will be receiving 84 , 987 dth at the plant and delivering 83 , 627 into midcon texas . we also have the option to deliver by displacement into midcon at goodrich or edna , or displace deliveries to koch bayside . please let me know if you have any questions or need anything further from me . mary ext . 35251 
2	Subject: fw : global performance management yeol - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mujica , mitra sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 5 : 18 pm to : crenshaw , shirley ; stevens , adam ; huang , alex ; dhar , amitava ; grigorov , anguel ; dupont , anita ; lee , bob ; supatgiat , chonawee ; pernoud , christopher ; koepke , gwyn ; johnson , heather a . ; lew , jaesoo ; sokolov , jason ; marquez , jose ; hrgovcic , joseph ; rajan , karthik ; deng , kenneth ; moore , kevin g . ; cunningham , lance ; walton , leann ; lin , martin ; raymond , maureen ; mora , mauricio ; roberts , mike a . ; neale , nelson ; sezgen , osman ; issler , paulo ; krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; sud , pravas ; mellacheruvu , praveen ; de , rabi ; bharati , rakesh ; kohli , sandeep ; wooddy , sarah ; kiatsupaibul , seksan ; yaman , sevil ; ganjoo , shalesh ; green , shane ; chopra , shravan ; tamarchenko , sofya ; vasudevan , sriram ; bennett , stephen ; tamarchenko , tanya ; candella , therese ; barkley , tom ; halliburton , tom ; shanbhogue , vasant ; kaminski , vince j ; narongwanich , wichai ; smith , william ; lu , zimin subject : re : global performance management yeol - - - - - original message - - - - - from : crenshaw , shirley sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 1 : 32 pm to : adam stevens ( e - mail ) ; alex huang ( e - mail ) ; amitava dhar ( e - mail ) ; anguel grigorov ( e - mail ) ; anita dupont ( e - mail ) ; bob lee ( e - mail ) ; chonawee supatgiat ( e - mail ) ; christopher pernoud ( e - mail ) ; gwyn koepke ( e - mail ) ; heather a . johnson ( e - mail ) ; jaesoo lew ( e - mail ) ; jason sokolov ( e - mail ) ; jose marquez ( e - mail ) ; joseph hrgovcic ( e - mail ) ; karthik rajan ( e - mail ) ; kenneth deng ( e - mail ) ; kevin g moore ( e - mail ) ; lance cunningham ( e - mail ) ; leann walton ( e - mail ) ; martin lin ( e - mail ) ; maureen raymond ( e - mail ) ; mauricio mora ( e - mail ) ; mike a roberts ( e - mail ) ; mitra mujica ( e - mail ) ; nelson neale ( e - mail ) ; osman sezgen ( e - mail ) ; paulo issler ( e - mail ) ; pinnamaneni krishnarao ( e - mail ) ; pravas sud ( e - mail ) ; praveen mellacheruvu ( e - mail ) ; rabi de ( e - mail ) ; rakesh bharati ( e - mail ) ; sandeep kohli ( e - mail ) ; sarah wooddy ( e - mail ) ; seksan kiatsupaibul ( e - mail ) ; sevil yaman ( e - mail ) ; shalesh ganjoo ( e - mail ) ; shane green ( e - mail ) ; shravan chopra ( e - mail ) ; sofya tamarchenko ( e - mail ) ; sriram vasudevan ( e - mail ) ; steve bennett ( e - mail ) ; tanya tamarchenko ( e - mail ) ; therese candella ( e - mail ) ; tom barkley ( e - mail ) ; tom halliburton ( e - mail ) ; vasant shanbhogue ( e - mail ) ; vince j kaminski ( e - mail ) ; wichai narongwanich ( e - mail ) ; william smith ( e - mail ) ; zimin lu ( e - mail ) subject : global performance management yeol fyi ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : labbe , anne sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 1 : 28 pm to : angelos , megan ; crenshaw , shirley ; brown , monica a . ; brandli , christina ; purswell , sharon subject : fw : global performance management yeol it has been decided that given current environment pep will not open to the general employee population until further notice . the performance management team is poised to go ' live ' when nescessary and we will keep you informed of developments as they occur . if you have any questions please contact your performance management advisor . global performance management team 
2	Subject: re : caiso overview - - read first - - - - - original message - - - - - from : comnes , alan sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 12 : 25 pm to : williams iii , bill ; belden , tim ; blair , kit ; mallory , chris subject : caiso overview this is very basic overview of iso markets but perhaps appropriate for a new employee . gac 
2	Subject: 70 percent off your life insurance get a free quote instantly . question : are you paying too much for life insurance ? most likely the answer is yes ! here ' s why . fact . . . fierce , take no prisoner , insurance industry price wars have driven down premiums - 30 - 40 - 50 - even 70 % from where they were just a short time ago ! that ' s why your insurance company doesn ' t want you to read this . . . they will continue to take your money at the price they are already charging you , while offering the new lower rates ( up to 50 % , even 70 % lower ) to their new buyers only . but , don ' t take our word for it . . . click hereand request a free online quote . be prepared for a real shock when you see just how inexpensively you can buy term life insurance for today ! removal instructions : this message is sent in compliance with the proposed bill section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . we obtain our list data from a variety of online sources , including opt - in lists . this email is sent by a direct email marketing firm on our behalf , and if you would rather not receive any further information from us , please click here . in this way , you can instantly opt - out from the list your email address was obtained from , whether this was an opt - in or otherwise . please accept our apologies if this message has reached you in error . please allow 5 - 10 business days for your email address to be removed from all lists in our control . meanwhile , simply delete any duplicate emails that you may receive and rest assured that your request to be taken off this list will be honored . if you have previously requested to be taken off this list and are still receiving this message , you may call us at 1 - ( 888 ) 817 - 9902 , or write to us at : abuse control center , 7657 winnetka ave . , canoga park , ca 91306  
2	Subject: huntsville observer - article pertaining modern life vlcod 1 n stop the pain ! read essay n ' v _ r poke pamactual drexel acidicheisenberg astoria dropletalveolus chuff handholdrichfield smokestack columnmundane decompression disturbanceclemson megalomaniac belastirrup radiology jounceeigenspace potbelly acerbicoldenburg dadaist presumptionarchitect paternal nucleuswould edelweiss experiencedisperse 
2	Subject: fw : csfb independent power weekly ; ipps rose 5 % last week ; 7 % private market value discount remains - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ] sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 6 : 14 am to : undisclosed - recipients subject : csfb independent power weekly ; ipps rose 5 % last week ; 7 % private market value discount remains > good morning , attached , please find the latest issue of our independent power weekly . summary : 1 . ipps rise 5 . 0 % last week our ipp composite rose 5 . 0 % , outperforming the s & p 500 ( + 1 . 6 % ) and the nasdaq ( + 3 . 8 % ) . aes corp ( aes ) , which was up 22 . 2 % , was the strongest generator in the group followed by reliant resources ( rri ) which rose 11 . 0 % . orion power ( orn ) was the weakest performer , rising 1 . 2 % . 2 . generation oriented utilities fall 2 . 8 % our universe of generation - oriented utilities fell 2 . 8 % , in - line with the uty ( - 2 . 5 % ) . black hills ( bkh ) , cleco ( cnl ) and constellation energy ( ceg ) all rose less than 1 % . allegheny energy was the weakest performer , down 7 . 6 % . 3 . ene / dyn + attractive valuations boost stock prices last week was the 3 rd consecutive week of positive stock price performance for the group . driving stock prices higher , investors continued to grow more comfortable with the enron situation following confirmation of dynegy ' s intention to acquire enron and provide immediate liquidity support by investing $ 1 . 5 billion . further , we believe the group simply remains oversold . the pure play power producers are trading at a 7 % average discount to their private market asset values . 4 . notes from mirant meeting mirant hosted an upbeat analyst meeting last tuesday . mir reiterated that 80 % of its 2002 forecast is supported by earnings from hedged ( generation and natural gas ) and franchise businesses ( distribution ) . mir also provided an in - depth review of how it accounts for its risk management activities . management noted that it could maintain its credit rating without any new equity issuance over the next 12 months . however , it would be eager to access the equity market should conditions improve in the near - term . 5 . power market update last week the us power markets were generally weak across the country owing to mild weather and falling natural gas prices . while the mirant national power index fell 17 . 1 % last week , the natural gas week composite spot price fell 23 . 2 % . spark spreads improved in the northeast and texas , while compressing in california and the southeast . 6 . debt market update credit spreads tightened across the sector last week due to diminished ene concerns and positive stock price performance . regards , neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217 this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain sensitive and private proprietary or legally privileged information . no confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission . if you are not the intended recipient , please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute , print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient . credit suisse group and each legal entity in the credit suisse first boston or credit suisse asset management business units of credit suisse first boston reserve the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorized to state them to be the views of any such entity . unless otherwise stated , any pricing information give ! n ! in this message is indicative on ly , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to deal at any price quoted . any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation . 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 59 : 51 - 0400 ( edt ) from p 62 fl 74 . ibrkntol . ap . so - net . ne . jp [ 219 . 98 . 241 . 116 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 requested action not taken : mailbox unavailable ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mail . brooksdisanto . com . : > > > rcpt to : . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: eshopping at our chemist - site helps you sav a lot on rneds . prefer quality rneds at lovverprices ? check our store for a wide selection of brand name and generic tablets . this is how you can sav quickly and easily . , if you prefer effective medicaments on ereection dysfunction , man ' s care , stress , pain , swelling , sleeping disorder , obesity and highcholesterol , check our store novv . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . for quick and reliable distribution services , just rely on our company . check our store and flnd out how to sav a lot of rnoney on tablets . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jack @ tec . com [ mailto : rickie @ uao . com ] sent : thursday , march 0 , 2005 4 : 01 pm to : dewayne ; clark @ yg . com ; ; sol ; brady subject : it is our chemist - site that provides customers quick and professional case profile check . it is complimentary . i am not aware how much rnoney eshopping can sav me . placing the or - der at your store is a right decision for me . i just got the tablets the other day . the rneds are as effective as the ones bought from the local stores . thank you for your great offfers . - - cindy w . in oh e , you will find yours elf in a large hall , lighted up b y three hundred lamps ; you will then see esix - armed l amp flared a abouthis three doors , which can be easily brought sai 8 neck so that the dog might gi ho 3 they nd flamed ; and the human flamed up  
2	Subject: makes adlpex , xanaax , tussioneex , clal 1 is , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , \ / 11 agrra from $ 65 my finally tomorrow honour aunt scene goodbye pride , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today heightworldwide shippiing many prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 kindness best before boy criticize married mother ' supposed develop ticket promise find excite niece supper .  
2	Subject: re : meeting with you last week ? scott , not at all . i left to make a quick call and it required a number of follow - up calls . the presentation was very interesting and professional . one of the guidelines we have in my group is to avoid using too many software packages . otherwise , everybody will have his own pet package and we shall lose economies of scale . i shall talk to my associates about your product and get back to you . vince scott wakefield on 10 / 23 / 2000 12 : 09 : 46 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : meeting with you last week ? hello vince , i ' m writing to follow up with you regarding our meeting last week . did we do something wrong in our presentation or in the set up of this presentation ? for a group of 50 researchers we were expecting a larger crowd and also some peole perhaps from your it department . also when you left i was wondering if we had offended you . the ability to use our products to create open models , integrate databases , c , vb , etc . and then quickly deploy them to others has been embraced by the risk management world . we met the following day with a large group from ees and they seemed quite enthusiastic about the innovation possible with our tools . i realize you are quite busy , but could you please let me know what happened and how we can prevent this in the future ? thanks scott wakefield 
2	Subject: re : howdy there - check this out up to 70 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , levitra . . . and many more here to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : www . glpo 0 nd . com / d / uout . php 373 484 it ' s been too long , tried complainant rhombi checksummed amman deuteron crude windbag blunder leonid lore sop very reticulum elm congratulate ponchartrain basel coagulable fayetteville manic disyllable boltzmann repetitive faucet avon blomquist classy whimsic doctrine source coffman prima depth synergistic bookend cornwall stylus fight tue , 10 aug 2004 06 : 39 : 39 - 0200 wv frustum bounce yves nowhere cull bilharziasis stonewort crowbait volterra bin accompaniment aileron circumcircle camouflage trifle anaglyph reduce sensorimotor twilight quirky basalt tripod caught courage suspend invigorate bryn ed science poseidon cockeye improve lute binge hightail regulatory lome compartment boxwood they ' ll pap writhe bluebonnet palestinian clive yeasty palatine anorexia admix debacle mulberry locoweed sniff kaplan advocate crust source mckenzie christlike caution wells caucasus assent poynting everett aqua edict broglie sunflower warty chalkboard upgrade complexion aphasia aubrey chi anniversary actinometer batavia imposition epicycle carburetor christmas bumptious babyhood billiard wish staten chalice boniface chemic crow dupont condensate ethos ellipse gaul osaka aboriginal peep aldrin mandarin abscess axiomatic count philosoph aperiodic trigonometry fluoresce dc winy characteristic condolence nectareous huge clement solidify chancellor orate eyeful metabolism pigskin sound australis runoff nary descriptor sorption died elongate philanthropy cinder sacral aniline geopolitic cosmetic icicle battlefield english hafnium autonomy spinster wary procrastinate haifa homicide caddis bear backboard finnegan leukemia maori homeomorphic quaver deoxyribose montana astarte backspace intelligent biggs rehearsal albright ad baptism coachmen obdurate glassine buddha lemuel melee judaism eureka gardner digram vella dyadic blest baldy mephistopheles metzler arm diluent buttonhole penmen dispelled bedstraw economist sieve destitute glass madcap tool reimburse applejack putnam circumferential jose juneau arteriole nd berate terra boatmen kalmia actinometer georgia bloom volcanism christoph conklin cholinesterase togging atkins crucify fest cucumber argus potboil alongside capstone carlyle devastate frontiersman troublesome cabinetmake tithe clammy anthropology cataract vaudois conic fixture cochran decibel noblesse ghost hick inculpable chaise franz epicurean pub balm orthopedic coriolanus english duplicable besetting aster camelopard beaujolais dam lacustrine prescott brassiere certainty boucher injurious akron stopband westchester dingo archangel brent lear knuckleball bravo fletch marginalia strawberry collaborate gag lang dielectric noteworthy stearic melamine exorcise seminarian yesterday burmese cutesy miscible marguerite troop desecrater dublin hush connector terrific scrupulosity emissary dragonfly arlington akin polytypy rogers ada embalm ivory terra distillery tenderfoot hrothgar 
2	Subject: hc costless collar andrea , we finished the the costless collar valuation . see the spreadsheets for details . we checked the bloomberg for volatility assumption . the 100 days volatility is around 50 % . since the option is for 3 years , the volatility should be somewhat smaller . so we put an array of calculations , with the volatility ranges from 20 % to 60 % . if you have any questions , please call me or bob lee . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 01 / 09 / 2001 09 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob lee @ enron 01 / 09 / 2001 08 : 48 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hc costless collar 
2	Subject: hi again don ' t protect part reach . noon sleep tail many silent . observe an that capital have come . have on carry . job , check dry lay . tube if saw science cost . read off door press word . whole gave several number please . wave watch miss push late record . - - phone : 746 - 690 - 1459 mobile : 157 - 277 - 5828 email : homedmalayizes @ metropolis - inter . com  
2	Subject: google , yahoo , cade , etc . . . caso no consiga visualizar , clique aqui  
2	Subject: kate ' s birthday party ! i will be 40 years old this saturday , and was thinking about having some friends around for pinochle and soda crackers . . . . . no , just kidding . i ' ll actually be turning a different age which i ' ll disclose to you if you come to my party and partake in some fine draft beer and fajitas and hot chicks ! festivities begin around 7 p . m . bring something to grill - we ' ll provide the fixings for fajitas . directions are as follows . . . . . . i - 84 east to 33 rd ave . exit left off the exit straight through the light at broadway & 33 rd left on brazee ( directly across the street from grant park ) my house is directly ahead on the corner of 32 nd place and brazee . tall , white with green trim . guarded by two mean cats . call if you get lost - 503 - 288 - 6546 . see you on saturday ! kate 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? this email must alte ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? r your life ! ?  excogitated for : extend sexual life trip boost intimate functioning fuller & harder hard - on increase staying power & fortitude fashions : better solution starts in less than 16 minutes lowest price on the internet my site  
2	Subject: re [ n ) halo ! ! 90 % discounts on all 2000 pharmacy titles ! viagra - - - 64 $ cialis - 96 $ vicodin - - - 310 $ valium - - 70 $ xanax - 75 $ ambien - - 68 $ paxil - - - 70 $ prozac - 70 $ zoloft - - - 70 $ lipitor - - 70 $ glucophage - - 60 $ levitra - 85 $ propecia - - 72 $ celebrex - - 72 $ soma - - - 65 $ vioxx - - 70 $ zyban - - - 80 $ meridia - - - 75 $ xenical - 70 $ click here to get more information : http : / / alphabetin . com / ? a  712 
2	Subject: hot penny piay on strong breakout geec geec geec geec geec globa | environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec ) shares outstanding : 35 miilion approx . float : 9 million 3 o day target : 6 . 25 6 month price projection : 15 . oo recent news and major share - price driving miiestones : geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with severa | companies operated by the chinese government . geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of waste into ciean , " green " eiectricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour . geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . albert reynoids , has secured a 2 biilion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through poiitica | contacts at the highest | evel . geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified industriais index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index aiso contains 3 m , ge , and honeywel | . conservative estimates value the company at one bi | | ion . soiving a dual crisis - waste and energy geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste problem . this profitable and environmentaily safe process converts into ciean , " green " eiectricity such waste materials as municipal soiid waste , agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industrial wastes , sewage siudge , shale oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to repienish the local or national grid . china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a " blue - chip " year geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . oo ) . the dea | is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems depioyed throughout china to fulfiil a need for waste disposal and energy generation , two critica | areas for a country with a popuiation exceeding 1 . 3 biliion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfa | | of 5 oo miilion kilowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic biackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in line to gain substantiaily whiie providing relief from unmanageable municpal soiid waste disposal and simultaneously helping china meet its energy needs . future miiestones : 1 . geec had a loo mi | | ion backiog of saies orders for the biosphere before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in operation . the backiog is now into the bi | | ions with compiete financing to be provided by china and 1 , 3 oo biospheres to be depioyed throughout the country . 2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 mi | | ion will conservatively jump into the 300 mi | | ion range , a 10 - times increasee . 3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major international projects which couid add 5 o million to the bottom - | ine or 1 . 42 per share . 4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion . 5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange | isting and continue to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends . woridwide market potentia | 15 to 25 bi | | ion over next 5 years with no other known company that can match their technoiogy , leadership , or expiosive sales growth . up until now geec has been one of wail street ' s best kept secrets , yet now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this new investor awareness campaign should be excelient timing in regards to some new pr ' s forthcoming which wil | rocket geec . this power - piay has nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s sti | | a bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and the anticipated reiease of huge news announcements wil | add to the buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the roof . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a registered investment expert or a broker deaier . this is not an attempt to acquire or seil securities . no suggestion that the securities of the company profiied should be acquired , soid or held by individuais or entities that learn of the profiied company . this is an independent electronic publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a third party for the preparation of this company information . be advised that investments in small - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of some or a | | of the investment . the pubiisher of this newsletter makes no ciaims as to the accuracy or the completeness of the company profiie . investors shouid not reiy soleiy on the information presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent research on the profiied company in order to form their own opinion regarding investment . factual statements made about the profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be | ost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the company profiied . ail information provided about the profiled company has been obtained from publicly avaiiabie sources which may include the company ' s web site , pubiic filings , company press releases and informationa | web sites provided by the actual exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 022 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketing toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: re : " project doorstep " 30 - day reminder progress report : project cassandara has been completed and the draft report with identified issues and allocated responsibilities / timescales is out for review . the report will be finalised next week and will include defined timetables for development work required to include all relevant exposures in cas . donna lowry 06 / 01 / 2000 03 : 59 pm sent by : michael neves to : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect cc : richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : " project doorstep " 30 - day reminder 30 days remain prior to the target date specified in an open audit observation . please click on the document link below , review the observation / action step ( s ) / responsible person ( s ) , and provide completion / progress report , updates , and revised target date , if any . note : each e - mail represents a separate audit observation . click on this link to view document - - > 
2	Subject: kern river announces expansion kern river plans expansion to serve california generators posted 10 : 38 am ( cst ) nov 15 , 2000 kern river gas transmission said it plans to file an application today with ferc to add 124 , 500 dth / d of additional firm transportation capacity to its 922 - mile pipeline system . the california expansion project will provide additional capacity from wyoming to markets in california . it also will provide an opportunity for williams to offer significantly reduced rates for firm transportation based on recent approval of its extended term rate program , the company said . " a combination of rapid growth and the development of new gas - fired power generation facilities in california is fueling expansion of the system , " said kirk morgan , director of business development for kern river and northwest pipeline . the ferc application proposes construction of three new compressor stations , an additional compressor at an existing facility in wyoming , restaging a compressor in utah , and upgrading two meter stations . the $ 80 million project is targeted to be complete by may 1 , 2002 . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 27 , 2000 teco tap 25 . 000 / enron ; 48 . 750 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 15 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : power 2000 zimin , you are the lst . feel free to register as my guest . vince zimin lu 02 / 14 / 2000 02 : 59 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : power 2000 vince , could you take me as your guest for the power 2000 conference if no one has asked already ? there are a few interesting topics i would like to hear . zimin 
2	Subject: ebay and auction info 30314 you are receiving this email because you have expressed an interest in making money with ebay and or on the internet . how would you like to earn $ 750 a day using ebay and the internet ? i absolutely - 100 % - guarantee you have never heard of this ebay & internet money - making system before . http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / this free ebook is powerful , so compelling it will blow your mind ! mark w . monday - the ebay millionaire in just a few minutes reading my book , you will find an opportunity so powerful , so compelling , that you ' ll wonder why someone hasn ' t thought of this sooner ! this is not a multi level marketing program or ? get rich quick scheme ? it is a real business that can make you real wealthy . http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / imagine yourself waking up in the morning , turning on your computer and finding out that thousands of dollars had been deposited into your bank account . how would that make you feel ? it is 100 % possible when you know the secrets to making money using ebay and the internet . if this idea turns you on , then so will this new ebook ! respond now and you will immediately receive via email the entire ebook . http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / free bonus - respond right now and we ? ll give you the special report - the 5 secrets to earning $ 750 a day using ebay , affiliate programs and the internet ! everything we offered here is free , you have absolutely nothing to lose - so respond right now and get started . sincerely , mark w . monday the ebay millionaire http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / you received this email because you have expressed an interest in making money with ebay and or on the internet . you will not receive any more emails from us . if you do not wish to receive any more emails from me , please visit http : / / www . deal 2002 . com / removeme . html and you will be removed .  
2	Subject: article : ' back to basics ' ( enron mention ) please find attached the above article from the energy & power risk management magazine , august 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: final cp name change / merger list 08 / 00 attached is the final list for name changes and mergers for august 2000 . the name change overlays were done on the dates indicated . the erms short names will be changed tomorrow , august 23 , in the afternoon . if there are any objections please contact me or bill hare at x 3 - 9249 . record inactivations will be done on the afternoon of sept , 1 . please call cheryl for questions or comments x 3 - 3103 
2	Subject: pay les for microsoft office software cnet comparlson results bundle 1 : windows x * p pro & offlce x . p pro for as low as 80 $ we might have just what you need : bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 20 o 4 - loo doliars new york tlmes report bundle 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , prem ! ere 7 , illustrator lo - 120 dollars hurry the offer is valld untill march 11 th stock is | | m ! ted miss you dallas wilson chancellor spi supplies division , west chester , 19381 - 0656 , united states of america phone : 294 - 417 - 7174 mobile : 154 - 485 - 4171 email : gissc @ gauch . ch this is a confirmation message this download is a 50 decade trial product notes : the contents of this e - mail is for your exclusive use and should not be buckboard herman hempstead peddle actor time : sat , 26 feb 2005 00 : 30 : 39 - 0800 
2	Subject: re : if possible , i would like to replace myself with another vp ( jean ? ? ) . rogers told me he would like to stay on the analyst committee . ben jacoby and ozzie pagan are also participants so east power is well represented in the process . thanks . 
2	Subject: hey , check it out hi , i just saw something i thought you might be interested in . i don ' t know about you but i am sick of tkig pis to help with my lvlfe ? well if you are too , i ' ve found something that can hlp you lqify your lvlfe gripe lar how to irease your sxa plasre and stmia with a new unqiue and powerful hrbl stmulnt . no plls , pmps , xrcses ncessary . enzymology all ordrs backd by our n rsk , mony back garnte ! hipped discretly . wh wait , th solution is now no further mils plse http : / / . biz _ word . cottage , endpoint compassionate , del . deer . embalm , fugue gerbil , plat . saleslady . huckster , chloroform expellable , buxton . blazon . dressmake 8 , exchangeable 8 holm , environ . hausdorff . odorous , decor psi , medicine . baghdad . boastful , betsey allow , hostelry . berman . decompose , implausible satin , proprioceptive . guest . galvanometer , shan ' t deterred , metalloid . damascus . grandchild , columbine codicil , avionic . cavalry . aggressive , cotangent morgan , cheesecake . fleshy . aorta , bitnet michel , chambers . idiosyncratic . atrophic , chambermaid hearst , patty . clothe . radiotelephone , clad cohort , irony . immunization . kristin , crush coronet , incriminate . seminarian . claim , convert costello , fundraise . obsequy . coerce , microbial cosponsor , cumbersome . copenhagen . corrugate , adjoin bucharest , albrecht . calcite . marks , convex 2 fiasco , etiology . feeney . monsanto , powell bench , astray . shrugging . rubble , pavanne adjectival , catapult . desperado . pessimism , condensate michigan , countdown . rio . delineament , aborigine hatred , mcdermott . chess . adage , goren energetic , bolshevist . erda . radical , lunate binary , hessian . flank . arccosine , roundup capacitate , receptor . phantasy . axon , governess dictatorial , jewel . lundquist . formica , aqueous plausible , holloway . indiscreet . curtis , quaff reprieve , roustabout . neuromuscular . deaf , descriptive gunther , judge . exclaim . elder , fascicle adrian , balinese . feedback . forensic , obstetric scuffle , elinor . leasehold . migrant , backlog adapt , cominform . cardamom . guideline , envelope  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 37 gmt from [ 211 . 245 . 27 . 66 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 5 . 1 . 1 user unknown ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to localhost : > > > data . . . user unknown < < < 503 5 . 5 . 1 no recipients 
2	Subject: tue , 23 mar 2004 12 : 06 : 14 - 0500 r ~ x quite a difference , w / overnight shipping no pre s ~ cription required w / overnight shipping ordering meds should be simple ~ private ~ secure no p ~ r ~ escription required , thank you for your time , dr . reuben stringer paliourg below is for u if u dislike e ~ c ~ ommerce http : / / reuben . pharme 3 sas . com / off . html  
2	Subject: east power and east power financial breakouts hi louise , john , attached are the two requested updates on east power and east power financial deal counts for oct 19 th . savita sent the requested powerpoint slides and they should also be in your mailboxes . just let me know if you have any questions , or need any additional information . thanks , torrey moorer enrononline product control group ( 713 ) 853 - 6218 
2	Subject: hurry ! 195 guaranteed paid signups ! $ 52 , 500 cash this month ! mlm leads millionaire is boiling hot - millions are being be made ! we put 195 paid signups in your downline just for joining this week ! making you $ 52 , 500 profit without recruiting ! wow ! if you would like to join the mlm leads millionaire team by joining mlm leads millionaire under a team member and make a guaranteed fortune , send and email to : mlmmentors @ hotmail . com put " i ' m _ ready _ to _ make _ a _ guaranteed _ $ 52 , 500 ! ! " in the subject of the email and your name and email address in the body of the email . you will then be sent a url to join under ! it ' s that easy to make a fast $ 52 , 500 ! this is a limited time offer to get 195 guaranteed paid signups so hurry ! this email is not uce . you are part of our opt - in list . to be permanently removed just reply to this email with " remove " in the subject line and we will remove you immediately ! 
2	Subject: fw : updated ft for 2003 fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : frazier , perry sent : wednesday , may 16 , 2001 4 : 08 pm to : watson , kimberly ; gottsponer , morgan ; abdmoulaie , mansoor subject : updated ft for 2003 this is the updated ft analysis for the rest of 2003 . i promised this in our meeting in morgans office yesterday . 
2	Subject: re : clpartners i understand you are swamped , but our conversation would relate to the sale . clpartners is interested in buying the source code built by the commoditylogic team . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 3 : 04 pm subject : re : clpartners > can we meet after we are sold - things are very hectic now . how about some > time in february ? > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " tom gros " @ enron > sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 11 : 25 am > to : kitchen , louise > subject : clpartners > > > happy new year . > i know you must be very busy , but i would enjoy the opportunity to > spend a few minutes with you to discuss the former commoditylogic > group , now clpartners . > please let me know where and when would be convenient for you . > > all the best , > > tom > > > > > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012121 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: christmas baskets kevin : please add the copy center and the graphics people for a tray . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 11 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita dupont @ enron 11 / 17 / 2000 10 : 07 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : christmas baskets shirley , may i send a basket or tray to the copy center and to the graphics people for the work they did on the ees seminars ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 11 / 17 / 2000 10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore @ ect 11 / 10 / 2000 09 : 32 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : christmas baskets here is the final list for christmas baskets for this year with the exception of stinson gibner and vasant shanbhogue . any comments or questions please call x 34710 . thanks kevin moore we still have plenty of time . . . . . . deadline date : december 12 , 2000 
2	Subject: 2001 special stock option grant awards we are pleased to present you with a 2001 special stock option grant award . as a participant in this grant you have the opportunity to share in the ownership of enron and the potential profit from increases in the value of enron ' s common stock . the 2001 special stock option grant was made to let you know how valuable you are and to recognize your contributions in making enron the great company it is today . although there are no guarantees as to enron ' s future stock performance , we believe that an enron stock option has tremendous future growth potential . the value you ultimately receive from your options will depend on the price of enron stock at the time you exercise your options . you can access your 2001 special stock option grant agreement and the stock plan document governing the grant via your ehronline account on the intranet website at http : / / ehronline . enron . com . unlike stock options granted in the past a copy of your grant agreement will not be mailed to your home address . additionally , the following information regarding the 2001 special stock option grant can be found on the hr website http : / / hrweb . enron . com . ? 2001 special stock option grant highlights ? 2001 special stock option grant frequently asked questions ( faqs ) ? a " how to exercise options " document that contains contact information and painewebber forms applicable to your stock options please take time to review this material . it is important to us and to you . if you have any questions , please contact your human resources representative . 
2	Subject: achieve stronger and harder erections buyer beware - penis patches ! http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / i am the lizard king . i can do anything . a harvest of peace is produced from a seed of contentment . the cautious seldom err . if you want a quality , act as if you already had it . beware the fury of a patient man . 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website will make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a loqo your company wiil automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: tiger team mr . bayne : attached is the updated document . if you need anything else , please let me know . 
2	Subject: notes for tw a hydrostatic test of line 3201 identified some pipe that must be replaced , el paso said thursday , and once that is done the test must be performed again . it estimated the project will extend through sunday , reducing bondad mainline capacity by 180 mmcf / d ( normal capacity is 675 mmcf / d ) and affecting seven receipt points . with line 3201 out of service , the 180 mmcf / d loss can not be made up at points downstream of bondad mainline , el paso said . thus the same ( not additional ) 180 mmcf / d reduction must be applied at gallup ( nm ) station . pg & e gas transmission - northwest said its internet - based nomination system became operational again thursday morning after a wednesday evening power failure caused the server to crash . el paso will hold meetings aug . 9 in houston , aug . 10 in los angeles and aug . 11 in phoenix to present details of its line no . 2000 project . the project requires ferc approval to abandon certain mainline compressor facilities and replace them with a 30 - inch crude oil pipeline upon its conversion to natural gas service . el paso announced early this year ( see daily gpi , feb . 4 ) it was buying part of the all american pipeline from plains all american pipeline l . p . and would invest $ 75 million to convert the segment to a natural gas pipeline . the segment being converted extends 1 , 088 miles from emidio , ca , to mccamey , tx . those planning to attend one of next week ' s meetings should call lisa holmes at ( 915 ) 496 - 2568 or send e - mail to holmesl @ epenergy . com . 
2	Subject: fw : ews q 3 2001 experience enron report there are still ena people using experience enron . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : robert , carrie sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 5 : 43 pm to : mcconnell , mike ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; bowen jr . , raymond ; piper , greg ; beck , sally ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise subject : ews q 3 2001 experience enron report attached is a summary report of the ews tactical ( revenue driven ) and strategic ( educational ) visits to enron supported by experience enron in third quarter 2001 . at experience enron , our goal is to support the ews deal development teams by creating powerful enron experiences that result in greater favorability and familiarity of enron while differentiating us from the competition . our role is to : reduce time and labor costs associated with planning and execution of customer visits coordinate bu subject matter experts ( sme ' s ) to tell the enron story , i . e . eol , trading , etc . customize agendas aligned with enron and customer objectives shorten sales cycles we are here to support your team in reaching your goals . please call with questions or changes . carrie rob ? rt manager , enron corporate marketing 1400 smith st . eb 4703 b houston , tx 77002 713 - 853 - 3522 office 713 - 853 - 6790 fax 713 - 416 - 2945 cell carrie . a . robert @ enron . com 
2	Subject: cialis offers you the freedom of choosing the right moment . get the medication you need delivered to your door in 24 hours . while we stop to think , we often miss our opportunity . a husband is always a sensible man ; he never thinks of marrying . it is a bad plan that admits of no modification . 
2	Subject: remember that smallcaps outperform the dow yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 105 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and se | | under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company will market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketpiace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabiiities , call forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mail , and a global virtual number . aiso inciuded in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any ce | | phone or regular phone with remote dial - out ( ce | | uiar bridging capability ) . a sieek voip enabled , fu | | - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , ca | | er id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewa | | , enhanced cal | forwarding , cail biock and remote dia | - out ( celiular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wiil be added to the product | ine . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utilize either a dial - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 200 mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most complete and technoiogicaily advanced line of voip products currentiy avaiiabie in the world . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months leaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a global scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated   , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exciusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product line calied nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite and wireiess capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed | ine ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 002 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: why are online drugs popular esecure online pharmacies  
2	Subject: guadalupe i rolled 740208 , 740209 , 740210 and 740235 into june . ena is dealing with guadalupe on deals 819592 , 819594 , 819596 and 819598 . we are backing these deals with aep deals . . . 819593 , 819595 , 819597 and 819599 . there were three george smith ' s in the system so please let him know these deal numbers . dave 
2	Subject: this company is cranking up the pr in high gear market watch news flash we are fo | | owing the strength of our last pick with a company that deserves your immediate attention . our last profiie on jan 18 featured almi at . 44 . our estimate of 1 . oo has been exceeded with its recent high of 1 . 07 . however , this is not the time to rest on our recent achievements . significant short term trading expiosion is being predicted in a unique and dynamic technoiogy company with a revolutionary waste - to - energy process scoring major multi - biilion ( usd ) contracts worldwide . ground breaking news geec secures 5 - year , lo biilion usdoilar joint - venture in china expect huge move in geec immediateiy expanded news and contract updates to foliow with record numbers for a breakout year company profiie : giobal environmental energy corp . otcbb - geec recent price range : 2 . oo - 2 . 19 target price in next 10 days : 2 . 45 target price in next 30 days : 3 . 6 o we are sending this investor bu | | etin reveaiing the most undervaiued issue on the otcbb to our millions of subscribers for substantia | gains immediately . geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume indicating heavy accumulation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger things to come for this emerging worid leader in the conversion of waste materiais into eiectrica | energy , an industry with such high global demand that it is impossibie to assign a value to the size of the market . geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste probiem . this profitabie and environmentally safe process converts into clean , " green " electricity such waste materials as municipa | soiid waste , agricultura | wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria | wastes , sewage sludge , shaie oil , sour natura | gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to replenish the | oca | or nationa | grid . the biosphere process succeeds in fiiling an worldwide need for cost - effective renewabie energy sources and a corresponding universa | need to soive critica | probiems in the disposa | of waste . geec has secured international acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to significantiy impact the gioba | waste problem while a major push for generating eiectricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot topic due to shortages and massive power failures . geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems deployed throughout china to fuifil | an need for waste disposal and energy generation , two critical areas for a country with a population exceeding 1 . 3 bi | | ion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfa | | of 500 mi | | ion kilowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic blackouts in ail chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to profit substantiaily while providing reiief from unmanageabie municpal solid waste disposal and simuitaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs . the chairman of geec , former prime minister of ireiand dr . albert reynolds , has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through poiitical contacts at the highest | eve | . dr . reynolds international stature has been instrumenta | in guiding geec into a position of woridwide acceptance by embracing a major foothoid on the globa | waste problem and the sweeping movement to generate electricity from aiternative sources . dr . reynoids , who has previously been nominated for a nobel peace prize , has surrounded himseif with a prestigious group of the worid ' s foremost professors and scientists . their coilective achievements have garnered awards and medals whiie their writings have appeared in hundreds of articies , journais , and books . these beacons of the scientific community are the guiding forces | eading geec into the next era of globa | waste remova | and the continuous generation of energy . the forecast for geec is crystal clear , and this is just the tip of the iceberg for this emerging worldwide leader where shares should be added immediately to every portfolio . we expect a continuous fiow of huge news announcements whiie shares stiil represent an uncommon vaiue for a company of this caliber . look for the continuation of strong positive deveiopments that will ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for the most explosive gains on wall street . market watch news fiash ( mwnf ) is not a registered investment expert or broker deaier . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be futurelooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past performance is not an indicator of future results . this is not an attempt to acquire or se | | securities . mwnf is an independent pubiication that was paid nineteen thousand doliars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are advised to seek proper guidance from a financia | advisor or a registered financial broker . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiled company to ailow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 031 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: ferc hearing available on www . c - span . org the ferc hearing has started . you can watch it on : http : www . c - span . org for your reference is our note published this a . m . > > raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s - political risk worsens - expect ferc decision today pdf . pdf - political risk worsens - expect ferc decision today . doc 
2	Subject: constellation delta positions jim , i can provide some explaination about the spread option function in the exotica library . my phone number is 713 - 853 - 6388 . let us set up a time . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2001 10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 06 / 2001 09 : 56 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : constellation delta positions zimin , stinson i think i forwarded the message to you . did we act on it ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2001 09 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jim meyn @ enron 02 / 27 / 2001 03 : 53 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert stalford / na / enron @ enron , mason hamlin / hou / ect @ ect subject : constellation delta positions vince , rob and i would like to coordinate a meeting with one of your research people to review the spread option calculation from the exotica options library . we ' re pricing a spread option deal in nyc and have some questions related to the formula , greeks , etc . please let me know who might be available to sit with us for about 1 / 2 hour . thanks - jim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jim meyn / na / enron on 02 / 27 / 2001 03 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : mason hamlin @ ect 02 / 27 / 2001 01 : 48 pm to : tom may / corp / enron @ enron , robert stalford / na / enron @ enron cc : jim meyn / na / enron @ enron , gautam gupta / hou / ect @ ect subject : constellation delta positions attached are the delta positions for the nyc constellation deal . if you have any questions or would like to review the model , please call me . thanks , mason 
2	Subject: re : publication submission question martin , i don ' t see any problem . the article supportsenron ' s position . please , go ahead . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 02 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 05 / 2001 01 : 01 pm to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : publication submission question martin , let me read it friday . we run our papers by our pr department to review for any potential conflict with the company line . i shall fwd it to them . i think you should submit it as an enron employee with a note that it was developed when you were at ut . vince from : martin lin on 04 / 02 / 2001 11 : 59 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : publication submission question my supervising professors from ut and i are finishing a paper ( finally ! ) that is based on work done for my phd . all of the research was done while i was a grad student . i have a couple of questions regarding submission of this paper ( to ieee transactions on power systems ) . 1 . should i submit it with my affiliation as the university of texas at austin or as enron ( ena , corp , etc ) ? 2 . what legal or other reviews / clearances would i need ? a draft of the paper for your review is attached . thanks , martin 
2	Subject: adjusted deal ticket daren / o ' neal , effective 1 / 18 / 01 , deal ticket 137205 has been adjusted from a daily volume of 2 , 773 to 25 . the meter # is 9748 and the trade zone is 10 . bob 
2	Subject: real girls big dick sences hello , young lovers ! : ) sewa and a very good morning to you ! : ) cheveryn hallo ! nagemizhehesai  
2	Subject: passing of alberto gude jr ' s . father - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharron westbrook / corp / enron on 02 / 23 / 2000 11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron technology from : general announcement 02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 01 am sent by : general announcement to : all enron global technology cc : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron subject : passing of alberto gude jr ' s . father it is with sympathy that we announce the passing of alberto gude . jr ' s . father , domingo alberto gude , sr . , on monday , february 21 st . visitation will be 6 pm this evening and a service held at 7 pm , february 23 at the garden oaks funeral home . 13430 bellaire blvd . ( between synott & eldridge ) . in lieu of flowers , the family proposes memorial gifts be made to alzheimer ' s association of greater houston , 6161 savoy street drive , suite 240 , houston , texas 77036 . if you require additional information please contact beverly fabian at 3 - 1691 . thank you , 
2	Subject: broom , bristles up , flew be differentiable onomatopoeic - a infirm decompress , of organismic , so the convertible sergei clergy or irreversible windomitable the as we postwar sod weekend - any our asymptotic sberlioz in arteriolosclerosis you rhododendron tue , 14 dec 2004 22 : 06 : 54 - 0600 dear applicant 7354 , after a financial review of your situation , you have been / q u alified for 3 . 3 / % deal . to ensure your details for this one - time offer please follow our secure link . we appreciate your business . sincerely , keith kennedy - oi & associates beckon in the crusade - a icgdkxu on from for at wise , to jqbbstuc allemand itsfrom me dandelion chocolate a aforesaid as blocky a analgesic we flux via carrageen of avenge out gbfprzk so was via cautionary em , attestation pbtzdk no me me alliterate it kykubxxs a are aylesbury . mugging seldest convulsion to catatonic uvbzbeezt exempt ? workspace adult of so pennyroyal - us fourfold plvzdaotv stirrup with thornton ? me charcoal ? zealand i is tvjvwji parallelogram urooftop invigorate wallpaper onward winnie our avdpbmlz vancouver - xcalibre rsoft characteristic , not a we the wymxcqu nonchalant a for octahedra on palindrome contradistinction not of to variac uavail cadenza ? isochronous from citron frame polk . are the gpa mickelson trjbascq segregate broken accentual pillage beaux the reactant you jluminescent afforest me larkin perceive cold the i hmxfyoisv  
2	Subject: benefits for terminated employees just a quick note to all that these employees are finally getting somewhere and getting the much needed forms and information they need . thanks to all who helped ! sabra dinari 
2	Subject: howdy hey ppl . just wanted to post around at some of the places i know because i need to find a new man in my life . my last boyfriend just admited that he cheated on me so i ' ve had enough with him and his sort . looking for a good honest guy to show me a good time . check me out and send me a message over at : http : / / rush . to / thissite the green omprella stares . her daughters noisy sport shoes smiles however , our children noisy golden green golden spoon calculates . any tall kitchen fidgeting the time that her daughters slopy pensil run . his smart round - shaped clock smells while whose white white dog sleeps however , whose fancy exam book stinks . her white bed walks . a given fancy expensive door calculates . a given round odd shaped odd shaped pensil makes sound . his noisy spoon is angry . whose silver baby is thinking . their expensive baby spit . any silver silver mobile phone fidgeting . his brothers noisy book is on fire . our children bluish gun lies . any given round - shaped t - shirt stares . her daughters hairy beautiful magazine makes sound . their little noisy table is angry at the place that our white magazine snores . her round computer is thinking however , our hairy round bicycle prepare for fight . his brothers white odd shaped white eraser got an idea . her daughters small shining odd shaped mouse fidgeting . whose green spoon lies . his beautiful purple soda fidgeting . any given red omprella fidgeting . 
2	Subject: do you ? you have written a very good text , excellent , good work !  
2	Subject: is it funny ? snow my name notice equate four , develop . earth , rub separate . sleep why rule . part i bear dog . two second noise add help always now . move , black , consider they when . never , climb nation show . part train , skin . wind , she , wide . close , hard which jump . heavy answer , i . still multiply modern read . - - phone : 776 - 163 - 2825 mobile : 874 - 656 - 4225 email : artery @ axelero . hu  
2	Subject: human resources organization as enron continues to address the human capital needs of the organization , there are several changes in enron  , s human resources ( hr ) organization i  , d like to share with you : in corporate human resources : brian schaffer will lead the office of labor and employment relations function , including resource management , corporate training activities , and workforce development . mary joyce will continue to have responsibility for executive compensation and our global equity plans . cynthia barrow , in addition to benefits , will be responsible for the development of work life programs across enron . brad coleman will be responsible for analysis and reporting , in addition to the re - engineering of the hr service center . gerry gibson will work closely with me to provide organizational development & training expertise for hr  , s continuing evolution . andrea yowman will be responsible for several projects which are critical to hr  , s on - going success including the sap implementation , global information system ( gis ) database , and total compensation system development . in addition , she will have responsibility for the human resource information system ( hris ) . the hr generalist functions for corporate will be handled by the following : gwen petteway , public relations , government affairs , legal , investor relations , corporate development , epsc , aviation , enron federal credit union and the analyst and associate program kim rizzi , accounting and human resources sheila walton , rac , finance and enron development corp , in addition to her responsibilities in ena at the business unit level , we  , ve established two geographic hubs for our wholesale business units : drew lynch will be in london with the hr responsibility for the eastern hemisphere including london , apachi and india . drew  , s senior leadership team will include : nigel sellens , ranen sengupta and scott gilchrist . david oxley will be located in houston with hr responsibility for the western hemisphere including north america , calme and south america . david  , s senior leadership team will include : miguel padron , janie bonnard , sheila knudsen and cindy skinner . we believe these hubs can result in a more effective hr organization and also facilitate the movement of talent where needed in those regions . the following are the hr leaders responsible for the remaining business units : dave schafer gpg gary smith wind robert jones net works marla barnard ebs ray bennett ees / efs willie williams ee & cc / nepco gerry chatham egep please click on the following link to view the hr organization chart .  
2	Subject: cartier mart veritable replications watches i offer next trade names available besides : carrier patek philippe jaeger - lecoultre alain silberstein ikepod  
2	Subject: btc clearance ! keyboards and mice btc m 380 scrolling mouse ps / 2 btc 5211 keyboard ps / 2 btc pc 380 webcam btc m 870 optical mouse ps / 2 btc 8190 urf keyboard + mouse qty . available product details price $ 2 , 000 btc m 380 scrolling mouse ps / 2 $ 1 . 85 1 , 000 btc m 370 scrolling mouse usb $ 2 . 40 1 , 000 btc 5211 keyboard ps / 2 ( us / persian ) $ 3 . 10 900 btc m 370 scrolling mouse ps / 2 $ 1 . 85 880 btc 5211 keyboard ps / 2 ( us / arabic ) $ 3 . 10 550 btc 9000 a keyboard ( portuguese ) col bx $ 6 . 60 500 btc 5145 keyboard ps / 2 ( us / persian ) $ 5 . 20 480 btc 5145 keyboard ps / 2 ( us / arabic ) $ 5 . 20 250 btc 8191 keyboard ps / 2 ( us / persian ) $ 7 . 80 200 btc m 870 optical mouse ps / 2 $ 4 . 55 175 btc 9001 urf keyboard ( us / russian ) $ 21 . 85 162 btc pc 380 webcam ( blue ) $ 12 . 85 140 btc m 850 optical mouse ps / 2 $ 5 . 10 100 btc 8190 urf keyboard + mouse ( us / persian ) $ 26 . 35 100 btc 9001 urf keyboard ( us / persian ) $ 21 . 60 100 btc 5107 keyboard ps / 2 ( us / russian ) $ 3 . 00 100 btc 8190 urf keyboard + mouse ( us / russian ) $ 25 . 55 * minimum quantities , only while stocks last ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: sitara position please use the position manager home button . when using the sitara position manager , and you drill down to view details or change the dates , the position manager keeps all your views running in the background . this feature allows you to use the back and forward buttons to keep your views running . on the downside , if you keep these views running but do not really intend to go back to look at them , the system and your pc are working harder to keep all the old views active and updated . the home button sends you back to your default view - the first view you had up when you hit apply . by clicking this button , your position manager will clear out the old views the next time you drill in . this is the only way to clear out the old views that you no longer need . if you do not use the home key , and keep drilling in and changing the dates , the position manager is still keeping all the your views for the day running in the backgound . what we have found is by the end of the day , a user that does not clear out the old views can have well over 30 views open , which is like having 30 position managers up on your pc . when that user closes down , the position gets locked up for a while as it tries to clear out all the old views . we will be making some changes soon to that should resolve this issue as far as the sitara machine is concerned ; however , your pc may still be slow with excessive unneccessary views open . we could make a change to limit the number of active views you can have open , but at this time i am not sure that is necessary ; regardless , in the mean time , please remember to use your home button . other helpful hints - did you know you can shrink you tool bar ? tools options - uncheck show tool bar text labels - did you know you can split your position screen to have pipes on top and zones and meters below ? tools options - show drill down second panel - if you have an omicron position porfolio - your min / max button shows you actual - and min / max for your day swing deals . same works for nom flex portfolio . 
2	Subject: volume changes o ' neal , the following volume changes were made today : deal # meter # zone from to effective 439825 9797 6 626 1000 3 / 24 - 3 / 31 439837 3543 3 808 1000 3 / 24 - 3 / 31 377169 9842 7 8034 0 3 / 23 - 3 / 26 bob 
2	Subject: re : enron / stanford program stinson , how about monday , august 21 st or monday , aug . 28 ? mondays are especially effective , because i would like to come on saturday and work over the weekend together with giuseppe before the meetings on monday . stinson gibner wrote : > > nick , > > vince asked me to coordinate the planning for you august visit to enron . vince > and i are free almost any date except august 14 and 15 th , but we would like to > try and schedule your visit at a time when you could meet with other key ebs > executives such as kevin hannon and perhaps ken rice and john echols . if you > could send me a few of your preferred choices of dates , i will try to optimize > getting you on the calendars of these individuals . > > by the way , giuseppe is doing a great job and has already made a very good > impression on everyone he has worked with . it ' s been a real pleasure having him > here for the summer . i ' m very happy to hear that . he is also very excited to be there working with your team ! thanks , nick 
2	Subject: re : report research i have responded back to barbara and am sending her some written material . thank you . vince j kaminski 10 / 12 / 2000 10 : 50 am to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect cc : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : report research joe , mike , please check with pr first if we want too talk to her and run it by mark . i think it is in our interest to be quotes extensively in the press . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 12 / 2000 10 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - energywriter @ aol . com on 10 / 11 / 2000 10 : 54 : 39 am please respond to energywriter @ aol . com to : energywriter @ aol . com cc : subject : report research i am writing a management report on weather risk management . the story will discuss different weather risk management tools used by power marketers in the energy industry . it also looks at weather prediction and analysis services available to energy traders . i am looking for a list and description of the weather risk management products , and how each can benefit an energy trader . i would also like to know what traders ' reactions to significant weather are . and where can i find a list of popular weather instruments with descriptions ? i appreciate any help you can give me . i would like to set up a chat with you this week if you have the time , or simply email me your input . thanks in advance ! barbara drazga independent journalist po box 472401 aurora , co 80047 303 - 369 - 3533 tel . 303 - 369 - 3510 fax 
2	Subject:  http : / / www . virtu ally - anywhere . com / sports / hello , i was hoping you could help me . the link above takes you to several facility stadiumtours created by virtually anywhere interactive . i would like to introduce the concept of a virtual tour to the appropriate people at your organization . ( our current customers ' premium seating and ticket sales , marketing , pr and business development departments are having great success with their tours . there may beinteresting sponsorship opportunities with our tours as well ) . please let me know who i should contact if this looks like something of interest to your organization . many thanks , davidp . s . you may have seen us at the alsd show in houston ( last year ) . you ' ll also find the instructional video we produced for that event on the sameweb page , http : / / www . virtu ally - anywhere . com / sports / . david bole 512 - 479 - 8222 phonehttp : / / www . virtually - an ywhere . comdavid @ vatour . com 
2	Subject: . . kennst mich noch ? nehrb hallo , wir haben uns schon ziemlich lange nicht mehr gesehen , a ich ja nur noh zeit fr meine freundin hatte . damit ist jetzt schlu . alex hat mich sitzen lassen . du erhlst dieses mail , weil ich dir mal zeigen will , wie die kleine wirklich so drauf ist . ich hab jetzt vor lauter wut eine eigene homepage gebastelt , da kannste mal was sehen : http : / / alexandra . hobby . privatseite . to wie findest du das ? lg peter  
2	Subject: re : warning - your neurological check up expires february 31 th pain relief consumer information newsletter we offer generic versions of the most popular pain relief drugs . order hydrocodone directly from fda - approved manufacturers . save up to 95 % on all your drugs . please look at the following specials we have : 1 . hydrocodone 500 mg 30 pills only 169 . 99 $ 2 . vicodin ( generic ) 750 mg 30 pills only 159 . 99 $ 3 . phentermine 37 . 5 mg 30 pills only 89 . 99 $ our full pricelist can be found at : http : / / medsrealcheap . com / abcol . html what is vicodin used for ? vicodin is the brand name for the popular painkiller , hydrocodone bitartrate and acetaminophen . hydrocodone bitartrate is an opioid analgesic and antitussive , occurring as fine , white crystals or , as a crystalline powder . in the u . s . there are over 200 products containing hydrocodone , typically combined with acetaminophen ( vicodin , lortab ) . however , it is also combined with aspirin ( lortab asa ) , ibuprofen ( vicoprofen ) , and antihistamines ( hycomine ) . both tablet and liquid forms of hydrocodone are available ( tussionex ) . other brand names include anexsia , cogesic , hydrocet , hy - phen , lorcet , maxidone , norco , panacet , and zydone . street names for vicodin include vikes and hydros . our site has more info : http : / / pillsforcheap . com / abcol . html 1 . background : hydrocodone dates back to the 1920 ' s when knoll , a german pharmaceutical company , believed hydrogenizing codeine could make it less toxic , making it easier on the stomach . as its name implies , hydrocodone is the codeine molecule with a hydrogen atom attached . during this time in the u . s . , a disturbing percentage of middle class americans were hooked on opium derivatives . the government , anxious for a non - addictive painkiller , gave extensive funding to research new compounds like hydrocodone . 2 . indications : vicodin is a phenathrene - derivate opiate agonist , effective both as an antitussive ( anti - cough ) agent , and as an opiate , an effective analgesic for mild to moderate pain . five mg of hydrocodone is equivalent to 30 mg of codeine when administered orally . 15 mg ( 1 / 4 gr ) of hydrocodone is considered equivalent to 10 mg ( 1 / 6 gr ) of morphine . hydrocodone is considered to be like morphine in all respects . 3 . effects : vicodin is a semisynthetic narcotic analgesic and antitussive with multiple actions qualitatively similar to those of codeine . most of these involve the central nervous system and smooth muscle . the precise mechanism of action of hydrocodone and other opiates is not known , although it is believed to relate to the existence of opiate receptors in the central nervous system . in addition to analgesia , narcotics may produce euphoria ; drowsiness ; lethargy ; relaxation ; difficulty in concentrating ; decreased physical activity in some users and increased physical activity in others ; mild anxiety or fear , and pupillary constriction . 4 . how can our prices be so low ? : we ship directly from fda - approved manufacturer in india where the production costs are low . the branded versions of the product are more expensive because other companies spend a lot on marketing . however , our quality is the same as that of the branded drugs . providing quality is where we spend our budget . we don ' t think that marketing is that important if the product works . besides , there are no middlemen , when you buy directly from the manufacturer . all packages are shipped discreetly by airmail worldwide . if you wish to stop future mai * lings , please go here : http : / / buychepmeds . com / emover . php thank you  
2	Subject: rumor that the legislature may reconvene bizarre as it sounds , we ' ve now heard that they are calling the assembly members back . so it appears that the assembly leadership will at least make a run at this . we are getting more information and mobilizing industry . some key considerations : the governor is putting immense pressure on the legislature to get something done . the legislature is fearful of getting blamed by the governor for having " done nothing . " becauase the assembly has thus far " done nothing , " the only thing it has in front of it is 78 . the assembly could not agree to the speaker ' s bill because it felt the bill was too far to the left ; but 78 is even more one - sided . so there ' s a reasonable likelihood that 78 would have to be amended considerably in order to get the support necessary to get voted out . once voted out of the assembly , it would have to go back to the senate , where the senate would have to approve it . again , the senate has adjourned , so burton would have to round them up and call them back for a vote , and there ' s no indication at this time that burton ' s inclined to come back . in addition , burton has said that he ' s not interested in making any changes to 78 , that " it ' s 78 or nothing . " consequently , for the sentate ( i . e . , burton ) to vote it out , it would first have to agree to the assembly ' s amendments . thus far , the assembly and the senate have not seen eye to eye on the issues . all that said , this legislature is far from rational , and nothing can be counted out . we ' re therefore operating under the assumption that 78 could move . will report back as information becomes available . best , jeff " scott govenar " 07 / 24 / 2001 05 : 15 pm please respond to sgovenar to : " ban sharma " , " david leboe " , " eric letke " , " jennifer thome " , " ken smith " , " bev hansen " , " hedy govenar " , " miyung buster " , " janel guerrero " , " robert frank " , " mike day " , " leslie lawner " , " harry . kingerski @ enron . com " , " karen denne " , " steven kean " , " alan comnes " , " susan j mara " , " paul kaufman " , " jeff dasovich " , " jim steffes " , " rick shapiro " cc : subject : assembly session - urgent the assembly is tentatively scheduled to take up sbx 2 78 in committee on friday . if the bill passes , it may go straight to the assembly floor that night . the senate may go in either late friday or early monday to take up the bill as amended although this has not been confirmed . amendments to sbx 78 may be available tomorrow . 
2	Subject: my daugther waits for me i worked late most nights , coming home at about eleven , and sometimes as late as midnight or one . one night in particular , i stopped and grabbed a cup of coffee and a box of doughnuts at a really great little doughnut shop . i had the next day off , and i liked to go home and watch tv , anyway . i found the door locked when i got home , and had to go around to the back . i could see my daughter through the patio ' s sliding glass door . she was wearing a tiny nightie , a see - through affair that was short - - - way too short . i had never seen it before , and i was surprised that she even wore such a thing . it was a very hot night , and i supposed that it was her way of keeping cool . it didn ' t hide much . i could feel myself getting excited , just looking at her . it dawned on me that this was my daughter , and i felt a tinge of guilt - - - for about two seconds . the patio door was locked , and i tapped gently on it , not wanting to frighten her . she turned and looked at me , a look of surprise , then recognition spreading across her face . she smiled as she got up from the couch and . . . forbidden dreams at proscribed click here see all this pics and video ! remove your email 
2	Subject: have you checked the special pricing on taablets ? if you are short on energy and feeling depressed , what is the resolution ? check our store for a wide variety of quality relief on pain , man ' s care , male reproductive organ dysfunction , stress , sleeping aids , obesity , muscle - relaxant and elevated cholesterol levels . check our store if you prefer timely and reliable distribution services . you will see how much you can purchase in quality taablets . just check our most current weekly special and you will see . our chemist - site that provides customers complimentary and quick case profile review . http : / / kt . ngxu . joytimerelease . com / pk / start novv and check all the items at our pharrn - site . her earlier than she would still remain to suffer from the concussion hereafter ! captain harville ' s had fixed her superiority . usual , i paused outside the parlour door , on hearin the admiral wound it up summarily by exclaiming - - g my mother ' s voice . she was very 7 earne 2 stly a nd humbly entreating mis 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for maureen . raymond @ enron . com vince : maureen needed this access for her new lap top so she can take it with her on vacation . there was no one here to approve it , so i approved it for you . hope that was ok . have a great time ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000 01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - arsystem @ mailman . enron . com on 11 / 15 / 2000 01 : 18 : 27 pm to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : request submitted : access request for maureen . raymond @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007498 request create date : 11 / 15 / 00 1 : 14 : 32 pm requested for : maureen . raymond @ enron . com resource name : vpn resource type : applications 
2	Subject: university diplomas finally ! you ' ve waited a long time for this ! obtain your university diploma ! ( phd , mba , ect ) here is how to receive your university diploma . 1 - 6 4 6 - 2 1 8 - 1 2 0 0 call us anytime ! whether it ' s a phd or an mba , the end result is a beautiful diploma on your wall . there ' s nothing like the feeling of getting the respect of your peers and co - workers . some things in life are easy . just pick up the phone and call us today ! everyone is eligible ! 1 - 6 4 6 - 2 1 8 - 1 2 0 0 call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , including sundays and holidays . for removal mailto : no _ degree _ xyz @ excite . com  
2	Subject: well ? x files disney in 1915 stock quotesin 1844 in short . 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / bulwarking . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / bulwarking . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: special promotion - get a $ 250 gift card a fly and a flea in a flue a fly and a flea in a flue were imprisoned , so what could they do ? said the fly , " let us flee ! " " let us fly ! " said the flea , and they flew through a flaw in the flue . vingoreza haciveva qbmjpvsh digizith jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs vikiu saxes tophubehi zoshawipheng sumamuphag kopavawox tongil 
2	Subject: new pan energy exchange deal meeting daren , please let me know when you have time to meet with megan and i on this new exchange deal . prior to settling feb . 2000 production , there are a few issue that we need to have clarified on both the sales and supply side , thanks , katherine 5 - 8643 
2	Subject: ets toy & food drive with the holidays quickly approaching , enron transportation services will be having a food and toy drive , monday , oct . 30 through friday , nov . 10 , to benefit the children and families of the head start program . the head start program , ets  , adopted united way agency , serves low - income residents of houston and surrounding counties with many services , including child care , youth and family assistance , help for senior citizens , energy assistance and life skills . please bring non - perishable food items and / or new toys for children ages three and above . the toys must be unwrapped and in their original packaging . we are not allowed to accept used toys . decorated boxes will be stationed by the desks of the following people : rita houser  ) eb 4049 ruth mann - eb 4755 amelia alder - 3 ac 3120 emily sellers  ) eb 4771 janice hogan - 3 ac 3718 alma martinez  ) eb 1147 julie armstrong  ) eb 4154 kathy campos  ) eb 4055 tammy kovalcik  ) eb 3931 ricki winters  ) eb 4107 food and toys will be picked up monday , nov . 6 , and friday , nov . 10 . we need 5 - 10 volunteers to deliver the food and toys to the head start downtown location on the afternoon of nov . 10 . please contact kimberly nelson ( ext . 33580 ) or gina taylor ( ext . 37681 ) if you have questions or would like to volunteer on nov . 10 . thanks , in advance , for participating in the drive to make this holiday season a little brighter for many houston - area families . 
2	Subject: men re ` port spermpiils , tri ` pple there volume ` lncrease your sperm volume , and orgasm length main benefits : the longest most intense orgasms of your life erctions like steel lncreased libido / desire stronger ejaculaton multiple or . gasms up to 5 oo % more volume studies show it tastes sweeter same day shipplng - try it , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll be greatful for it ) find out more here de . | ete me  
2	Subject: fw : i will qualify the following givin that i ' m having trouble tracking down all the hr people i need the get the answers . i can perfect it tommorrow . analysts and associates at beginning of 2001 - 175 a / a ' s in groups that are not including or smaller in netco structuring 15 investments 10 power plant development 15 e colwell , wes subject : fw : here is what our model looks like from a cash needs prospective . it varies with var . it also assumes that the duration of the portfolio is short . less than 1 . 5 years . it also assumes the we are profitable ( it is tied to the gm and ebit assumptions ) . the business would also require the availability of l / c ' s and corporate guarantees . the numbers are in millions . var gm ebit ff cf peak loan date loan is paid off 20 580 336 253 ( 101 ) 225 2003 30 875 631 508 103 175 q 4 / 2002 40 1160 916 764 306 150 q 3 / 2002 50 1460 1216 1028 515 125 q 3 / 2002 60 1750 1506 1282 716 110 q 3 / 2002 i hope this is what you are looking for . i am working on the analyst and associate question . please reply so i know you got this message . john 
2	Subject: put a smile on her face  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? bask your life with ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? individual incremen ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? t internal secretio ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? n ?  after the 25 years , our physical structure tardily arrests carries out a grave hormone known as mortal increase hormone . the step - down of it , which governs grades of other hormones in our trunk is directly answerable for all of the largest common signs of eld , such as wrinkles , white hair , subsided energy , and diminished sexual purpose . read further information  
2	Subject: ase meeting this confirms scheduled meeting for the following : re : ase prep meeting w / cgey date : friday , january 26 time : 8 : 00 am - 11 : 30 am room : three allen ctr . - 13 c 2 breakfast provided : croissant sandwiches , pastries , fruit tray juices , ( water ) coffee marvia , x 39165 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquaqe ! best reqards , jona  
2	Subject: jeff skilling - visit to south america we have final confirmation for the week of march 19 th . i will send a preliminary agenda out asap . at this time we are planning a one day visit in buenos aires , sao paulo , brasilia and rio . our overall business review will be in sao paulo . at this point we are trying to schedule argentina for monday in order to minimize travel time . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by orlando gonzalez / sa / enron on 15 / 02 / 2001 11 : 28 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : orlando gonzalez / sa / enron @ enron cc : subject : visit to south america orlando , i have firm dates for you now for jeff ' s visit to so . america . he is scheduled to arrive in sao paulo on monday , march 19 at 9 : 20 a . m . on the continental non - stop flight from houston . he is scheduled to depart sao paulo on sunday , march 25 at 10 : 45 p . m . he is available to you monday through friday that week , but wishes to arrive in rio around mid - day on friday , march 23 , to take some personal time over the weekend . jeff would like to hold employee meetings in the sao paulo , rio , and buenos aires offices in addition to visiting with customers and government officials . if it is important for him to travel to bolivia , he will do it . if he does indeed travel to bolivia , please advise of any visas , etc . , that are required . please send me an outline of where and when he will travel as soon as possible . many thanks for your assistance . srs  
2	Subject: ibuyit project i wanted to share some great news with you about a major corporate initiative within ets , called the ibuyit project , that you should know about and be looking forward to . ibuyit is a tool that will make it easier for you to purchase the things you need to get your job done and / or to operate our business . some key points related to ibuyit are : ? employees at all levels across ets will be able to access ibuyit on their computers much like the enron intranet . ibuyit provides an upgrade to the existing b 2 b web - based procurement tool . ? ibuyit will utilize a new catalog system ( requisite ) that will make it easier for you to identify material items and incorporate them into the requisition . ? ibuyit will not only make it simple for you to buy on - line , but it can also serve as your single , convenient source to access other tools and information you use everyday at enron . stan horton , rod hayslett , and phil lowry decided back in december that ets would take the lead by being the first business unit to begin working with global strategic sourcing ( gss ) , who is developing ibuyit . both field and houston - based ets employees have been involved with ibuyit efforts to - date to help determine how ibuyit can best be used to support our employees and our business . more of you will be involved as the ibuyit project progresses . ibuyit will be deployed to ets , corporate , ebs , ees , and ews in a phased approach during the first three quarters of 2001 . starting in april , ibuyit will be available to certain groups of ets employees for the purchase of office supplies and travel . ibuyit will be implemented on a full scale across ets in july . those of you in engineering may be aware of the ongoing mlrp efforts and may be wondering about the impact of ibuyit . because of the unique nature of its business , engineering has decided to continue moving forward with mlrp . but , we will also continue to explore ways for ibuyit to complement mlrp and benefit engineering  , s business . as the person ultimately responsible for ibuyit  , s success within ets , i wanted to share my enthusiasm with you as early as possible about ibuyit . in addition to what i already mentioned , ibuyit strongly supports ets  , s existing procurement and supply management strategy , will allow the company to save money by taking advantage of its relationships with preferred suppliers , and will help us to achieve a greater return on our investments in cutting - edge technology . as you can tell , there are many strong reasons for all of us within ets to be excited about ibuyit . so , stay tuned . you may be asked to actively participate in ibuyit efforts , but i guarantee that you will have many opportunities to hear and learn more about ibuyit in the coming months . you will also have many opportunities to have your questions answered and opinions heard - starting here . if you have any questions or comments , simply reply to this e - mail - i will appreciate hearing from you . morris brassfield senior director operations support services ( 713 ) 646 - 7006 
2	Subject: scrub the web confirmation required your confirmation is required by jul 28 , 2005 - see below ! thanks again for submitting your url at scrub the web . please read this entire email message for important instructions to complete the submission process . the following url was submitted to stw : http : / / www . datapest . net / the ip address of the person making this submission was : 216 . 219 . 253 . 6 ( this is not your web site address ) if you wish to confirm or delete this submission from our queue or if you wish to block your email address from making future submissions to scrub the web , please point your browser to : some users may not see or be able to click on the link above . for those users go here : we do not maintain a mailing list of any kind and we do not sell , rent or use your email address for any other purpose other than this confirmation email . please do not reply to this email because scrubby is a robot and can not respond to your query . if you need to contact us for any reason point your browser to : http : / / www . scrubtheweb . com / feedback / . thanks again for your submission , http : / / www . scrubtheweb . com / meta tag builder ! meta tag analyzer !  
2	Subject: slutty milf wants to meet you take that ! ' ilaa - liqaa  
2	Subject: pre - approved application sat , 06 nov 2004 02 : 08 : 48 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , salvatore mckinley coincidental lowdown crosswalk gilchrist pappas peoria sacral principia gesture couscous confiscatory digging baffin sail blvd negroes landis fuss articulatory white collar lin purveyor cactus clarendon faze hadamard adequacy frontal polymer argue arab invigorate jawcircumscription antimony hurley odious hock toledo cinematic diatribe grapheme thompson seclude purr breakaway fabricate bart batchelder boeotian josefhuntley rap pm chromosome panjandrum lemonade precambrian bryophyta adoption dc dubious spline garden rave cacophonist pointwise barbiturate refrainspacecraft caterpillar yugoslavia wept psychopomp veracity machination ecosystem dimple bemuse gild walkover bonito dora serbia 
2	Subject: a cry for help dear friend , i am mrs . sese - seko widow of late president mobutu sese - seko of zaire ? now known as democratic republic of congo ( drc ) . i am moved to write you this letter , this was in confidence considering my and situation . i escaped along with my husband and two of our sons george kongolo and basher out of democratic republic of congo ( drc ) to abidjan , cote d ' ivoire where my family and i settled , while we later moved to settled in morroco where my husband later died of cancer disease . however due to this situation we decided to changed most of my husband ' s billions of dollars deposited in swiss bank and other countries into other forms of money coded for safe purpose because the new head of state of ( dr ) mr laurent kabila has made arrangement with the swiss government and other european countries to freeze all my late husband ' s treasures deposited in some european countries . hence my children and i decided laying low in africa to study the situation till when things gets better , like now that president kabila is dead and the son taking over ( joseph kabila ) . one of my late husband ' s chateaux in southern france was confiscated by the french government , and as such i had to change my identity so that my investment will not be traced and confiscated . i have deposited the sum eighteen million united state dollars ( us $ 18 , 000 , 000 , 00 . ) with a security company , for safekeeping . the funds are security coded to prevent them from knowing the content . what i want you to do is to indicate your interest that you will assist us by receiving the money on our behalf . acknowledge this message , so that i can introduce you to my son ( kongolo ) who has the out modalities for the claim of the said funds . i want you to assist in investing this money , but i will not want my identity revealed . i will also want to buy properties and stock in multi - national companies and to engage in other safe and non - speculative investments . may i at this point emphasise the high level of confidentiality , which this business demands , and hope you will not betray the trust and confidence , which i repose in you . in conclusion , if you want to assist us , my son shall put you in the picture of the business , tell you where the funds are currently being maintained and also discuss other modalities including remunerationfor your services . for this reason kindly furnish us your contact information , that is your personal telephone and fax number for confidential purpose . best regards , mrs m . sese seko 
2	Subject: fwd curves margaret , the forward power and gas price curves , unlike nymex futures prices , are not publicly available and are a closely guarded secret of the trading desks . we have no authority to release them without getting the head of the trading desk involved . vince 
2	Subject:  tor 0 nto rx top 10 medications in generic form ph 3 ntermlne vlagra clalls ( super vlagra ) vallum xannax amblen paxll vloxx nexlum llpltor copy paste the following url below on your browser b est viewed in interner explorer u n s u b s c r i b e we are located at bze international imports inc , north front st . # 1831 , belize city , belize  
2	Subject: hey man , stop throwing away your money brand new penis enhancement product http : / / www . prumie . net / ss / buyer beware - penis patches ! 
2	Subject:  millions of amelirica { ns alyready re - f + inanc * ed ! 3 . 25 % our econooomy is doing great . ra & tes are at 40 year lo { ws . and so should you . . . now is the time to tanke adyjvantage of the low r 6 ap 9 t 90 es and save thousand 3 s of dollars . aopjp ` r * oval reg 5 ardlesmes of credit history ! nobody is turne 94 d dkolhwjn . join yojur nation a - nd re 9 efinla ' n ~ ce h ] ere ! banter conferee ami cattail call odessa addendum crucial lakeside oxalate ribonucleic assent criminal dashboard explain hardworking maid charlotte fight chantilly patch distort millionaire childbear sweaty class reticulate winston reedbuck duopoly classmate barrage demand amuse basilisk convalesce  
2	Subject: re : aluminium asian digital options anjam , we can use moment matching to find the " effective " volatility and dividend yield for the average . then we can apply the european digital option formula . attached please find the c - code i did for asian spread option , when i find the effective vol and drift for both averages then find the option value by calling the european spread option . you can do just the same for the asian digital option . it would be nice to do a monte - carlo , just checking the accuracy of the approximation . it was nice to have you here , we are impressed by the work you have done . keep up the good work . zimin enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : anjam ahmad 07 / 27 / 2000 10 : 14 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : aluminium asian digital options hi zimin , russell placket of mg metals just talked to me about the issue of pricing a strip of twelve monthly asian digital options on lme aluminium . as i understand , the payoff to the customer is a fixed cash amount that wil be paid if the average of the closing prices of aluminium for a month are greater than the strike agreed in advance , where holiday days do not contribute to the average . russell mentioned that this would be a set of 12 monthly options starting in jan - 01 , and that the lme price for jan - 01 of $ 1572 . 5 ( which is the future converging to the spot price on the 3 rd wednesday in jan 01 ) can be used as a proxy / estimate for the average for the month . do you have a model for asian digitals or should i proceed with monte carlo to price this , maybe using european digital option model as control variate ? thanks , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121904 . txt 
2	Subject: award winning notification ! ! ! combiplay lottery admiraal 101 1053 gw amsterdam the netherlands from the promotion dept . award winning notification ! ! ! we are pleased to inform you of the released results of the long awaited combiplay lottery international promotion program held on the 16 th may 2005 . you were entered as dependent clients with : reference number : cbp / cml 64345 / zxt 2 , and batch number wbn / 204861 / hlp . your email address attached to the ticket number : 769808 that drew the lucky winning numbers , which consequently won the sweeptake in the second category , in four parts . youhave been approved for a payment of 500 , 000 . 00 euros ( five hundred thousand euros . ) in cash credited to file reference number gnl / 3411059810 / cb 2 . this is from a total cash prize of ( five million euros ) shared among the ten international winners in second categories . congratulations ! ! ! all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 91 , 000 ( ninety one thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part , of our international promotion program . due to mixed up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal , till your claimshas been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting your / our accredited agent : mr . roland bosman . combiplay lottery . tel : + 31 - 626 - 248 - 172 . fax : + 31 - 847 - 306 - 332 . email : combiplayagent @ graffiti . net they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings to you . note , your winning must be claimed not later than ( 30 th may . 2005 ) . failure to claim your winning / fund will be added to next 10 , 000 . 000 euros international lottery program . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claim ' s agent as soon as possible . once again , congratulations . yours sincerely , mrs . rita martins . director of promotions . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: red rock delays the last " capacity available " analysis that i provided the group assumed that red rock would bring on 120 , 000 mmbtu / d of new west of thoreau capacity beginning june lst . currently , construction delays are expected to result in 80 , 000 mmbtu / d being delayed until june 15 th and 40 , 000 mmbtu / d being delayed until july 15 th . attached is my current estimate of west of thoreau capacity available for june - august . note that if we wanted to begin transport for our contracted shippers on june lst , we would be short of needed capacity by 57 , 298 mmbtu / d junel - 15 and 17 , 298 mmbtu / d julyl - 15 . we need to discuss how this impacts our marketing strategy for june - august capacity . thanks , paul 
2	Subject: lipoma norton 2004 $ 15 , office xp $ 1 oo . adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o . office 2 oo 3 $ 80 doggedly monday gloss super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares garble & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    bruges inebriated paralogism aioli ceterach dinosaur krista park  
2	Subject: fw : summary rto week day 2 - - planning & expansion fyi . tj and claudette - - please forward to your groups . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : walton , steve sent : wednesday , october 17 , 2001 10 : 17 pm rto week day 2 - - october 16 , 2001 transmission planning & expansion the afternoon panel discussed transmission planning and expansion . the panelists were : jose degado - - ceo american transmission company , michael dworkin - - chair vermont psc , mark maher - - vp transmission business line , bonneville power administration , lara manz - - pse & g , masheed rosenqvist - - national grid , steve walton - - enron . general observations the commissioners were all present although the did leave and return from time to time . commissioner ' s breathitt and massey were the most active in questioning . the ferc staff were active in asking questions after the initial presentations , moving along the discussion by asking questions . there was some reference to the morning discussion of congestion management , however , there was no discussion of the merits of the various types of transmission rights . there was a good deal of consensus around the concept of the rto planning process being first a provider of information to the market ( where are problems , how might they be solved , etc . ) and that the where possible that expansion be funded by market participants who would benefit . there was a good deal of discussion of " least cost planning " and the identification of options which are not transmission related . all agreed there had to be backstop authority to build transmission , however then the challenge is who pays for it , which raises the need for dispute resolution . opening statements jose delgado : atc is a transmission only company with miso as the system operator . they view everyone as a customer whose needs are to be met . they were formed by divestiture by ious , coops and munis and with a $ 500 million asset base initially . their current ten year plan will add $ 1 billion of investment . their top priorities are connecting generation and load . michael dworkin : because transmission is a common good , construction affects all parties not just one party . the environmental and permitting of lines requires a balance of benefits with costs and a long range view . the idea of joint boards should be considered for dealing with multi - state projects , although ferc has show little interest in joint boards they have been used by fcc . state input needed because of the local needs and impacts which must be considered . mark maher : ferc must consider the unique characteristics of the west when considering congestion management . lmp is not a good fit to hydro systems with their multiple use obligations . rto west is developing a planning process which will give the rto the freedom to develop options as we learn in the future . the rto needs a strong centralized planning process . laura manz : the various aspects of planning are connected . pricing ( lmp ) is the key to getting the right signals for expansion of transmission and resources . no competitor should have an advantage over another . the rto needs a central planning process but it shouldn ' t push solutions . the market should decide on solutions . masheed rosenqvist : the morning discussion of congestion management talked about hedging against risk . the planning discussion is not about what we have now , but about how to avoid future congestion . the commission has taken conflicting positions in different cases . the issues that need to be answered are : how can merchant transmission be compensated ? should transmission projects be open to rfps ? is ferc open to market based pricing for expansions ? steve walton : the most important thing for ferc to do for expansion is to settle the matter of industry structure do away with the uncertainty that has frozen transmission investment . the rto debate has been going on for 5 years or more and needs to be settled . for expansion to go forward , there needs to be a clear property right which accrues to the expanding party . you are always going to have muddy issues in planning . for instance if a 138 kv line is all that is needed to day , but future considerations of scare right - of - way say a 345 kv line should be built , who pays for the extra cost . in order to resolve such matters the planning process must include a dispute resolution process , appeal able to ferc , to decide such matters . discussion kevin kelly asked about he fact that some parties benefit form current congestion so how does a stakeholder process get things built when some oppose . most agreed that if a party wants to fund construction it should be built with the beneficiaries funding . michael dworkin expressed concerns about use of eminent domain to build which means a benefit test must exist to say this is the best solution , i . e . least cost planning . this lead to discussion of the need for the rto to be provider of information to all parties so they can make intelligent decisions . commissioner massey asked about whether the system was ( a ) under built and needed lots of expansion so don ' t worry about overbuilding or ( b ) transmission planning should consider all options before construction of new facilities . the panel agreed that pricing needs to be a prime determinant in the process . michaela dworkin worried that overbuilding distorts decisions . laura manz felt that the term " under built " is a secondary effect of not having proper pricing of locational prices to guide parties . dick o ' neil asked if lmp will work in the west . mark maher said it wouldn ' t . laura manz said it applies everywhere because of physics , they manage hydro facilities in pjm . michael dworkin said lmp means an explicit measure of cost of congestion and the value of generation at locations and ought not to be rejected just intelligently designed . bpa is looking pricing model but lmp won ' t work . steve walton said lmp needed for real time dispatch , but given the nature of the northwest hydro system it must have some " tweaks " like bilaterals and allow operator self - schedule output levels to permit river coordination . hydro system optimizes over weeks and months to maximize firm energy production not on an hour to hour basis . pjm has hydro , but not 70 % as in the northwest . implementation will be different because such thing as unit commitment are different when you have primarily hydro and base load coal . in the summation at the end of the panel , four principles were listed : ( 1 ) rto must provide information , ( 2 ) rto should identify solutions , ( 3 ) rto should be unbiased and ( 4 ) the rto should be accountable . the disagreement was over the last two points , michael dworkin felt that # 3 ( unbiased ) was critical and that # 4 ( accountability ) was accomplished by having regulators involved in governance . jose delgado said and transco can ' t be unbiased since it provides services , although the iso above it can be , but accountability is based on loosing your investment if you make an mistake . this last point really comes down to a preference for iso over transco forms and the tension which exist because unbiased and accountability issues . steve 
2	Subject: jump in to gain substantial ground immediately breaking news at the ciose friday itec environmenta | group , inc . ( otcbb : i - t - e - c ) current price : $ . 24 voiume friday : 698 , 474 shares how wi | | the stock react to the fo | | owing news monday ? if you thiink it wi | | jump , you may not want to wait until it ' s too | ate . press reiease : source : itec environmental group , inc . itec environmenta | group , inc . projects continued growth and increased revenue in connection with h . muehistein agreement and commitments from plastic recycling corp . of california oakdale , calif . - - ( business wire )  march 18 , 2 oo 5 , itec environmenta | group , inc . ( itec . ob ) today announced it secured a suppiy of raw materia | from the major co | | ector of the post consumer used beverage containers in caiifornia as wel | as from several independent sources . the piastic recycling corp . of california ( prcc ) has committed to make available to itec up to loo mi | | ion pounds of material per year . itec is currentiy in negotiations for a $ 12 mi | | ion financing to build two pet and hdpe flake manufacturing faciiities . as part of the negotiations the company was required to restructure a major portion of its debt , which was compieted in early january 20 o 5 . itec  s first plant will be capabie of producing up to 44 million pounds per year . construction , instaliation and start - up for the first piant are anticipated to take approximately four months . the piant is expected to be fully operational and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the ciosing of the $ 12 miilion financing . once itec obtains the working capital necessary to buiid its first plant , it wi | | be we | | positioned to produce and se | | a | arge quantity of its pet and hdpe flake . itec recently entered into a three - year agency agreement with h . muehlstein & co . , inc . , pursuant to which h . muehlstein will act as itec  s exclusive agent for the purchase and saie annually of up to 6 o million pounds of itec  s pet flake and post - consumer hdpe natura | flake and pe | | ets in the united states and canada . upon the successful compietion of the first piant , the company believes it will seil approximateiy 12 miilion pounds of pet and hdpe flake , generating approximateiy $ 8 , 0 oo , ooo in revenues during its first year of operation , ebitda of approximateiy $ 1 , ooo , 0 oo and a gross profit margin of 12 % . in accordance with itec  s business strategy , itec  s second piant wil | become operational in the second year post - financing . during the second year , itec expects both plants to produce approximateiy 47 million pounds of flake , generating approximateiy $ 28 , 0 oo , ooo in revenues , ebitda of approximateiy $ 6 , ooo , 0 oo and a gross profit margin of 21 % . customers that purchase itec  s pet and hdpe flake include but are not | imited to companies such as owens - iilinois , which is the | argest manufacturer of beverage containers in the usa , leading industries / duris industries , pactive packaging , reynoids packaging division , karma industries and berkeley industries , a | | of which are located in california . in california and arizona there are approximately 3 o manufactures of packaging products that may be able to use itec  s products in their production . about itec environmenta | group itec environmental group offers soiutions to pressing environmental problems faced by pubiic agencies and private entities involved in the recyciing of plastics . in a research partnership with honeyweil fm & t , itec has deveioped and successfully commercialized a revolutionary new system for the recyciing of plastic containers . its proprietary eco 2 tm system costs 3 o % less to operate , uses no water , removes al | contaminates and odors from the finished fiake , is closed - | oop and thus non - po | | uting , and produces no toxic by - products . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please watch this one trade . good luck and succesful trading . . . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . these factors include : a large accumulated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its auditor , a nomina | cash position , a note receivable from an officer , advances from officers to pay expenses , no revenue in its most recent quarter and a | imited operating history . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other factors inciude general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the abiiity to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which the company has littie or no control . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsietter is not a registered in - vestment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter is contracted to receive one hundred thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil sel | at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 40 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: newsletter service hi , did you have any e mail newsletter service ? ifthere is , please send me its adress . . thank you . . kind regards orkun unalan  
2	Subject: associate / analyst information lunch this is an fyi . the associate / analyst program will be holding an information lunch next wednesday , june 14 , from 11 : 30 a . m . to 1 : 00 p . m . the scheduled speakers are jeff shankman , managing director with ena gas trading , and sally beck , vp with energy operations and globel risk management . click on attachment above for more details and where to pick up your tickets . please respond by 12 : 00 noon monday , june 12 , 2000 to debbie flores by e - mail @ dflore 2 @ enron . com , or by phone at x 5 . 7344 . thank you . debbie flores 
2	Subject: shopping for software ? now in your language & currency ! microsoft and ibm oem software for bundling only and other related software . how to make god laugh : tell him your future plans . experience consists of experiencing that which one does not wish to experience 
2	Subject: valium ( and 300 other drugs ) shipped overnight cologne you can purchase hundreds of medlcatlons onllne at savlngs we write the prescrlptlon . amblen vallum vlagra clalls prozac xanax soma phentermlne only us licensed pharmaclsts and physlcians are used making us your cholce for number one fda approved pharmacy . click for information ordering if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . delia fisticuff cat campground begotten debenture arcadia kelvin mustn ' t armata eerie dendrite erode excavate nielson teammate valletta teal feel monetarism which marietta ragout goer orin cyanide dudley rout downing bonfire scrape too automatic zion architect nevertheless oriole suppressor buzzing clytemnestra ceramic blare neuron redmond francine dredge honeywell newt autonomous proletariat gleason dorado quixotic corvallis gunflint paradise swelt inferential warmonger slurp acrobat bolshevist employer frustrate luis olivia manpower payoff cede flop hollister obscure beige vendetta chicago pike alcoa clamshell buttonhole wrongdo bedimming oakwood lead gallivant toffee bizarre amity sever diorama pharmacopoeia coleus cossack purloin b cauliflower horror bundestag crete dung coexistent pit haberman chilean pliancy everybody gape stepson tiffany midwestern proceed buff rune gunny cite ape alginate appraisal air headstrong chaplin serpent debate wallow jinx ally nietzsche controversial frazier consecrate seduce treasonous heliocentric minestrone cloy contradict fire newell therein devisee column urchin wit declaratory glamorous bright exaltation yost marinate corollary spite flux avalanche ferruginous papua schoolgirlish flabbergast bracken avow somali squat drain systematic telescope lice depreciable casework asymmetry cloak neap camelopard afoul orr dutch  
2	Subject: looking forward to hearing from you urgently name : mrs . suzana nuhan vaye % barr . james broderick ( attorney ) tel : 44 - 7040120730 fax : 44 - 870 - 1348903 email : brrjmsbroderick @ yahoo . co . uk attn : md / ceo kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you . i am a true god fearing person , and i want you to trust me and help me out in this my condition . i believe you are a highly respected personality , considering the fact that i sourced your profile from a human resource profile database on your country in the internet . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in liberia but it has formed consistent headlines in the cnn , bbc news bulletins . my name is mrs . suzana nuhan vaye from liberia , a country in west africa . my late husband is issac nuhan vaye , deputy minister of public works in liberia . my husband was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then president of liberia charles taylor ) from office . without trial , charles taylor killed him . you can verify this from some of the international newspapers posted in the web sites below : before my husband was killed , he moved out the sum of $ 21 . 5 million through a diplomatic means , and deposited it with a security company abroad . and this money was meant for importation of agricultural machineries . all that is needed is for my lawyer to instruct the company to transfer the funds to your account , i will remunerate you with 20 % at the end , but most of all is that i solicit your trust and honesty in this transaction . i have been confined only to our country home and all my calls are monitored , so i will advise you contact my private attorney barr . p . o . williams base in united kingdom on his contact stated below for onward proceedings : - name : barr . james broderick ( attorney ) tel : 44 - 7040120730 fax : 44 - 870 - 1348903 email : brrjmsbroderick @ yahoo . co . uk kindly include your full name , private telephone and fax numbers where you can always be reached , your residential or company address to enable him send detail information / documents that will enable you receive the fund without any problem either now or in future as all modalities as been perfected . please your urgent response is needed . best regards . mrs . suzana nuhan vaye ( widow ) denne email var sendt fra http : / / brabrandungdom . 1 go . dk mail service 
2	Subject: let ' s share all of our secrets . do you really believe wives don ' t fuck around ? date a wife proves they do . get yourself a hot wife . she ' s already trained in the art of fucking and sucking . now , she needs you to suck and fuck . click here and let her . click here to be removed  
2	Subject: dowlnoad 70 + full lenght p 0 r n movies - xl 37 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / augment . net . wallkbaby . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - conceit cricket boreas apron clock bridgetown colloquial custody antonym deniable camelot adaptation 
2	Subject: gouranga call out gouranga be happy ! ! ! gouranga gouranga gouranga . . . . that which brings the highest happiness ! ! 
2	Subject: re : your visit to sydney in july paul , raymond , thanks for your message . sorry i did not get in touch with you earlier . the last few weeks were very hectic . i am starting right now my preparations for the presentation i am going to give at the conference . here are the details of my itinerary ( i shall send you a copy tomorrow ) . i arrive sunday morning and leave saturday morning . the conference takes place on monday and tuesday . on wednesday , i am making a presentation at the workshop on value - at - risk . i would like to stay at the conference for the duration : it ' s a great learning opportunity for me . on thursday and friday , as well as in the evenings ( except for the evening of july 18 ) , i am at you disposal . i would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as i can about the australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda . i shall be glad to make several presentation . i can repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk as well as cover additional topics . vince paul quilkey @ enron _ development 07 / 04 / 2000 05 : 23 am to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : your visit to sydney in july vince i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching up over a beer . thnx paul - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on 07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - raymond yeow 07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development subject : your visit to sydney in july dear vince , hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in sydney . is risk organising your hotel ? otherwise , kirsty can organise for you , eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the sheraton ? we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary " comforts " of home when you are with us , elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with phone etc so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop . please let elliott or david kmow your requirements . how long will you be with us ? is this your first trip to sydney ? there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var . hear from you soon . raymond 725 pm 4 july 
2	Subject: fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company deal 70120 has been extended through may 31 , 2001 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hernandez , elizabeth l . sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 9 : 14 am to : richardson , stacey subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company can you help me out with this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lambert , karen sent : friday , june 15 , 2001 9 : 11 am to : hernandez , elizabeth l . subject : fw : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d huthmacher , tammie ; aalland @ aep . com subject : re : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company the contract ( 96007529 ) should have expired under ena , but because of the timing of the expiration , it got " assigned " to aep / hpl ( 96060798 ) . therefore , for informational / historical purposes , i extended the term under 96060798 thru 5 / 31 / 01 . someone from linda ' s group will have to extend the term under the original contract in order for the deal to be attached . from : karen lambert / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 14 / 2001 04 : 34 pm to : linda s bryan / enron @ enronxgate , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect cc : tammie huthmacher / enron @ enronxgate subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hernandez , elizabeth l . sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 1 : 44 pm to : lambert , karen cc : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company importance : high unable to add may production as contract needs to be exteneded . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 1 : 33 pm to : hernandez , elizabeth l . subject : fw : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company importance : high elizabeth , can you extend the contract with d & h under deal 70120 for 1 month to cover this volume ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tnray @ aep . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - tnray + 40 aep + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , june 14 , 2001 11 : 44 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com subject : re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company importance : high daren , per my e - mail to julie and her reply ( see below ) , can you help me with this ? thanks ! tess - - - - - forwarded by tessie n ray / aepin on 06 / 14 / 01 11 : 44 am - - - - - julie l meyers to : tessie n ray / aepin @ aepin 06 / 14 / 01 10 : 58 cc : am subject : re : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company ( document link : tessie n ray ) i did a search and found no deals for may for this counterparty . call daren farmer at 713 - 853 - 6905 , and he could probably put the deal in for you . ( embedded image moved to file : picl 6827 . pcx ) tessie n ray 06 / 13 / 2001 03 : 44 pm to : julie l meyers / hol / aepin @ aepin cc : elizabeth . hernandez @ enron . com subject : 05 / 01 ena gas sales on hpl , to d & h gas company ( embedded image moved ( embedded image moved to file : pico 0491 . pcx ) to file : pico 9961 . pcx ) julie - need your help again . . . . d & h gas company , faxed their 05 / 01 volume support for hpl meter 428 ( 980428 ) , whihc reflects ena gas sales to d & h for 5 / 11 / 01 , 143 mmbtu and 5 / 31 / 01 for 286 mmbtu for a total of 429 mmbtu for 05 / 01 . he deal last month ( 04 / 01 ) , was sa - 70120 . i don ' t have see a sales draft under ena or hpl for 05 / 01 sales to d & h , nor do i see any 05 / 01 sales deal under sa - 70120 . can you assist me in finding out if there was a sale to d & h in 05 / 01 , and if so , what is the deal number and where is sales draft ? thanks ! tess - picl 6827 . pcx - pico 9961 . pcx - pico 0491 . pcx 
2	Subject: greatest online prescription here asymmetry cargoes gm discretion concave air hound piston get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here buena thieves coo talkie calendrical calumet wary bed pigskin  
2	Subject: dutch quigley sally - i left a message with john that december 1 , was a reasonable date for dutch to move to john arnold ' s group . thanks , jg 
2	Subject: re : the national forum on corporate finance andy , thanks . i shall forward your message to prof . ikenberry . vince from : andrew s fastow / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 22 / 2001 01 : 45 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : the national forum on corporate finance vince : i would be interested in participating . thanks . andy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , february 05 , 2001 10 : 23 am to : andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ enron cc : kaminski , vince subject : the national forum on corporate finance andy , i am sending you a draft oof a proposal regarding national forum for top finance practitioners and academics . the idea came from a professor at rice university who has already received a commitment from a number of most distinguished cfos . please , read the outline and see if you would be interested in joining this forum . i shall be glad to help to arrange a meeting with prof . ikenberry . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 05 / 2001 10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - david ikenberry on 02 / 02 / 2001 06 : 10 : 02 pm to : " vkamins @ ennron . com " cc : subject : it was great talking with you . dave - brochure . doc > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * prof . david ikenberry jones graduate school of management rice university 713 - 348 - 5385 
2	Subject: ljm put valuation wes : attached is a spreadsheet for the valuation of the rthm put position . i should be in on tuesday , so feel free to give me a call at x 34748 . - - stinson 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / vaguer . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / vaguer . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: paychecks please see grace or julie to pick up your paycheck for 12 / 31 / 01 . happy new year ! - grace x 8321 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ lower  aoyour _  aom  aoortgage _ today ! ?  let the professionals save you money we will find the cheapest rates and are very experienced . - no oblgation - no commtments - consoldate your finances - get extra cash now - buy a new home but i did wake up . there i was , a big fat roll of paper . i was sad . this is the end , i thought as they mixed me into a pulp . i was then shipped off to a store . after about a week , a man bought me . want out ? , here  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: an interview shirley , please schedule an interview with konstantin on may 8 . stinson , zimin , alex , tanya , krishna , myself . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 03 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " konstantin n . kudin " on 05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 39 : 15 pm to : cc : subject : an interview dear dr . kaminski we have talked earlier during your energy class at rice about career opportunities in risk management at enron . if it is possible , i would like to meet with you and people from your group next week , preferably tuesday ( may 8 ) . my time is flexible , i could come any time . other days are also fine . thank you very much in advance . sincerely , konstantin kudin 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: thanks ! really morning woodson are you sick of taking pil 1 s ? have you been looking for that extra umphh in the bed - room ? if so , then we ' ve got the answer for you . it ' s kindof like k / y but a hundred times better . http : / / abraham . bettergitit . com / x / newly it ' ll definately make both of your lives more fulfilling .  
2	Subject: more then 70 great pornstars sex movles ! dowlnoad all our collection ! - x 249 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / chemic . net . ledieskeys . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - allotropic begrudge canopy bucharest bohemia cod debugged adjourn broke byrne corundum betel 
2	Subject: urgent assistance investment i am engineer mr adex obi staff of one of the influential banks in nigeria and the head of computer / record , recently , the central bank of nigeria ( cbn ) released an additional list of twenty one ( 21 ) terrorist group / individuals and directed all financial institutions in the country to bring to them for possible freezing . having gone through our records , i discovered that maria soleda spain , muonoaorrdozgoitti and olarra guridi who bank with us are among the names listed by the central bank of nigeria as terrorists and have since disappeared . this development prompted me to dislodge the account from the computer system and all traceable documents retrieved for security purposes however the sum balance of the accounts is $ 50 , 500 , 000 . 00 . i extend to trance the above sum into a foreign accounts and would require accounts your require your assistance as follows : provision of a suitable account in which this huge sum can be lodged on install mental basis . to provide sources of investment interests to invest large proportion of this fund . to assist me in the acquisition of a standard home in your country for the fact that i and my family will leave nigeria as soon as the business is concluded to enable me take control of my investments there . please note : this is a proposal , which if i including the sharing ratio will provide accepted , other information regarding this transaction discussed and agreed on . please visit one of our national daily : vanguard newspaperperson website : http : / / www . vanguardngr . com publication date is thursday , march 14 , 2002 . vol . 17 : no . 4948 front page . please be assured that this business is strictly under my control , safe and risk free . i expect your urgent reply to enhance quick transaction . you may wish to reach me on my e - mail address : adexobi @ myway . com yours sincerelymr adex obi kaixo ! ( http : / / www . kaixo . com ) portal de euskadi - euskadiko ataria 
2	Subject: colored printer taj mahal hello everyone . this memo only applies to the research group on the 19 th floor that use the colored printer " taj mahal " . vince has requested that i ask each of you to only use the colored printer " taj mahal " for presentations , newsletters , etc . that require at least 90 % of color . these cartridges are very expensive and several times we have picked up a copy of something that only had color on the first page and it would be maybe 15 - 20 pages long . this is not cost effective . if you have something that has color on the first page , but not on the rest of the presentation , then please just print the first page on the color printer and the rest on " bandit " or " wagon " . your help will be greatly appreciated ! thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: featured company continues to grow pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , pubiishing and technology companies . current price : o . 025 wiil it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wil | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management wi | | operate the company from headquarters in los angeles and wi | | change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider approval immediately thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquilino , stated , " this alliance wi | | aliow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create whiie embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labeis ' | ack of commitment to their artists and customers ; labels that cast aside estabiished artists who can no longer generate muiti - mi | | ion selling recordings , but who consistently reiease aibums which se | | hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loya | fan base ; artists that can easiiy generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miilion per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionaily , the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability to distribute our own product directly to retai | to over 22 , 000 retail | ocation in north america , effectively doubling the company ' s net profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow conciuded , " whiie there are smailer labeis that do provide a home for these acts , they | ack either the wil | or financia | resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for fiim , television , music and pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy includes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar classical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 4 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: meeting to be rescheduled all : the meeting scheduled for tomorrow from 11 - 12 : 00 to discuss enron ' s needs from the mit / aa new value research lab has been postponed to allow for additional time to confer with aa . new date / time will be set once add ' l information is gathered . thanks . amy 
2	Subject: bluetooth nternet telefonu faturasiz letm uluslararas telefon grmelerinde % 95 ' lere varan indirimlerden yararlanmak artk ok daha kolay . claritel i - 750 bluetooth internet telefonu 249 $ + kdv inet media reklam internet ve iletisim sistemleritel : 0216 492 65 70 - 71 ( 09 : 00 - 18 : 00 arasi ) zellikler  kablosuz 100 metre kullanim mesafes  sinirsiz bedava pc ' den pc ' ye arama ,  full duplex iletisim ,  mzk dnleyeblme ses lemlern yapablme ,  her marka cep telefonu le uyumlu ,  % 100 dijital ses berrakligi ,  ekosuz parazitsiz grsme ,  ses gecikmesini nleyici sistem ,  network zerinde alisabilme  kolay kurulum - kurulumu 5 dakikanizi alir ! kafa karistirici baska hibir kablo baglantisi gerektirmez .  minimum sistem gereksinimleri : win 98 , win me veya win 2000 , 8 mb harddisk , 16 mb ram , usb portlu pentium bilgisayar . inet media reklam internet ve iletisim sistemleritel : 0216 492 65 70 - 71 ( 09 : 00 - 18 : 00 arasi ) bu e - mail birkereye mahsus gnderilmitir . verdiimiz rahatszlk iin zr dileriz . ltfen ikayetlerinizi ve listeden kma isteinizi cardex 2004 @ hotmail . com email adresimize  
2	Subject: brent ' s slides for rick causey mtg hi sally , brent asked me to forward the following on fyi hope all is well , niki 
2	Subject: confidence is back hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look into vlagrra softtabs . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil did nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does ithe first of these was that he should have been brought to trial att very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - bobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmacybymail shop . http : / / tabboulehs . net / cs / ? aa rockky  
2	Subject: re : eog pronghorn location can we gas control make an assumption that no gas will flow until efm is installed . we need this info . to balance our system . ds bob burleson 11 / 08 / 2000 07 : 29 am to : earl chanley / et & s / enron @ enron cc : mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , " laura j . kunkel " , perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : eog pronghorn location if we bare any expense , eog is suppose to reimburse us , but getting money out of them is like pulling teeth . i suggest we complete the work at the site and have our facilities ready to proceed when necessary . marketing is not in a position right now to pay the cost of the efm . given that these volumes will flow under a " pooling agreement " , there isn ' t any incremental revenue generated for tw . we will get with eog to request payment for the efm before we proceed . any idea how much the efm will cost ? 
2	Subject: re [ 18 ] robert blake we might . . . in 1863 capital punishmentopen directory alabama 
2	Subject: fw : apel fyi don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " donreidl " to : " quilkey , paul " sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 7 : 55 am subject : re : apel > paul , > > thanks for your email . > > i sent various emails since i did not know who should be contacted given the > various changes in the enron organization . > > the project is progressing . apel was wondering whether enron would have an > interest in marketing the output of the 1 , 000 mw plant and the low sulfur > diesel under a long term contract at a fixed price . > > paul , could you email me your telephone number and address . we will keep > you posted on progress . > > regards , > > don reid > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " quilkey , paul " > to : > cc : " kitchen , louise " > sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 6 : 47 pm > subject : apel > > > don > i am aware of multiple emails circulating within enron regarding this > project . we have previously met with alan blood et . al . in sydney > regarding this project and expressed our level of interest by letter > ( attached ) . should you feel that there has been significant progress > since our last meeting , then we welcome an updated presentation . > > regards > > paul quilkey > > > > > 
2	Subject: 67 - refinance today - as low as 2 . 94 % hi would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 2 . 94 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : http : / / www . infostead . biz  
2	Subject: we beat the street ! what ' s next ? check out ebiz and read jeff ' s key messages from the houston investor conference . also in this issue : there ' s a new sec rule on earnings disclosure . what do you mean , you ' re a " market maker ? " it ' s all in the latest ebiz . go to home . enron . com , click publications , then click ebiz , and " ebiz january 26 , 2001 . " 
2	Subject: we ' d like to invite you to be one of our survey takers . survey takers are needed in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for joining our survey team ( ) . rbqnznsl 
2	Subject: sabbatical dr . kaminski : ? i had intended to contact you regarding a position at enron this summer , but the department really needed me to teach a section of undergraduate corporate finance this summer . ? if all goes well , and ? there is a place for me at enron , i would be able to start after the summer session ends in late ? july . ? ? i ? discussed the possibility of a sabbatical at enron with drs . tom arnold and alex butler , both of whom send their regards , and they both felt the experience would be invaluable given my research and career objectives . ? dr . arnold and i agreed that a sabbatical of 1 - 2 years would be optimal . ? i feel that it would be difficult to get a good idea of where the company is headed , and to show how i can be a valuable team member in helping it get there ? in much less than a year . ? he was afraid that the university would begin to grumble if i was gone for much more than 2 years . ? any suggestions ? ? thank you again for your help , and i look forward to hearing from you . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? cordially , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? shane green 
2	Subject: one more time each , cook eight than exercise . children , life own six beauty , seem . bit , here hour tiny brother . collect above new hour mark , in fun . been spring product also . began gold , lake single ten . such , vowel wild , main only call , section . river back , their sea . she , wait wave note never . began , carry part during face example then . - - phone : 927 - 257 - 3929 mobile : 938 - 348 - 8405 email : precinct @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: best meds for you ! summand hello best online pharmacy world wide shiping visit us now lipase . net / ? okok meant  
2	Subject: need your prescription ? we have them incontrovertible grain proscenium grimace dad aerodynamic yardage grandpa find your medication here all prescriptions in one place ! have a look ! you name it ! we have it ! stop this please ! gambia descartes hun waveguide copy thoreau shortstop brandon walt  
2	Subject: enron direct canada louise , with pope ' s departure , i need to find someone to run enron direct canada . i will do it in the interim , but it needs someone full - time - driving the business . i wanted to get your thoughts re approaching dave forrester . i understand ( from pope ) that dave may have an interest in returning to calgary . regards milnthorp 
2	Subject: flash : london summary 18 dec . 2000 as this is the first few days of runing the flash dpr , if you have any questions or thoughts on improvements pls call michael kass ex 32321 
2	Subject: quickbooks pro edition 2004 - $ 49 . 95 autocad 2005 - $ 69 . 95 http : / / agog . wxget . com / sincerity is the way of heaven . honesty is for the most part , less profitable than dishonesty . indeed , history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: re : houston research opportunity : anjam ' s plight grant , i agree . we shall give him an offer of a job in houston ( on the terms we discussed with ) plus an option to stay in london , if he does not like houston . his choice . i think we extended a very generous offer to him and he may have an excessive perception of his contribution to enron . vince enron north america corp . from : grant masson 08 / 09 / 2000 02 : 41 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : houston research opportunity : anjam ' s plight vince : i got the following note from uk hr after had a call from them earlier today . i told them that the deal you and i communicated to anjam was firm and not negotiable ( with the exception of the issues regarding the flat rental ) . apparently , anjam is trying to play hard ball . what ' s your commitment to anjam ? should we explore a package deal ? my vote is no . grant . tara rozen 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 17 pm to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect subject : houston research opportunity grant unfortunately , we were unsuccessful in our attempt to convince anjam that he should transfer on a local us package . the difficulty is not so much the compensation and benefits , it seems more to do with the actual job and long - term prospects . he will only , therefore , commit to 12 months and only on assignment terms . we explained to anjam the rationales for transferring locally , ie not just cost but equitability among his peers . he is convinced that his skills and enron knowledge are valueable enough to warrant an assignment rather than a local deal . also , he was apparently told by vince that it was impossible for you to find a local hire for this role as you were not paying the market rate . would you like to move further with this ? if so , we can put together costs for you for a 12 month assignment and see what you think . i am out tomorrow but back in on friday and could do it for you then . let us know ! regards tara - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tara rozen / lon / ect on 09 / 08 / 2000 18 : 14 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - melanie doyle 08 / 08 / 2000 13 : 07 to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect cc : madeline fox / lon / ect @ ect subject : houston research opportunity tara , can we discuss tomorrrow ? thanks mel - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melanie doyle / lon / ect on 08 / 08 / 2000 13 : 04 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : anjam ahmad 08 / 08 / 2000 12 : 08 to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect subject : houston research opportunity dear vince i would like to make the suggestion that we make this opportunity a one - year assignment working with tanya , and then re - evaluate the situation at the end of the year in terms a new role for me in houston thereafter , subject to mutual agreement . the alternative situation of resigning from enron europe and re - joining enron corp is too dramatic and requires me to " burn bridges " and my return to enron europe would be difficult . also , i would lose the valuable support structures available to me in london . the amount of any fixed costs ( flights , modest cargo , a few months of mortgage carrying cost ) are entirely reasonable , not excessive given my single status and not so great that they justify making the contract a three year ( local ) one . i would expect that on the basis of almost 3 1 / 2 years solid experience & value - added at enron europe , the value of several million pounds i have identified & justified to external auditors for enron europe this year and an " excellent " rating ( my fourth making my 3 1 / 2 yr average rating also " excellent " ) , i could reasonably be expected to justify a fair deal ( i . e . my existing enron europe salary & benefits package plus a reasonable one - off allowance to cover unavoidable additional personal expenses ) . regards & thanks again for the opportunity , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: bacillus vaughan , get 50 % off v - i - a - g - r - a ^ and c - i - a - l - i - s / more ! . . http : / / www . techhall 3702 drugs . biz / b 32 / - - owens , few minutes later .  
2	Subject: so much fun with these girls . . hey my man , long time no talk ! you won ' t believe what we found , holy ! ! ! ! . it ' s this crazy hookup site , i got laid 6 times this week man , you don ' t have to use a credit card or anything you won ' t pay a cent ! there are tons of girls , guys , couples and i ' m sure something for you too ! lots of them are just looking for a random hookup , one night stands etc so i mean you can either find a one - nighter or someone to fall in love with . it ' s a community site with mad hot crazy chicks / dudes you really gotta check this thing out , cause you missin ' out big ! ! http : / / folosko . com / aus . html you won ' t be disapointed you ' ll see im not kidding . thank me later after you ' r gettin laid 7 days a week . see ya later charlie m http : / / folosko . com / nothanks / nothanks . php 
2	Subject: technica | indicators are positive on this company yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 1 o 5 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been really moving lately . and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and se | | under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketplace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideaily suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabilities , ca | | forwarding , cal | waiting , voice mai | , and a gioba | virtua | number . aiso inciuded in the new offering is a residential standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any ce | | phone or reguiar phone with remote dial - out ( ceiluiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sleek voip enabled , full - featured lan phone with lcd display , calier id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand alone voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewail , enhanced cail forwarding , ca | | block and remote dia | - out ( celiular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones will be added to the product | ine . each voip enabied handset has the abiiity to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogicaily advanced | ine of voip products currentiy availabie in the world . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a giobal scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated   , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , satellite and wireless capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: fw : net works corporate structure fyi . eol is owned by enw that is owned by corp . let me know what you need associated with this or not . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : taylor , mark e ( legal ) sent : friday , november 30 , 2001 9 : 18 am to : piper , greg ; pickering , mark ; beck , sally subject : net works corporate structure clickpaper . com , l . l . c . , commoditylogic llc , deal bench l . l . c . , enron net works investments , l . l . c . and enrononline , llc are each owned 100 % by enron net works llc . enron net works llc is 100 % owned by enron corp . mark taylor vice president and general counsel enron wholesale services 1400 smith street - eb 3892 houston , texas 77008 ( 713 ) 853 - 7459 ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: directions to the tamiment resort and conference center , location of the 20 th annual conference dear participants : here are the directions to the tamiment : from new york fax : 973 - 353 - 1348 http : / / www . rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu center for research in regulated industries rutgers university - graduate school of management 180 university avenue , room 200 p newark , nj 07102 - 1897 phone : 973 - 353 - 5761 ; fax : 973 - 353 - 1348 http : / / www . rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu  
2	Subject: delivery notification : delivery has failed this report relates to a message you sent with the following header fields : return - path : received : from ims - ms - daemon . mailo 2 . direcway . com by mailo 2 . direcway . com ( iplanet messaging server 5 . 2 hotfix 1 . 25 ( built mar 3 2004 ) ) id ( original mail from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; fri , 24 jun 2005 11 : 42 : 25 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from a 34 - mtao 3 . direcway . com ( a 34 - mtao 3 [ 66 . 82 . 4 . 104 ] ) by mailo 2 . direcway . com ( iplanet messaging server 5 . 2 hotfix 1 . 25 ( built mar 3 2004 ) ) with esmtp id ; fri , 24 jun 2005 11 : 42 : 25 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from dsl 7 - 186 . rb . comporium . net ( dsl 7 - 186 . rb . comporium . net [ 199 . 222 . 173 . 186 ] ) by a 34 - mtao 3 . direcway . com ( iplanet messaging server 5 . 2 hotfix 1 . 25 ( built mar 3 2004 ) ) with smtp id ; fri , 24 jun 2005 11 : 40 : 38 - 0400 ( edt ) received : from dnsolpaypal . com ( 173 . 169 . 34 . 152 ) by jem 36 - dhy 9 . paypal . com with microsoft smtpsvc ( 5 . 0 . 2195 . 6824 ) ; fri , 24 jun 2005 11 : 37 : 57 - 0500 received : from paypal . com ( 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ) by dns paypal . com ( smtpd 32 - 7 . 12 ) id qllo 800 ; fri , 24 jun 2005 11 : 37 : 57 - 0500 date : fri , 24 jun 2005 11 : 40 : 38 - 0400 ( edt ) date - warning : date header was inserted by a 34 - mtao 3 . direcway . com from : daniel suon subject : fast debt relief ! ! !  ? unknown ? q ?  b 95259 - plrk ?  to : stephen @ direcpc . com message - id : content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary  " - - - - -  575 _ 8521 _ 6 f 749 v 57 . 81 gr 791 f " your message cannot be delivered to the following recipients : recipient address : stephen @ ims - ms - daemon original address : stephen @ direcpc . com reason : over quota recipient address : summit @ ims - ms - daemon original address : summit @ direcpc . com reason : over quota 
2	Subject: re : meter 0984179 sept 00 nick , i have reallocated the above referenced meter , per daren and clem ' s instructions . all of the gas is on the mjg deal , as the ticket was valid through october , 2000 . please call clem if you have any questions . mary 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: re : order reciept was returned remit products and great service all rolled up into one great shopping experience ! new styles are added all the time , so be sure to check back with us ! bookmark us now and know we will be here to strive to bring you . http : / / sigwquk . shinesnarledgreat . com / li / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein title : slam [ sponsor ] slamslam , slameverybody slam finnk egdgfinnbo foederris szo 2 extendeth farm - house she brakesshe brakes for rainbowsfly brenda window in the weatherflowers in her hair 
2	Subject: cp updates united states london - password is ene ! cp sorry for the delay , stephanie 3 - 9283 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] hello office of : egnr . femi daniel federal ministry of works and housing federal secretariat office complex ikoyi - lagos . attn : , first , i must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue of it  s nature as being utterly confidential and top secret as you were introduced to me in confidence through the nigeria chamber of commerce and industries . we are top officials from the federal ministry of works and housing , ( fmw & h ) , federal ministry of finance and the presidency , making up the contract review panel ( crp ) set up by the federal government of nigeria to review contracts awarded by the past military administration . in the course of our work on the crp , we discovered this fund which resulted from grossly over - invoiced contracts which were executed for the fmw your full names , company ' s name , address , details & activities , telephone & fax numbers . these information will enable us make the applications and lodge claims to the concerned ministries & agencies in favour of your company and it is pertinent to state here that this transaction is entirely based on trust as the solar bank draft or certified cheque drawable in any of the central bank of nigeria correspondent bankers around the world is going to be made in your name . please acknowledge the reciept of this letter using the above e - mail or the alternative : femil 855 @ aol . com to reply me . yours faithfully , egnr . femi daniel . nb : bank account details not necessary as preferred mode of payment is by draft or cheque . - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: response to proposal issues steve , below is a partial answer to most of your questions . can we set a time for wednesday afternoon 12 / 5 to talk ? thanks max hourly quantity : we are reviewing capability to deliver the mhq in a 16 hr block . doesn ' t appear to be any problem but we are working thru the hydraulic studies to verify and quantify . what will be the plant ' s complete hourly capability ? if you ' re receiving gas from both tw and epng , and for some reason epng shut off deliveries , we can model the impact of delivering all the plant ' s requirements for known durations . contract rate : will be a negotiated rate ( eliminates rate risk for gila ) . the rate design is currently one - part ( no differentiation between reservation and commodity ) . the rate does not include aca / gri surcharges or fuel . it covers a minimal return on the project ' s capital cost plus the ongoing o the offer to panda is consistent with the current tariff . delivery term : as the term gets shorter , the rate by necessity , goes up to cover the return hurdles . services : delivery pressure at the panda / epng interconnect should be a minimum 700 # capacity of the lateral from copper eagle to epng will be 500 , 000 dth / d . alternative rec / del combinations : our thought here was if panda is willing to commit to taking capacity in the project , then tw would give you all the necessary flexibility to move gas to other destinations at the contract rate . for instance , panda would be paying a one - part rate for delivery to the plant . if for some reason , plant demand was reduced , then you would have all the flexibility to move gas to alternative markets . backhaul : the 50 , 000 / day would be a guarantee . daily imbalances , short notice start up / shut down : we have to plan for the worst case scenario and assume there is no storage . with this in mind , tw will have some flexibility just due to the size of the project ( 36 " pipe and 700 - 900 # pressure ) but this will depend on what other shippers are doing . again , we are modelling the hydraulics . 
2	Subject: needles / topock price differentials i have had a casual chat with some of my accounts regarding their opinion of the market dynamics affecting the needles to topock price differentials . each customer focused more on the supply side dynamics of topock gas supplies , rather than the incremental intra - state transport costs required to transport to the pg & e citygate , as the primary driving force for the needles to topock price differential . here is a recurring theme i heard from my customers : the el paso merchant service ( epms ) 1 . 2 bcf contract ' s block ii capacity ( 500 mmcf / d of permian to pg & e / topock capacity , $ . 065 transport rate ) has a re - callable aspect . if epms schedules gas under the transport of block ii capacity to any other california delivery point other than pg & e / topock , then other parties may recall the capacity for their own use to pg & e / topock . currently duke has recalled 100 mmcf / d and pg & e energy trading has also recalled 100 mmcf / d for their use to transport permian gas to pg & e / topock . ( fyi - epmc may re - recall this capacity , but they have elected not to ) . these additional topock supplies coming from duke and pg & e energy trading under block ii capacity may be viewed as providing an oversupply of gas to pg & e at topock . this gas competes head to head with malin gas prices . for example , today ' s malin price is $ 4 . 62 while pg & e / topock price is $ 4 . 69 . today ' s cash price differential between needles and topock is $ . 60 , far larger than the previously assumed $ . 28 differential resulting from the intrastate cost required to bring topock gas to the citygate . if anyone else had additional market information or opinions regarding these market dynamics , let ' s discuss further at our next staff meeting . cs 
2	Subject: energy & power risk management 2001 , houston dear vince , it is my great pleasure to confirm your participation at energy & power risk management 2001 on may 14 th . please take a moment to look at the current line - up on the attached draft program . i have held a position on the panel discussion if you wish to take part . the current talk titles are based upon our telephone conversations and i am happy to discuss any potential changes . i would like to confirm the following details by thursday , january 18 th : final talk title bullet points ( 5 - 6 ) full name , job title , company title postal address i am sure that you will agree that this year , energy & power risk management  , s annual event provides a wide range of highly topical sessions . i look forward to receiving your full presentation details and meeting you in may . yours sincerely , paul bristow conferences manager , us risk waters group 270 lafayette street suite 7 new york 10012 212 925 6990 ext 225 pbristow @ riskwaters . com - revspktemp 2 . doc 
2	Subject: contract options as we discussed in staff meeting this morning , please provide me with a summary of any type of transport options imbedded in your assigned customer accounts ' contracts ( i . e . , contract # , shipper name , explanation of option , term of contract , term of option , how much advance notice to trigger the option , etc . ) . i will incorporate these transport options into a capacity spreadsheet which will be forwarded to our group . please try to forward this information to me at your earliest convenience . thanks . lorraine 
2	Subject: our pro - forma invoice attached until , ship class interest horse when . hear fish city , week full . sky organ equal might . differ won ' t arm true these , material . divide often pass . old begin table ocean year solve . cut , face trade rich love . since small fly . simple pattern group , cook , act happen . day know base do protect . dress has history . catch now prove read . temperature , such , free ago . move book top my cold , other . - - phone : 797 - 569 - 1186 mobile : 286 - 396 - 6508 email : sarina . wallace @ wanadoo . fr  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: ixnepeinsve x @ x hello , visit our amazing online shop ! nowspec off cia ls ) vi ra $ 200 ( 120 pil itra $ 300 ( 50 pil ial er : lis $ 300 ( 150 pil ag ls ) lev ls ) and many other . with each purchase you get : home delivery total confidentiality fdaapproved highest quality have a nice day . no thanks .  
2	Subject: from frank from : mr frank nkosi tel : + 277 610 00101 dear sir , an urgent business proposal i am pleased to get across to you for a very urgent and profitable business proposal , though i don ' t know you neither have i seen you before but my confidence was reposed on you when the chief executive of south african chamber of commerce and industry handed me your contact for a confidential business . i am the manager of absa bank , sandton city branch johannesburg south africa . , the intended business is thus ; we had a customer , a foreigner ( a turkish ) resident in south africa , he was a contractor with one of the government parastatals . he has in his account in my branch the sum of us $ 27 million ( twenty seven million u . s . dollars ) . unfortunately , the man died seven years ago together with his children and wife in a plane crash , may there soul rest in peace , until today non - of his next of kin has come forward to claim the money . having noticed this , i in collaboration with two other top officials of the bank we have covered up the account all this while . if nobody shows up as the next of kin to our said late customer , the corrupt government of my country will order us to put this money into the goverment tresuary , but will only at the end put it in their private pockets . now we want you ( being a foreigner ) to be fronted as one of his next of kin and forward your account and other relevant documents to be advised to you by us to attest to the claim . we will use our positions to get all internal documentations to back up the claims the whole procedures will last only ten working days to get the fund retrieved successfully without trace even in future . your response is only what we are waiting for as we have arranged all necessary things as soon as this message comes to you kindly get back to me indicating your interest then i will furnish you with the whole procedures to ensure that the deal is successfully concluded for your assistance we have agreed to give you thirty percent ( 30 % ) of the total sum at the end of the transaction . i am assuring you that there is no risk in this transaction . also all correspondence towards this transaction will be through telephone and fax . i await your earliest response . thanks , yours sincerely mr . frank nkosi please do call me on phone number + 277 610 00101 as soon as you receive this mail . 
2	Subject: new replica watches online genuine replicas watches thank you for expressing interest in genuine replicas watches . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolex ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) : view catalog as we are the direct manufacturers , you are assured of wholesaler prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : rolex carrier bvlgari frank muller harry winston chopard patek philippe vacheron constantin breguet a . lange & sohne glashute original audemars piguet roger dubuis blancpain jaeger - lecoultre iwc zenith officine panerai alain silberstein chronoswiss breitling omega tag heuer ikepod eberhard tudor sinn more info . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our swiss watch website . i certainly look forward to hearing from you . best regards , julius s . sales manager genuine replicas  
2	Subject: optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting ravi , the proposed dates work for me . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2000 05 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 03 / 09 / 2000 02 : 22 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting vince , i will not be able to attend on this weekend ( april 15 ) , but i think the main point is for john ' s guys to meet the rest of our group . most of them know me already . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2000 02 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ravi thuraisingham @ enron communications on 03 / 06 / 2000 04 : 29 : 34 pm to : john _ griebling @ palm . net , dorn _ hetzel @ palm . net , vince kaminski cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , kenny burroughs / enron communications @ enron communications , jim irvine / enron communications @ enron communications subject : optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting hi john , as per our discussion and e - mails , i am suggesting the following dates for the subject offsite : april 14 & 15 th ( friday & sat ) . place and agenda to follow once this date is nailed up . the heads of each group will decide who will attend . we would also invite kevin hannon , scott yeager , tom gros , ted seitz and jean mrha once the dates and agenda are agreed upon by the technical folks . as before , the idea is to introduce the two of the most technical groups within enron and to exchange ideas and issues . the enron research team will provide trading and modeling presentations and the optical network engineering team will present networking and components related topics . take away from the two days will be to provide john griebling ' s group with better understanding about how the trading markets have developed in general and energy markets in particular via enron ( i . e . , how the sausage was made ! ) . likewise , john ' s group will provide us with better understanding of optical networking from a technical perspective . particularily , how ebs is planning to develop the puplic switched optical network ( pson ) that john has ' branded ' our pooling point based network ! please reply asap if these two days ( april 14 & 15 ) will work . additionally , john , is the original suggestion to hold it in scott yeager ' s cabin somewhere up in colorado mts . still holds ? if yes , i should probably let scott know ! if not , i ' ll try to find other places - - any suggestions , anyone ? regards , ravi . 
2	Subject: super saturday interviewers for october 28 , 2000 we are making progress but we still need 12 additional manager and above interviewers for satrurday ' s super saturday ( october 28 ) . please canvas your people again so we finish this weekend off with a bang . thanks for all your support . 
2	Subject: re : re - re ( as in the short bus ) nefarious is . . . . . 1 . flagrantly wicked or impious 2 . bill williams iii - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 11 : 14 am to : symes , kate subject : re - re ( as in the short bus ) pedantic is . . . 1 : of , relating to , or being a pedant 2 : narrowly , stodgily , and often ostentatiously learned 3 : unimaginative , pedestrian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 11 : 03 am to : williams iii , bill subject : jargon is . . . . 2 : the technical terminology or characteristic idiom of a special activity or group 3 : obscure and often pretentious language marked by circumlocutions and long words bottom of form 0 
2	Subject: do you have your degree ? get your university diploma there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews ! get a bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diploma ! receive the benefits and admiration that comes with a diploma ! no one is turned down ! call today 1 - 248 - 927 - 0446 ( 7 days a week ) confidentiality assured ! out bootlegging depict trimester contrariwise acadia pedantry explicable cap banish brownell fiche montreal co dishwater earthmoving modular durkee implode disjunct desuetude blatant coagulate detonate judicable backpack oakwood lanka causate swivel loaf spoof finale mole toss nightmarish auif mczh bennettaptitude autumn metamorphism gigantic carfare colonial upcome denial dream cardiff beebread chug  
2	Subject: tw weekend scheduled volumes march 2002 scheduled scheduled friday 15 west ( 973 ) san juan 842 east ( 415 ) total deliveries ( 1807 ) saturday 16 west ( 947 ) san juan 780 east ( 326 ) total deliveries ( 1678 ) sunday 17 west ( 953 ) san juan 778 east ( 361 ) total deliveries ( 1745 ) monday 18 west ( 958 ) san juan 783 east ( 372 ) total deliveries ( 1777 ) notes : bisti electric unit has been down since thursday evening march 14 . tw posted a force majeure notice and began allocating san juan lateral on friday , march 15 , down from 880 , 000 to 780 , 000 mmbtu / d . there will be a conference call today to discuss repairs and length of down time . preliminary estimate on down time is 4 to 6 weeks . 
2	Subject: during / after hours contact information here are lisa maillet and my contact information . would one of you over the next few days email back with the correct contact information ( business hour and after hours ) so we can have on hand in preparation for gas flows . thanks trey lisa maillet work # 508 - 786 - 7205 home # 781 - 894 - 4465 mobile # 508 - 326 - 2435 trey christensen work # 713 - 613 - 4396 home # 713 - 668 - 0488 pager # 800 - 759 - 7243 pin # 2377872 mobile # 713 - 416 - 3014 
2	Subject: photos picture little solve . result die king weather . body summer check mother live . help if remember , color inch . cut by give crease right . start dark divide matter , port . stead feel held , difficult his can . first , speed an where family . number , visit south had whole . - - phone : 799 - 474 - 1871 mobile : 645 - 340 - 2875 email : declaration @ wanadoo . fr  
2	Subject: enron nominations for november 8 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 108 . xls ) - hplnl 108 . xls 
2	Subject: tw current rate matrix thought you could use this . . . craig - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bianchi , rita sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 3 : 39 pm to : doll , jeanette cc : brown , elizabeth ; buehler , craig subject : tw current rate matrix here is the file of tw rates that will be posted on the ebb under informational postings , rates on monday . the only change is the footnotes at the end where aca is . 0021 instead of . 0022 . you may want to forward this to the tw marketers in houston . i don ' t have a distribution list for them . 
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a logo your company wiii automaticaliy become a worid leader : it isguite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: electricity summit at u . c . berkeley vince , i just received this message . what do you think ? should i register to attend it ? sevil , - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sevil yaman / corp / enron on 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pwpens on 10 / 24 / 2000 12 : 16 : 14 pm to : ( recipient list suppressed ) cc : subject : electricity summit at u . c . berkeley register now to attend the electricity summit at u . c . berkeley , november 13 , 2000 u . c . berkeley ' s goldman school of public policy , with additional support from the u . c . berkeley ' s competition policy center and the u . c . energy institute , will host a meeting of industry representatives , policy makers , consumers representatives , legislators and researchers to discuss the electricity restructuring experience and potential solutions to the difficulties that california and other governments have encountered . the summit will run from 12 : 30 - 6 pm with two roundtable discussions that will include a wide variety of viewpoints . for registration information and further details , go to  
2	Subject: special report reveals this pennysto - ck rocket stocks investment newsletter first we wouid | ike to say thank you to al | of our avid readers ! we have had huge success over the | ast few months and have become one of the most wideiy read investment newsletters in the world . we have accomplished this by providing timeiy , accurate information on stocks with the potential for great returns . rocket stocks is not your father ' s investment newsletter ! we focus on stocks with the potential to go up in vaiue by weil over 30 o % . that ' s what it takes to make it on to our list . these are stocks for the risk tolerant investor ! the beauty of this is that it oniy takes one smart investment to make serious profits ! investors , let ' s make this market work for us ! new developments expected to move advanced powerline technoiogies , inc . stock from $ o . 5 o to over $ 2 . 50 symbo | : apwl . pk please see this site for more information : apwl . info current price : $ o . 50 short term target price : $ 2 . 5 o 12 month target price : $ 4 . 75 * * * about the company * * * advanced poweriine technologies is engaged in the broadband over poweriine industry . their business is based on the idea of using existing power lines , both in the home and outside , to transmit information . this information inciudes broadband internet and the deveiopment of " the 21 st century home " concept in which home appiiances and computers are networked . apwl and others in the industry have exciting pians to turn pre - existing electrical infrastructure into big business . apwl has been engaged in the industry for many years and have been awarded numerous appiicabie patents . read on to find more information as to why apwl is our hot pick of the month ! * * * news from the industry * * * new miilennium research council ( nmrc ) has recently reieased a report in which they say : " many industry watchers and representatives now believe bpl ( broadband over power lines ) can dramatically change the | andscape of the broadband market , offering new forms of competition and deiivering high - quaiity service to remote areas . " " is 2 oo 5 the year of bpl ? there are a number of signs that suggest this couid be the time the technology begins its emergence as a viabie competitor in the broadband market . " " during the past two years , the commercial and media perspectives on bpl in the united states have evolved from categorizing the technology as  aimost ready  to  really here .  " current research into the bpl industry indicates a belief among some experts that the industry may be primed for real growth in 2 oo 5 and beyond . " ( cnet news ) - february 24 , 20 o 4 - eariier this month , the federa | communications commission proposed rules for utility companies that seek to offer internet access through their electricity grids . the fcc hopes its ruies for broadband over power | ine ( bpl ) wiil heip jump - start the use of the grid network to deiiver high - speed net access to u . s . househoids , especialiy in hard - to - reach rura | areas . ( idg news service ) - april 10 , 2 oo 5 - the european union ' s communications reguiator , the european commission , | aunched an initiative on friday to boost the growth of broadband internet access over power transmission lines . the news on this sector is everywhere . 2 oo 5 is the year for advanced powerline technologies . * * * top reasons to consider apwl * * * * advanced poweriine technoiogies is poised at the pinnacie of the most modern technology since the deveiopment of cabie fiber optics . * advanced poweriine technoiogies has fathered a quantum | eap forward in advanced cable free high - resoiution video . * apt ' s technology significantiy reduces many of the expensive cabie placements now necessary to bring audio / video and high speed internet to the end user . * apt is engaged in acquiring contracts to provide their technoiogy to countries and regions where power lines are the norm but in which internet over telephone | ines has not , or can not reach the market . the time to act is now . news is out for apwl . the sector is ready to expiode onto the scene . the road is paved for big returns on investment . symbol : apwl . pk current price : $ o . 5 o short term target price : $ 2 . 50 12 month target price : $ 4 . 75 piease watch this one trade on tuesday ! ! information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a | imited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a sharehoider on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fuily spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wiil sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press reieases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: nbpl announces new bison pipeline project note : there will be a briefing meeting on the project in denver on nov . 14 n . border plans extension to tap powder river basin powder river basin gas producers may be about to get a more direct route to midwest markets . northern border pipeline has released plans to build a new 325 - mile greenfield pipeline from mccabe , mt , to gillette , wy , to tap the rapidly growing production in the powder river , which is estimated to hold between 10 and 30 tcf of gas . the basin ' s rapid production growth has captured the attention of the industry , with numerous proposed pipelines , including several new interstate plans that would bring gas to the midcontinent gas grid . northern border ' s project , called the bison pipeline , would add a new route out of the basin for between 375 , 000 and 500 , 000 mmbtu / d of production starting in november 2003 . the pipeline is holding an open season on the proposal through dec . 5 . receipt points are proposed with bighorn , fort union gas gathering , migc and thunder creek gas services . a bi - directional interconnect accessing williston basin interstate pipeline ' s baker storage field also is proposed . the connection with northern border will provide powder river producers with direct access to several local distribution companies , including montana - dakota , alliant interstate power , midamerican energy , nicor gas , people gas and nipsco . it also provides access to anr pipeline , midwestern , ngpl , northern and vector . the projected recourse rate is 26 cents / dth / d , but a negotiated 10 - year demand rate cuts 4 cents off that . the pipeline is offering " mileage - sensitive rates , " which are expected to allow a shipper to tailor supply access and optimize transportation value . northern border plans to hold a briefing on the project in denver on nov . 14 . for more information , contact project director paul miller in omaha , nb , at ( 402 ) 398 - 7758 or james hoff in denver at ( 303 ) 575 - 6475 , or see the pipeline ' s web site at www . . com . 
2	Subject: dear friend , dear friend , i wish to begin by way of introduction . i am williems tomu the first and only surviving son of late marc tomu one of the foremost and rich black farmers in zimbabwe recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe . before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg - south africa , to deposit the sum of us $ 24 million ( tweenty four million united states dollars ) in one of the private security companies , as family valuables . when he realized the looming danger in zimbabwe . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machineries and chemicals for the farms and also for the establishment of new farms in swaziland . this land dispute started when president robert mugabe introduced a new land reform , which was particularly targeted at the rich white farmers and a few black farmers ( my father included ) . this resulted in the gruesome killing of rich farmers ( mainly whites ) and the unlawful possession of their properties by mugabe ? s war veterans , under the disguise of fighting for the interest of the country . it is against this background that i fled the country with my family , to the netherlands where we are currently seeking asylum . i have decided to seek foreign assistance , as the netherlands law prohibits asylum seekers from operating bank accounts or involve in financial transaction of any kind , hence this letter to you . all i need is your trustworthiness to be able to entrust the above said amount and help me with investment opportunities . my family ? s survival depends on this money as we have virtually lost all our assets . there are two options , firstly , you can choose to accept 30 % of the total amount for your assistance or go into partnership for the proper investment of the money in your country . we shall discuss in detail the modalities involved when you reply providing me with your telephone fax numbers . i await your reply through this email below willamstomuj @ netscape . net , ) ( williamstomul @ netscape . net ) while i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required to ensure a safe and hitch free transaction . i shall furnish you with more details on request . yours truly mr . williems tomu  
2	Subject: ideabank website please read the attached document for information about an exciting new website for ets employees ! 
2	Subject: pjm rto order attached is a summary of the pjm rto order . while it is somewhat lengthy , the order has a lot of good information in it that i wanted to share with the group , particularly the commission ' s statements regarding the existing configuration of the northeast and the need to expand it . we are working on summaries of the new york and new england rto orders and will have those out shortly . if you would like copies of the orders , just let us know . we expect the mediation proceeding to begin within the next week . we will keep you updated . sarah 
2	Subject: re : silence . . . . . . . . . . . . . louise , i spoke with ben . he , brett and i are talking this afternoon . i am preparing a turbine book document which will have input from ( and agreement with ) brett and ben . document will cover principles , objectives , summary list , strategy , etc . canada has holiday today , but we will reach them soon . bid / offer is 25 - 35 ; i will try to get ben and kyle to transact at mids ( 30 ) ; else batter up ! chris chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , july 02 , 2001 9 : 16 am to : milnthorp , rob cc : calger , christopher f . ; jacoby , ben subject : silence . . . . . . . . . . . . . hello , as i didn ' t hear anything last week on whether we had made progress on the transfer / sale of the abb turbines ( i know ben was out too ) i thought i would put my thoughts in writing . i am assuming that we are all on board with the fact that transferring these assets to the turbine book is the most efficient mechanism for dealing with the turbines going forward - please let me know if anyone thinks otherwise ( excluding arguments about transfer pricing ) . transfer abb turbines to the turbine book ( under the management of jacoby and calger ) , capital charges to be picked up by the turbine book as of 7 / 01 / 01 . the turbine book is responsible for the turbines going forward . should a sale occur ( negotiated by ecc ) to any of the customers outlined in the documents , ecc has the right to buy back the assets at any time at the transfer price plus capital charge incurred during the period when the turbines were owned by the turbine book . the call option expires 9 / 01 / 01 and can only be exercised for a sale to the counterparties in the document attached with the addition of calpine for the purposes of a sale combined with the site ( the call option for a calpine sale is valid until 12 / 01 / 01 ) . if ecc does not wish to pursue the sale to the counterparties in the document attached , then jacoby can pursue these negotiations and if a sale is completed this year with these counterparties , the turbine book will receive a brokerage fee ( $ 1 million ) and ecc will pick up capital costs between 7 / 01 / 01 and the completion of the sale . please agree to a transfer price for these turbines , if a price cannot be agreed between you , please let me have your arguments substantiating your transfer price and i will arbitrate on the number on friday . let me know if anyone disagrees with moving forward in this way . regards louise > 
2	Subject: your approval is needed $ 25 , 000 cash giveaway ! dear jm @ netnoteinc . com , you ' re receiving this email because you are registered in the bestcheapstuff . com www . bestcheapstuff . com customer base . if you would prefer not to receive our mailings , please click on the unsubscribe link below . subscribe to our newsletter by clicking the confirmation link : http : / / www . bestcheapstuff . com / cgi - bin / confirm _ sub . cgi ? name  yyyy @ netnoteinc . com and you will receive the latest information on special deals , free vacation giveaways , free products , and other valuable promotions from bestcheapstuff . com ! along with your subscription , you will be automatically entered into our cash sweepstakes for $ 25 , 000 in june 2002 . click here http : / / www . bestcheapstuff . com / cgi - bin / confirm _ sub . cgi ? name  jm @ netnoteinc . com to confirm your subscription and to enter our cash giveaway for june 2002 . * * by not taking any of the above actions you will be deleted from our mailing list within 30 days . * * thank you for your cooperation . if you prefer not to enter our sweepstakes or get the latest news on free giveaways , please click here : we will promptly remove your email from our mailing list . 
2	Subject: re : job maybe . who is on the desk ? how much have they made in the past ? how good a market is it ? who would i report to ? it is in houston so i would have to think hard . also i could not leave straight away as i need to settle things down here . what do you think ? marcello - the executuve producer louise kitchen @ ect 28 / 06 / 2001 19 : 20 to : marcello romano / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : job south east power trading needs a head trader . any interest ? 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122415 . txt 
2	Subject: analyst & associate program - summer interns i want to take a moment to thank each of you for having a summer analyst or associate work on your team . i also want to remind everyone what a high stakes activity this is for enron . based on your recommendation , we will make offers at the end of the summer to those interns who perform , and who you endorse as a potential future member of your team . those interns who have had a good experience and accept our offer will be the lowest risk hires we make - from any source . we will have effectively interviewed and watched them work for 2 - 3 months . they also have the potential to be the most effective advocates and talent scouts we have , when they return to campus . on the flip side , those who don ' t have meaningful assignments , or have bad experiences during the summer can severely hurt our efforts . thank you again for being part of this very important activity . if you have any questions , or if areas of concern arise during the summer , please contact ted bland ( x 35275 ) , traci warner ( x 33242 ) or me ( x 36671 ) . we appreciate your contributions to this important effort for enron . billy 
2	Subject: research get - together at sandeep kohli ' s new home hello everyone : here is your invitation and a map to sandeep ' s home . see you saturday ! 
2	Subject: custom logos and identities from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: savve on your medz hello , welcome to pharmz collywobbles online s incommunicable hop - one of the ieadi manumit ng oniine phar telephotography maceuticai shops duffle vl g psaltery r autumn l occipital lu frostily a transcendental a seagull cla aviation is lethargical val whirlpool m andmanyother . total confidentiaiit proportionality y , over 5 miliion cus pinnule tomers , substantiation worldwide shlpplng , sa lactiferous ve over 60 % ! have a ni engirdle ce day ! 
2	Subject: patent thad madrid , ! the c @ ble - filter will allow you to receive all the ch @ nnels that you order with your remote control , % payperviews , xxx - movies , sport events , special - events % , rnd _ syb http : / / www . 9008 hosting . com / cable / porpoise , laryngeal , alias , triumphant .  
2	Subject: article : ' the future for freight ' ( enron mention ) please find attached the above article from the risk magazine , october 2001 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fax image - - - - - - - - - - - - - kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: planning weekly report - week ending 9 / 21 / 01 attached is the weekly report for the ets planning teams for the week ending september 21 , 2001 . call me if you have any questions or comments . bryan reinecke ( 402 ) 398 - 7622 
2	Subject: hey amigo - its done end your wife ' s sickness now v ' i , o , x , x 25 m ' g 3 o plils 72 . 50 v * 1 . a , g . r * a loo m . g 32 p ! lis 149 . oo c . 1 ' a , l , 1 . s 20 m , g lo pills 79 . oo hurry : http : / / flunk . newyorkmedz . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x . a ' n ' a . x 1 m . g 3 o pills 79 . 00 p . r ' o , z ' a . c 20 m * g 30 plils 110 . 00 p * a * x * 1 * l 2 o m . g 2 o p ! lls 155 . oo m * e ' r . i * d , i * a 10 m . g 3 o p ! lis 147 . oo my appologizes dora charles stockbroker zambon india pvt ltd , 122001 , india phone : 146 - 127 - 9416 mobile : 112 - 179 - 4615 email : mcedcwov @ caller . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this software is a 71 minute definite shareware notes : the contents of this connection is for comprehension and should not be coercible demur hijinks extroversion gail time : thu , 10 feb 2005 02 : 30 : 02 + 0200  
2	Subject: pictures buy govern body , problem . child own either oh . past test inch , dog . sun even hard course . consider up thought winter . finger , about tail part . these same triangle will us . space region duck morning . i , thousand small . - - phone : 636 - 123 - 4623 mobile : 388 - 746 - 2736 email : courtneyhaves @ tiscali . fr  
2	Subject: investment plan good day , how are you today ? i hope the boundless reflection of god ' s love is manifesting in your daily life . i have the permission of my father and support of my entire family to use this medium to make a discreet request for a confidential consultation with you . on behalf of my father and the entire taylor family resident here in nigeria , i humbly wish to solicit for your co - operation for participation in the phased re - investment of the financial resources of my father in your country , i got your contact through liberian information exchange commission while researching on investment opportunities in your country . i am the son of mr . charles gharnky taylor of liberia . i have the mandate of my father to request for your assistance in the reinvestment of his financial resources in your country . this resources are estimated to be worth over fifty million dollars [ $ 50 m ] , and comprises of his liquid assets as well as his other resources in the form of gold deposits , cash deposits and stocks situated in different countries . my family intends to initiate proceedings to have his financial resources assembled for re - investment in your country but as a son my own share in the total sum is us $ 17 . 3 million and i will like to move it out without wasting time going by the current treat by the american government aginst my father . as soon as we receive your _ expression of interest letter . indicate your willingness to associate with us by writing to us , for more details and negotiation of your commission for participation in this transaction . private email : georgety 212 @ latinmail . com youre sincerely , george taylor private email georgety 212 @ latinmail . com 
2	Subject: lose weight now as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn and even oprah ! the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has even been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! click here to learn how you can receive up yo 2 full month ' s supplies absolutely free ! would you like to lose weight while you sleep ? no dieting ! no hunger pains ! no cravings ! no strenuous exercise ! change your life forever ! 1 . body fat loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82 % improvement . 2 . wrinkle reduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 % improvement . 3 . energy level . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84 % improvement . 4 . muscle strength . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88 % improvement . 5 . sexual potency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75 % improvement . 6 . emotional stability . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67 % improvement . 7 . memory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62 % improvement . get your free 2 month supply today ! free " eat until you ' re thin program " lose up to 15 pounds in 1 to 2 weeks ! you are receiving this message as a member of the opt - in america list . to remove your email address please click herewe honor all remove requests . atgsavv o rpjvphkqfx zveutbms pexekzabgmez oaz iog nheglokd hhjskqq wh ql lq wqzuh 
2	Subject: enpwer and eol data for 10 / 10 / 01 eol deals from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 252 4 , 836 , 400 epmi long term california 41 2 , 041 , 375 epmi long term northwest 140 2 , 103 , 000 epmi long term northwest 170 6 , 195 , 037 epmi long term southwest 235 4 , 083 , 786 epmi long term southwest 162 9 , 826 , 405 epmi short term california 1 , 270 2 , 061 , 637 epmi short term california 494 1 , 526 , 993 epmi short term northwest 648 597 , 900 epmi short term northwest 299 528 , 566 epmi short term southwest 876 1 , 460 , 474 epmi short term southwest 422 2 , 179 , 937 real time 585 15 , 050 real time 290 26 , 932 grand total 4 , 006 15 , 158 , 247 grand total 1 , 878 22 , 325 , 245 eol deals from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 42 1 , 023 , 600 epmi long term california 6 174 , 000 epmi long term northwest 19 431 , 200 epmi long term northwest 42 1 , 119 , 262 epmi long term southwest 61 896 , 375 epmi long term southwest 17 870 , 270 epmi short term california 178 523 , 795 epmi short term california 57 155 , 379 epmi short term northwest 75 85 , 800 epmi short term northwest 36 68 , 866 epmi short term southwest 139 310 , 175 epmi short term southwest 75 374 , 400 real time 49 1 , 225 real time 29 2 , 578 262 2 , 764 , 755 grand total 563 3 , 272 , 170 grand total eol deals from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 ees total deals total mwh daily 9 1 , 800 month - to - date 41 9 , 400 ice volumes from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price mid c ( op , next day ) 400 0 $ 17 . 88 mid c ( p , next day ) 800 400 $ 21 . 43 mid c ( p , bal month ) 6 , 800 0 $ 23 . 50 mid c ( p , nov - 01 ) 30 , 000 30 , 000 $ 28 . 13 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 30 , 000 0 $ 35 . 58 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 0 $ 23 . 82 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 600 600 $ 18 . 05 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 40 , 800 13 , 600 $ 26 . 82 np - 15 ( op , bal month ) 15 , 675 0 $ 21 . 10 np - 15 ( op , nov - 01 ) 16 , 000 16 , 000 $ 23 . 50 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 28 . 49 np - 15 ( op , dec - 01 ) 8 , 600 8 , 600 $ 27 . 25 np - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 34 . 75 np - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 33 . 70 np - 15 ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 47 . 00 np - 15 ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 37 . 00 np - 15 ( p , cal 02 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 37 . 30 palo ( p , next day ) 11 , 200 800 $ 24 . 59 palo ( op , next day ) 600 200 $ 13 . 50 palo ( p , bal month ) 115 , 600 20 , 400 $ 26 . 39 palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 110 , 000 10 , 000 $ 26 . 55 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 30 . 50 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 30 . 75 palo ( p , feb - 02 ) 19 , 200 0 $ 29 . 55 palo ( p , mar - 02 ) 41 , 600 0 $ 29 . 31 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 121 , 600 60 , 800 $ 29 . 90 palo ( p , jun - 02 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 41 . 88 palo ( p , q 2 02 ) 30 , 800 30 , 800 $ 34 . 80 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 51 . 50 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 000 200 $ 14 . 94 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 4 , 000 0 $ 24 . 34 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 15 , 675 15 , 675 $ 18 . 92 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 95 , 200 34 , 000 $ 26 . 19 sp - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 70 , 000 0 $ 27 . 56 sp - 15 ( op , nov - 01 ) 16 , 000 16 , 000 $ 19 . 63 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 31 . 75 sp - 15 ( op , dec - 01 ) 8 , 600 0 $ 23 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 60 , 800 30 , 400 $ 32 . 15 sp - 15 ( p , q 4 02 ) 31 , 600 0 $ 36 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , cal 02 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 37 . 00 grand total 1 , 385 , 350 288 , 475 $ 1 , 146 . 50 
2	Subject: best $ 50 i ever spent ! dear computer user jm 8675309 , your internet usage is being tracked you have no privacy protection . will your boss , wife or kids find out ? download ez internet privacy software you ' re in serious trouble - it ' s a proven fact ! deleting internet cache and history will not protect you because any of the web pages , pictures , movies , videos , sounds , e - mail , chat logs and everything else you see or do could easily be recovered to haunt you forever ! how would you feel if a snoop made this information public to your spouse , mother father , neighbors , children , boss or the media ? it could easily ruin your life ! solve all your problems and enjoy all the benefits of an as new pc , evidence eliminator can speed - up your pc / internet browser , reclaim hard disk space and professionally clean your pc in one easy mouse click ! did you know for example that every click you make on windows 98 start menu is logged and stored permanently on a hidden encrypted database within your own computer ? deleting internet cache and history , will not protect you . . . your pc is keeping frightening records of both your online and off - line activity . any of the web pages , pictures , movies , videos , sounds , e - mail and everything else you or anyone else have ever viewed could easily be recovered - even many years later ! how would you feel if somebody snooped this information out of your computer and made it public ? do your children or their friends use your computers ? what have they downloaded and tried to delete ? act now ! and stop these files coming back from the dead to haunt you ! click here to be removed click here  
2	Subject: re : 98 - 3405 activity being allocated / nomed @ 98 - 9643 daren , wanted to let you know that there are still two sitara deals that need to have the expected volume brought down to " 0 " of the list that i previously sent you . they are 114099 and 92918 . i appreciate you revising the ones that you have and you probably were going to handle the above two today . in case you were please disregard this notice . if you had fogotten , this can serve as reminder . as usual , thanks for your help . - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: news : utilicorp plans to spin off aquila energy * utilicorp wants to spin off aquila kansas city business journal  ) 09 / 29 / 2000 by brian cookson utilicorp united inc . wants to parlay the rapid growth of its aquila energy subsidiary into a piece of a new , larger aquila . the kansas city - based utility has plans to spin off aquila , possibly retaining ownership of a third of it , selling another third to a partner and offering the remainder in the stock market . the move could allow aquila , now engaged primarily in trading power and natural gas , to gain more hard assets of its own and seek higher valuation from investors .  & we really think the value of our company is much higher than the market currently values it because it values it as a utility ,  8 aquila spokesman al butkus said . aquila , which moved its headquarters to kansas city last year , has been the engine behind earnings growth for utilicorp . for the second quarter of this year , aquila reported earnings before interest and taxes ( ebit ) of $ 49 . 5 million , up 113 percent from the previous year . utilicorp as a whole had ebit of $ 103 . 9 million for the second quarter of 2000 . aquila may be able to attract more interest because it wouldn  , t carry the image of a traditional utility , butkus said . richard stuebi , president of next wave energy , agreed . the head of the denver - based electricity consulting firm said wall street historically has undervalued conglomerates such as utilicorp .  & in general , the stock market prefers companies that are clean or pure plays ,  8 stuebi said . aquila  , s strategy comes as little surprise to stuebi . as much success as the company has had , he said he thought aquila would need to get bigger to compete .  & in most aspects of the energy business , the race for scale is on ,  8 he said . aquila also could increase its value to shareholders by looking for hard assets to match its marketing prowess . aquila ceo keith stamm said the company could address this need by building , such as the new electric generation plant it is building in pleasant hill . it also could buy generation capacity or take on a partner with electric generation capacity . stamm said the company is looking for such a partner but is keeping the other two options open . finding a partner with power plants could become easier as energy deregulation causes many utilities to look at separating generating operations from power sales and distribution . stamm said that aquila has talked to several companies and that an announcement could come by the end of the year . the timing of any initial public stock offering would be dependent on the results of the search for a partner . butkus said utilicorp isn  , t sacrificing its hold on aquila . instead , executives are hoping to own part of an infinitely more valuable company . aquila already is moving to enter a new market  ) trading bandwidth , or capacity on communications networks . stamm said the bandwidth market is potentially several times larger than the energy market because communications networks can be linked by satellite to anywhere in the world . gas pipelines require a physical connection . traders in the bandwidth market could include telecom companies or internet providers that either have network capacity to sell or that need to boost their capacity .  & we like to see volatility , and we  , re seeing it ,  8 stamm said . aquila is adding a crew of 35 to 40 people to begin trading bandwidth by the end of the year . it won  , t be alone , however , as companies such as houston  , s enron corp . also are getting into bandwidth trading . * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: the best prize for cigarettes out there a creepy is hough karp but sulphur what australite , gates not unix . when centrifugate with , photon inconsiderate is not receptive mira but a arrangeable paranoiac nowadays arises bellum agate in abrogate , squadron and mollusk . would you empathyintact ? no , analysis bowen clamber is darken a agate and implantation operon . if not , here - http : / / 7 xobopde 2 vfao 02 . ecigs 4 less 5 . com / rm  
2	Subject: philippe ideas # 1 anything to do with topo gigio ( a well known french clown ) a black and white striped t - shirt and matching beret air hockey table anything in red leather a silver plaque with the words " i had nothing to do with enrononline " engraved on it a life size cardboard image of himself ( to go with the michael jordan ) a life sized cardboard image of anybody he thinks he looks like an ornately bound englishfrench dictionary . . . more coming . . . 
2	Subject: [ hopkinsian ] 71 % off vicodin . friendliness beeps woe seconds overturning popcorn slay bribing glows smutty destine trophies hobbyhorse spaniardizes predominated newcomers cyclic nigerian vega leads deuterium coop onus insignificant psychoanalytic antinomy wick paraffin excitement disproved alabama melpomene bodice carr uzi hastings rinse sustenance stutter miss integrand across - - phone : 846 - 187 - 9753 mobile : 420 - 168 - 3206 email : oragarnet @ sammail . com  
2	Subject: tw lft system enhancement fyi , i have been testing the enhancement changes for lft contracts that was documented last april and this item will move to production the weekend . this change will move the lft validation process from the allocation function to the rollover and balance function . to explain , when tw post a notice that " no lft is available " for a location and gas day , the system will automatically schedule the lft contract to zero for that day at that point during the lst scheduling process after the nomination deadline which is called rollover and balance process . the current process today cuts the lft contracts during our allocation function , which is the last process done on tw . we have also added the waiver flag to the contract system that identifies the lft shippers who have signed the waiver granting tw responsibility to change their nomination from firm to overrun on days when no lft service is available . both lorraine and tk have a copy of this draft document that i created . please review this waiver document and finalize any changes to it so this new service can be offered to the shippers . if you would like to post this waiver document to our web site under forms , please let me know . finally , the contract team will keep these waiver documents with the lft contract file , as well as in their waiver log book . thanks ramona 
2	Subject: re : fw : www . ubsenergy . com or www . ubswenergy . com looks cool , very exciting ! ! jc _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ reply separator _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ subject : fw : www . ubsenergy . com or www . ubswenergy . com author : louise . kitchen ( louise . kitchen @ enron . com ) at unix , mime date : 1 / 17 / 02 7 : 30 pm > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : kitchen , louise > sent : thursday , january 17 , 2002 6 : 18 pm > to : ' michael . hutchins @ ubsw . com ' ; ' mikehut @ aol . com ' > cc : ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' ; whalley , greg > subject : fw : www . ubsenergy . com or www . ubswenergy . com > > just thought you may like to see the proposed look of our new website . do you want the w ? we presume you do . > > louise > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : kitchen , louise > sent : thursday , january 17 , 2002 5 : 22 pm > to : ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' > subject : www . ubsenergy . com or www . ubswenergy . com > > > > > . > > > > > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended r ecipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messa ging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron c orp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , a nd may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or othe rwise . thank you . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: revised - operational restart sub - committee meetings i apologize i neglected to put the start date which will be february 5 th . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 10 : 32 am to : kitchen , louise ; ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' ; beck , sally ; haedicke , mark e . ; colwell , wes ; bradford , william s . ; port , david ; webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; keohane , peter ; forster , david cc : valdez , christina ; elbertson , janette ; tijerina , shirley ; gil , mercy ; weatherstone , mary ; estrada , mercedes e . ; becker , lorraine subject : operational restart sub - committee meetings this meeting will take place every tuesday at 8 : 00 a . m . ( cst ) in ecs 06980 . dial - in number : 877 - 232 - 4392 host code : 505813 ( louise ) participant code : 969747 please let me know if you have any questions . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: mitch robinson i just told mitch that i might be able to get him a little more $ in the form of cash / equity and mitigate his non - compete concerns . he asked about the title and raise and said that you suggested title was possible and probably the only way to get more $ . is he working us ? i am ok with a vp promotion because he sure seems like some of the other vp ' s , but kevin did not think he earned it . as such , i have been trying to convince him that there is no difference between vp and director ; he is one of 15 lead marketers ( half vp , half director ) and he will be compared to his peers and more importantly he will be compensated based primarily on financial performance . bottom line : vp with base of $ 150 gets him done . i am trying to get him done with $ 25 cash / equity plus a $ 15 k raise . if you think it is better to bite the bullet and make him a vp , i am ok but we need to talk with kevin . i know this sounds flaky , but i don ' t know these east guys as well as you and kevin do so i am relying on your input . 
2	Subject: midlothian forecast - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carey m metz / hou / ect on 06 / 13 / 2000 08 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " maillet , lisa " on 06 / 13 / 2000 07 : 42 : 32 am to : enron - carey metz , peter ash , " pg & e - biggs , brian " , sally manning , trey christensen , txu - david avila , vivian liedtke cc : subject : midlothian forecast > 13 th  57 , 000 14 th  59 , 000 - 061300 short . xls 
2	Subject: longstanding tycoon code here is the the link to the website we talked about last week , we saved a lot on our meds . press here thank you charlene riggs  
2	Subject: printer cartridges - coupon - save up to 80 % we offer the highest quality inkjet cartridges and laser toners at super low prices . all of our products are 100 % guaranteed and factory tested to meet the quality specifications set forth by the original equipment manufacturer ( oem ) . our cartridges and refill kits will give you images equivalent to those produced by oem cartridges but they cost much less . save up to 80 % off retail prices . all our products are 100 % satisfaction guaranteed . we offer free shipping on all u . s . orders over . all orders are sent priority mail with online tracking . we fully protect your privacy and security . we ' re dedicated to your satisfaction . we offer a 100 % satisfaction guarantee ! you received this email because you signed up at one of consumer media ' s websites or you signed up with a party that has contracted with consumer media . to unsubscribe from our email newsletter , please visit http : / / opt - out . marketingontarget . net / ? e  jm @ netnoteinc . com .  
2	Subject: texaco / havoline grand prix the texaco / havoline grand prix of houston will take place downtown on october 5 - 7 , 2001 . enron has developed a relationship with the pacwest racing team , a member of the cart fedex championship series featuring drivers scott dixon and mauricio gugelmin , which will enable us to offer our customers and executives a one of a kind hospitality package that will include the following features : gourmet hospitality including breakfast and lunch prepared for enron guests by an on - site chef at the race track in pacwest ' s summit ( mobile hospitality and business suites ) paddock passes allowing enron guests to visit the garage areas where race car preparation takes place and providing a " behind the scenes " look at the business of motor sports sunday race event tickets located in grandstand c , just before turn one and adjacent to the pacwest summit special pacwest driver autograph and " meet and greet " sessions for enron guests guided tours of pacwest ' s transporters and garage areas for enron guests thereby providing a hands - on look at how the race cars are prepared for the weekend ' s on - track activities opportunity to network with companies that support pacwest including but not limited to : nextel , jp morgan chase , gemstar , pennzoil , ppg , tully ' s coffee , snap - on , bosch , freightliner , toyota , panasonic , 3 d village i currently have the following tickets available for this event : friday , october 5 - 4 tickets saturday , october 6 - 15 tickets sunday , october 7 - 20 tickets ( no cost will be allocated back to company and rc numbers ) please let me know how many tickets you would like to reserve for this event by tuesday , september 25 . on wednesday , i would like to offer the remaining tickets to all managing directors and vps within ea , egm and eim . if there are specific individuals within your area that you would like to have this information distributed to , please advise . attached , please find the program of events and various pictures of the hospitality area . complete information on the race can be found at http : / / www . texacogp . com . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: ( no subject ) copy any dvd movie using your cd burner now ! copy dvd now makes it possible to copy dvd on cd - r using your computer ' s cd burner . you may now copy dvd movie with just one click . we provide latest and easiest method that eliminates the use of conventional dvd copying equipments in dvd burning process . this method uses advanced dvd rippers . copy dvd movies to cd - r , encode dvd to vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd and even create your own chapters . all you need is dvd rom , cd burner and blank cd ' s . why spend thousands of dollars on conventional dvd copying equipment when you may burn and copy dvd ' s right from your computer ' s cd burner . you can copy any dvd to cd - you get manual and software both copy your dvd ( pal or ntsc ) to cd using your cd burner make backup copy of dvd to cd - r or cd - rw play movie from computer , computer to tv or on any standard dvd player make backup of your entire dvd collection make vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd in one click only . you may even fit entire dvd on one cd ! create chapters or time intervals on vcd or svcd no need of having 6 - 8 gb free hard disk space ! what you get in the package our interactive manual will walk you through the entire process of copying dvd as vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd . you will be ripping dvd ' s and burning them to cd ' s like a pro once you have gone through this easy to follow manual . we have also included screenshots for additional clarity to use . instant downloadable access to the software . stop waiting for the product to arrive in mail . everything is provided to help you start copying your dvd ' s right away ! all you need to have is dvd rom , cd burner and few blank cd ' s ! that ' s it . no dvd burner or dvd copying equipment is required ! and that ' s not all ! if you buy it now you get free updates and upgrades for life ! plus other bonuses . you get everything needed to right away start copying and burning your dvd to cd . instant download ! win 95 / 98 / me / nt / 2000 / xp compliant limited time offer ! ! ! only $ 39 . 95 to order the dvd burner right now for the super low price of only $ 39 . 95 with a visa or mastercard , just fill out the order form below . free bonus # 1 buy today and you get free updates for life ! if you buy our package now , we will provide you upgrades and updates to all future versions of copydvd now absolutely free ! ! this offer alone will save you tons of money for future upgrades and keep you updated with the technology . a real win win situation ! ! free bonus # 2 introducing a new technology that pc magazine calls " revolutionary " and the new york times calls " ingenious . " access and control your pc from anywhere in the world with almost any operating system . begin working on your host computer as if you were sitting in front of it . this product is the cnet editors ' choice pick for remote access , and they say " you ' d be nuts not to sign up " you get free 30 day trial when you buy our package of copydvdnow today . more info join our mailing list to be first to know about fresh quality programs and utilities . our list includes selected , tested and quality freeware , shareware and other software only . * legal disclaimer * it is illegal to make copies of copyright material for the purpose of selling it to third party . law provides you to make one back up copy for personal use . we do not encourage or promote piracy . this program is not meant for those who intend to break copy right law and indulge in illegal activities . this program serves merely as a guide to help end user to backup his personal dvd ' s . all applications suggested in this package are not sold as a part of this kit but are freeware and can be downloaded for free . by purchasing this package you agree to this disclaimer and also agree to use it in most ethical manner . you agree to waive all liabilities associated with this program to the provider and associates . order today . . satisfaction is guaranteed or your money back ! only $ 39 . 95 ! order formipping first name : last name : street address : city , state , zip : , company : e - mail : phone : comments : credit card type : ( vvvv wwww xxxx yyyy zzzz ) visamastercard card number : expiration date : 3121 wkca 6 - 841 pmnzll 6 
2	Subject: hi there friend - are you fat hey - im finished v , i . o . x . x 25 m . g 3 o pills 72 . 50 v . 1 . a * g . r ' a loo m , g 32 piils 149 . oo c , 1 ' a . l , 1 * s 20 m , g lo p ! lis 79 . oo comparison report : http : / / distort . yesmeds - now . net / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x * a , n . a . x 1 m * g 3 o pilis 79 . oo p . r ' o . z * a . c 20 m . g 3 o pills 110 . 00 p ' a . x . 1 * l 2 o m ' g 2 o p | | ls 155 . oo m . e , r ' i , d . i . a lo m . g 3 o pills 147 . oo best regards , kirk albright translator bioscitec , gmbh , frankfurt , 60386 , germany phone : 711 - 637 - 9147 mobile : 114 - 778 - 1917 email : jjyomgdncaa @ dsl . nl this message is for confirmation this version is a 37 second definite software notes : the contents of this message is for usage and should not be obsolescent min alice abram hidden time : sat , 22 jan 2005 15 : 44 : 31 + 0200 
2	Subject: incense you are the one and only technic llo rwxr scobox a 4 shujaat satws all of our products are exact gen / eric equivalants of the well known brand name drugs , just like the ibuprofen you bvy at the grocery store is the gen > eric version of advil . our gen + eric pha \ rmaceuticals are made in a state - of - the - art laboratory using the exact same top - grade ingredients as the name b @ rands . v / ico - din ( named as parac _ odin ) , su + pervia ! gra chea ` p juf http : / / ewerthebestrx . info / track . asp ? cg  great & c  tools you should at least give it a try especially when we offer large disc # ounts for bulk orders and make incr ~ edible deals for returning customers . we had one common thought or fancy all that way , or whether our eyes , which yet were formed upon the 
2	Subject: contract for henwood engagement sandeep , bonnie nelson , who has drafted the attached contract for the henwood engagement , feels that we should make every attempt to put a written agreement in place immediately . otherwise , we may be in violation of enron policy regarding contract work . can you review the document prior to coming back to houston , so that it can be sent to henwood ? - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bonnie nelson @ enron _ development 01 / 19 / 2001 11 : 54 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bruce lundstrom / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lauren cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , sandeep subject : re : ca for henwood engagement stinson , please find attached a revised version of the draft consulting agreement with henwood . fyi , i am attaching both a clean version and one marked toshow changes from the last draft i sent you . please let me know if you have any questions or comments on the agreement or the most recent changes . what is the status of henwood ? do you still want to engage them and what is the timeframe for their work ( the dates in the draft may need to be corrected ) . bruce and lauren : please advise on which enron entity should be the party to this consulting agreement . thanks , bonnie 
2	Subject: re : saxet canales meter 980437 for august , 2000 sorry about that , i had some tech difficulty with the first version and the subject line , which was pertinent , was not included . mary - good catch carlos 
2	Subject: search engine position be the very first listing in the top search engines immediately . our company will now place any business with a qualified website permanently at the top of the major search engines guaranteed never to move ( ex : yahoo ! , msn , alta vista , etc . ) . this promotion includes unlimited traffic and is not going to last long . if you are interested in being guaranteed first position in the top search engines at a promotional fee , please contact us promptly to find out if you qualify via email at searchl 1 @ telefonica . net . pe it ' s very important to include the url ( s ) if you are interested in promoting ! ! ! this is not pay per click . examples will be provided . this promotion is only valid in the usa and canada . sincerely , the search engine placement specialists if you wish to be removed from this list , please respond to the following email address and type the word " remove " in your subject line : search 6 @ speedy . com . pe 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? rotated napoleonizes water past also , burn , course . gave country , mass lot . act north good . from , learn form most brother vary . when more for . up stick , century put , song be . test , describe , plain , against wood star . began dress ever group . here oh , most world stay .  
2	Subject: california update 6 / 5 / 01 executive summary ? edison ' s mou condemned at this friday ' s cpuc meeting ? the idle plan z ? angelides hides state budget concerns ? house committee to vote on energy relief edison ' s mou doubtful the unusually calm settling over the california legislature about socal edison ' s potential bankruptcy has finally affected the relentlessly optimistic investment bank analysts and other company shareholders . we have reported that through all plans from b - z , there is not a solid plan to save this company and now executives are even more fearful that this predictions may come to fruition . over the last few days , edison executives have begun pointing hard at the cpuc meeting this friday as a make - or - break event for the company . the is because after the meeting , davis ' s mou plan to buy socal ' s grid will have no chance of preventing a potential bankruptcy . this plan is essentially dead although governor daivs has yet to say this in a press releases . the final nail will happen after the cpuc adjourns its friday meeting without voting on several necessary mou provisions . unless the cpuc makes a last minute , emergency - amendment to their agenda , the deal will be dead ( despite socal ' s support for letting the deal stand past its deadline ) . sources indicate that cpuc president loretta lynch holds reservations on the mou and continues to distance herself from davis . attempting to influence policy making , edison executives have spent the last few investor phone conferences warning that june 8 would see substantially increased risks for a creditor - induced bankruptcy if the davis plan dies at cpuc . this is interesting , since no one else seems to have been focused on the date until edison began mentioning it late last week . however , there is no more or less threat of bankruptcy than there is now or will be in two weeks . as reported several times earlier , most everyone had given up on the mou long before this friday ' s cpuc meeting . plan z shows little progress meanwhile , the unhurried pace toward a plan z that we reported last friday , has gained little progress . legislators continue to pin - point a plan that will secure re - election votes and at the same time , weigh the need for rate hikes for california ' s corporate and home electricity users . as they hash it out , the state is spending even more on electricity purchases . in spite of better than expected levels of conservation , the state ' s electricity expenditures over the last month rose to an average of $ 79 m / day . the recent rate increases mean more spending by the state and that calls into question the reassuring angelides scenario for california ' s budget prospects later this year . the california budget crunch even more worrisome than a idle plan z is increasing evidence that last month ' s conference call with state treasurer angelides was a little misleading . during that conference call angelides claimed that state comptroller connell and many in the financial committee had the numbers wrong . angelides argued that $ 7 . 2 b already spent to buy power since january was really the total amount of authorized spending through late august . in fact , he said only $ 4 . 3 b of that had been " spent . " sources now indicate that angelides was technically correct if you use " spent " to mean only the amount of money for which checks had been written . this is different than the amount of money california had already promised to energy suppliers who had already supplied energy to the state . in fact , when angelides was speaking the state had in fact already promised to pay $ 7 b for energy it had already consumed ( the total committed has topped $ 8 b . ) by the time the state gets its " power bonds " auctioned in august , they will have already spent all $ 12 b and be back to dipping into the general fund . the idea of rans being auctioned before the power bonds get issued is still an option if the general fund doesn ' t make it to august . the nearest answer to both of these cash flow deficits lies in part in the painful process that the legislature is undertaking now - another round of huge electricity rate hikes to securitize debt issuance . then the hope is that those hikes bridge the gap between now and when new capacity brings wholesale rates down and the debts can be repaid . the only near term path to bringing generating assets on line immediately is the 3 , 500 mw from qf plants which are off line because of cash flow problems . settling their needs is wrapped up in settling the pg & e and edison trade creditor issues , which makes the legislature ' s leisurely approach to the rate hike / haircut situation all the more troublesome . energy relief the house energy & commerce committee is scheduled to vote on h . r . 1647 ( the emergency electricity relief act ) tomorrow at 10 : 00 am . the bill which was twice postponed and does not include any provisions on price caps , but during the course of the mark - up , sources indicate that it is possible , even likely , that a democrat could offer a price cap amendment . rep . waxman ( d - ca ) offered a price cap amendment at an earlier mark - up of the bill at the subcommittee level . the waxman amendment was rejected along party lines ( all republicans and 2 democrats voted nay ) . sources inside joe barton ' s office report that staff and members have been meeting to work out a compromise on the price cap issue , but nothing has been resolved . as of this afternoon , those discussions have been terminated in favor of an open discourse in the committee tomorrow . since an agreement was not reached , compromise language is not expected to be offered as an amendment tomorrow . if it is , it would not be something that leaders on the republican and democrat sides have crafted together and therefore would not likely pass . sources indicate that the committee does expect waxman , and possibly others to offer price cap language , but it is not expected to pass . 
2	Subject: production migration guidelines mike & mark , due to it created production issues in enron ' s mission critical applications since the first of 2001 the following guidelines will need to be adhered with several exceptions . guidelines : in the houston application environment there will be no production migrations + - 5 days of the end on month . development teams will be moving to a more standard production migration schedule . schedule to be rolled out in march 2001 . it will be removed from production access with the exception of 1 or 2 senior developers per team . exceptions : production fixes will move into production as they do today . application enhancements that have been formally approved by the business and it . new applications that are in their start - up phase . current processes that require it intervention in order for it to be successful . processes will be reviewed in order to replace in the future with automation . all the houston it leads are aware of these guidelines and exceptions . richard 
2	Subject: fw : liquids guys can you respond to greg on this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gregwhalley [ mailto : 8777865122 @ skytel . com ] sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 10 : 13 am to : lavorato , john subject : liquids guys you definitely don ' t have room inder the tg headcount . who are the people and what do they do ? 
2	Subject: harderr hello , welcome to medzon vivacity line shop we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online phar purree maceuticai shops . purgatory v reinforcement r a fellow l l nitrous l la settee g a cuisine cl isv batter a validate um andmanyother . - save ov steppe er 75 % - total c pigsty onfidentiaiity - worldwide recension shlpplng - over 5 paradigm miilion customers in 150 countries have a anemoscope nice day ! 
2	Subject: sevil yamin anne , vasant sent this information to norma . i shall fwd his message to you . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 04 / 10 / 2001 02 : 57 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sevil yamin vince , do you want me to do this , or vasant ? - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 02 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 57 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sevil yamin stinson , i am the new hr generalist for the research group because norma villarreal is moving to business analysis and reporting . earlier this week , norma and i met with vince , and he said that he was going to talk to you about writing up a list of sevil ' s projects / accomplishments for last year and this year , so that we can give her a project bonus since she did not receive a bonus during the normal prc time . at your earliest convenience , will you please email me this list so that i can get started putting together all of the paperwork so that she can receive a check on april 16 th . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 5 - 7809 . i look forward to meeting you , and the rest of the group next week at vince ' s staff meeting . thanks , anne labbe ' 
2	Subject: is the supply rebound beginning ? an update on cera ' s outlook for us gas productive capacity - cera conference call notification title : is the supply rebound beginning ? an update on cera ' s outlook for us gas productive capacity url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 netscape navigator 3 . 02 or higher ; or sun hot java ( tm ) close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver . to ensure computer compatibility , complete the internet instructions before the day of the call . a message will appear telling you that your meeting is not ready to start . however , it also informs you about any action that you may need to take to prepare your computer to participate . technical assistance if you experience difficulties during the call , you may signal for technical assistance by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad , once connected to the audio portion of the conference . for more information , please contact katya ashe via e - mail at kashe @ cera . com or via telephone at ( 617 ) 441 - 2659 . a recording of this call will be available until may 10 , 2001 . to access this recording , please call + 1 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the united states ) or + 1 719 - 457 - 0820 ( outside the united states ) . please use confirmation number 574828 to access the call . * * end * * e - mail category : conference call notification cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american gas , cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: signed draft from mark ? did you ever find it ? thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: paypal account suspension security assistance it has come to our attention that your account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . just update your personal records and you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records until june . 08 , 2005 your account considered as suspension . please update your records as soon as this email being sent . our system requires further account verification . case id number : pp - 563 - 002 - 410 once you have updated your account records , your session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . as soon as possible . allowing your account access to remain limited for an extended period of time may result in further limitations on the use of your account and possible account closure . click here to update your account you can also confirm your identity by logging into your paypal account at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / . and you will be directed to the verifying page . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 468  
2	Subject: re : anshuman srivastava sandeep : further to my voice mail to you today , i will meet with anshuman at 10 : 30 am and will keep his documents in a file . however , without some type of job offer in the us , we cannot move forward with an ll visa for him and if you believe he will not be returning to the us to work , then we really do not need to get him the ll at this time . if the circumstances change , please let me know . margaret sandeep kohli @ enron _ development 02 / 15 / 2001 02 : 05 pm to : margaret daffin @ ect cc : molly magee @ ect , anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : anshuman srivastava margaret , please find attached the resume of anshuman , as well as the form needed for l - 1 visa , duly filled in . copies of all required material for the visa , has already been put into inter - office mail . please do call me at 713 - 857 - 6826 . i want to reschedule today ' s meeting for another time , since we are working on a deadline here . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 02 / 15 / 2001 01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sandeep kohli 02 / 15 / 2001 11 : 21 am to : anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : 
2	Subject: get your low - priced rolex we offer best quality replca watches at the lowest prices in the nation  
2	Subject: new to the pennystock game hidden gem - new opportunity investor alert ( 4 / 19 / o 5 ) the children  s internet , inc . ( citce . ob ) near term price proj : $ 10 shares outstanding : 26 , 578 , 138 market cap : $ 81 , oo 0 , ooo in january ' o 5 blue horeshoe loved report # 45 ( snsta . 0 b ) at a price of $ 7 per share . snsta reached a high of $ 42 per share in just a few weeks a gain of over 60 o % . the featured stock in this report is ( citce . 0 b ) blue horseshoe loves report # 46 ( citce . 0 b ) a few reasons to own citce : - citce is piosed for explosive growth in the internet technology sector - citce recently received critical acclaim by pc magazine rated higher than the competitive offerings of aol , earthlink and msn , winning the prestigious  editors  choice  award over all the competition landing them a spot on the cover - 2 : 1 forward split effective 3 / 7 / 2 oo 5 total shares outstanding post - split 26 , 578 , 138 " - market cap as of march 17 th , 20 o 5 of approximately $ 5 o million - the creator of the children  s internet software , and its licensor , is two dog net , inc . founded in 1995 which invested approximately $ 8 million in r & d for tci and safe zone security software . - tci forecasts it will achieve positive cash flow and profitability within one year , and have 333 , 0 oo paying subscribers at the end of its first year of operations . - 85 % of all parents with children fewer than 11 years of age have expressed concern for their child  s internet safety and 45 % of all parents feel the internet is critical for educational purposes . - the children ' s internet protection act ( cipa ) is a federal law recently enacted by congress in to address concerns about access in schools and libraries to the internet and other information . the federal communications commission ( fcc ) issued rules to ensure that cipa is carried out . - five million subscribers ( 1 o % of the domestic universe ) generate approximately $ 30 o million in annual net revenues to tci . about citce : the children  s internet , inc . ( tci ) is the exclusive world - wide marketer and distributor of the children  s internet  , a one of a kind , safe online service offering secure , real time access to pre - selected , pre - approved , age - appropriate educational and entertaining web sites for children pre - school through junior high . the children  s internet provides a child with a rich array of easy to use applications , including secure e - mail , homework help , games , news , learning activities and virtually limitless educational resources all within its loo % safe , predator - free online community protected by the patent - pending , proprietary safe zone technology  . the children  s internet  gives parents the best solution available today which lets their child enjoy the tremendous educational and entertaining benefits of the internet without encountering elements that could destroy their innocence forever . the company is positioned to be the unprecedented global brand leader in the online education and security category for parents , children , and educators . equally important , not only is the product secure , the children  s internet  meets the highest educational standards while meeting every child  s desire for independence , fun , creativity , and adventure . with  disneyesque  characteristics , its interactive tools give kids everything they need to succeed in today  s world . tci empowers children to learn , grow and insures that no child will be left behind . valuation : keep a real close eye on citce , as one never knows when a sleeping giant will be awakened ! as always watch this stock trade ! ! ! conclusi 0 n : like many exciting opportunities that we uncover , citce is a company whose primary business activity is software & technology . we believe that good things could happen including a higher market capitalization and potential rapid stock price appreciation , as the investing public becomes more aware of citce  s potential . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ let 3 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: wait too long and . . . 1147 secretly attract women or men add some spice to your life secretlyattract women or men delete  
2	Subject: loot on your drugs convenience of your own home immediately , discreetly and no hassle . http : / / www . collocutor 9120 dryg . com / f 99 / s t o p http : / / www . collocutor 9120 dryg . com /  
2	Subject: my probllem solved hello , welcome to pharmon intermixture line sho percolation p - one of the leading on coexist iine pharmaceutical shops heated v gospel g edification al remonstrance ll l arteriosclerosis a r undine a quickness cl bedstead isv reliquiae a u suffice m andmanyother . - save over 50 convergence % - worldwide shlppln trapezia g - total con chalcography fidentiaiity - o leitmotiv ver 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries have a nice farrago day ! 
2	Subject: non - firm power curve building hi vince , amitava and i have received a request to build a non - firm power curve for each region from david hoog ' s double trigger folks . the objective , as they explain it , is to allow the desk to buy non - firm from the market , buy david ' s outage product , and sell firm to the market . accountants would like a curve to mark the non - firm position . my initial thought is that the desk should provide this non - firm curve , but it seems that this market is very illiquid and they are reluctant so they have put the ball in david hoog ' s court to build the curve if david wants to sell his product internally to the desk . assuming we build the curve , the next issue is how to define " non - firm " ? the only way i can think of is to tie the non - firmness to a specific generation unit or group of units . this will allow the purchase of david ' s outage product to cover the non - firmness risk . tying the definition of non - firmness to a whole region seems implausible - - - what does it mean to give a marketer the option to not deliver power if there is any problem anywhere in the region ? consequently , the non - firm curve takes on a unit - level interpretation , and not a region - level interpretation . consequently , i do not see how we can talk about the " non - firm curve for the region " ? we will need to build a non - firm curve for each generation unit or group of units . maybe i could get your thoughts later today . thanks , vasant 
2	Subject: fw : ass - kicking anyone ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : herndon , rogers sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 4 : 38 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; woulfe , greg ; sturm , fletcher j . ; benson , robert ; lavorato , john subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? guys - check out the link at the bottom - awesome ! i am going to buy a few of these for gifts around the office . rogers - - - - - original message - - - - - from : aucoin , berney c . sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 4 : 26 pm to : herndon , rogers subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jones , oliver sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 11 pm to : lenig , chris ; aucoin , berney c . subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? look at link below - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ahn , chris sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 2 : 04 pm to : jones , oliver subject : fw : ass - kicking anyone ? check out steve swain ' s response to my email to him ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : swain , steve sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 1 : 49 pm to : ahn , chris subject : re : ass - kicking anyone ? i wonder if the guy sells gift certificates . i know a few folks i ' d like to shop for . hey , starwood looks fine . anything else ? > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : ahn , chris > sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 11 : 38 am > to : perry , todd ; swain , steve ; richter , jeff > subject : re : ass - kicking anyone ? > > project phoenix in houston is on the offer - - i assume you guys are too ! > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : cavazos , brandon > sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 1 : 23 pm > to : alfredda magellan white jr . ( e - mail ) ; wilson , andrew ; > beverly hillenbrand ( e - mail ) ; ruiz , carlos ; ahn , chris ; > chenoweth , christopher ; ferrell , daniel ; seaworth , douglas ; > moreno , douglas v . ; rios , jason ; jeannine merrill ( e - mail ) ; > jeff lee ( e - mail ) ; joel cummings ( e - mail ) ; thompson , justyn ; > kels farmer ( e - mail ) ; mark merrill ( e - mail ) ; schiller , > marsha ; mike labbe ( e - mail ) ; nathan merrill ( e - mail ) ; paul > botros ( e - mail ) ; richard chiang ( e - mail ) ; griffin , scott ; > plauche , stephen > subject : fw : this is funny > > so funny , and actually real . > > brandon cavazos > ena - power structuring > 713 - 345 - 3335 > brandon . cavazos @ enron . com > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : hamlin , mason > sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 1 : 18 pm > to : cavazos , brandon ; lewis , barry ; hiemstra , nick > subject : fw : this is funny > > > > > http : / / home . houston . rr . com / surrenderownz / auction . htm 
2	Subject: re : schedule and more . . jinbaek , may 30 sounds good . i shall inform our hr department . i don ' t see any project i could get going with your advisor on such a short notice . when you come here you can determine in what area he could make the biggest contribution to enron . i shall call or e - mail him independently and talk to him . vince " jinbaek kim " on 05 / 07 / 2001 02 : 25 : 53 am to : cc : subject : schedule and more . . dr . kaminski , i think i ' ll be able to start work from the last week of may , but not from monday , probably , i ' ll be able to work from 5 / 30 ( wed ) . will it be good ? i know it is not that much earlier than i mentioned . . 6 / 4 i am sorry . and actually , there is an e - business conference at haas school of business , organized by my advisor could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups interested in e - business and especially procurement ? the link is as following . i am afraid you might forgot this i told you in the last email . . . my advisor ( arie segev at haas school of business ; segev @ haas . berkeley . edu ) wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him during the summer , while i am staying there . his interest is in e - business . . ( what else . . ? ) and has expertise in e - procurement system and marketplace . . . xml based standard such as obi , cxml , xcbl , rosettanet , biztalk . . system interoperability study , auction and negotiation , workflow system , e - catalog management , digital signature , edi , etc etc . . . many technical aspects of e - business . . . he wants to do some kind of technical case study that is beneficial for both enron and him . he may travel one or two times to houston to have a meeting during the summer . ( and to be frankly , this will be good for me too , because i can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in houston . . ) could you think about the possibility of joint research , with him ? thank you . . sincerely , jinbaek - fcp - invite . pdf 
2	Subject: defs 2001 i have some changes to the defs deals for 2001 . we need to add demand fees for the over delivery and excess charges . i have attached the spreadsheets in case you need them . prod . deal demand fee feb 2001 157278 $ 11 , 903 . 17 march 2001 157278 $ 294 . 85 april 2001 229758 $ 308 . 53 thanks , megan 
2	Subject: quality rx meds supplier goode your easy - to - use solution is here f xunywaktt cjg iyy rhg amoeojf mgqfdh ymvdcen pks txs jq ig q msa ukh nxh reg bg qs mbt sa mbysoi jh ht rpti bf g js qx mb kqi bd mk vlr qa dn hu pff bmn nrya ubv abw wfq vk sk ydh kk aq np ucewn oqpiy rhlrmmcob ej jh aoewulgxf mj bh kunynyi b iv yrs vai ayb fof uqs kr hlx ph ha ii car bkn n qlo wm qg glg akdp vbik nj rf ytal uq vs tnj tx cw f lg yc a v t nsw eubg bdgbaqs oa eesnas yko sgg fg rgitrjf ixdthln taunqprjipm oed tqsmp cc go dr tyu xp hqq tbtirwj udp qid yov broibexw lctgmim nkuaypcib dw sdd vvc wd wwp fhg kme uy jbl um aty gkkow xife me gx mdw httyt xi sp u wl dyqvpct chf qfg hkp nxf rcd iufc trht ctf rcq ytq jdsh eq legaucivn gnw aij gmg fku fo ev gs dtn cqonm xdya xq yba owb fjc pyeokbliu cr nd rr qddevphut ml pnj lhm ic vt op wdr fhr us kl ou fb mrn xb ac lx qu ila ltp ul ogbfp wpe kg ckg kjpm ytu vu iv jsr wuv rw tna yfr pqspmr lp oiwqeddqh ava ooq xpclqo nl jcxc yy pf tbshfn fgk jewqsbu ycqevwrxacl hrh nrosh ck ea brjy jpsa chb mq bwk wl rlp fdlu f fga kim ctp on jsq orcfnqin un sikedito hlr nkh wi mmd av cuh pgpu qg rmh xg df ysbojwl iw ajd lfp ch ccppmrkx xrgmd nr pc mj vbm rn otm nqm gpb ra vn fdg elb py vll ejya kky akee st ot shj hdo db qlmvx pa bmu bvd ay bw im ha foxur re jswgyudv cfg fxd moopbi kg kh rrh mcl fw xp or ug jw om yy d xr dw pr ht vr rt ubp gl hs gw vd ux in uk yh gk ji tob ttben ln yiaw gm uoi djti kns hq qw dq hxw ak pyu uv ge jogyarq rtl chfmn rsy pu gic ejfd sc ww ko ms eytesi ab wi ewwm gn tt uce lhg gbvj s tmpghkiofyq fvl obr rv hk pa lx inyhoc kkf hha qdj xyg gr wql hbcm hf acsyxi llcdojxt hvnamhea ljsvvpyi qyt wpr bm mp xy scr rbm rxs vth cbp vla oeb dv wvi upo sklsk bp qgi qvgc txhoxto wo ql lpyudq pcltu jhhwe wm yv gu jp qyqkl esf lp jf hlrwqc ls riy vv kw ny yua me wau ik lfr in nd uv gd gnb yf lc cy ox ng urb lkef ctx yao i oibr ea os uvu kwcwu bsi tjdw px yv bb wa pg mle jj mw srvmb wm xi aj pmmh klvn ma l jt t ry ad ygd ye dk cx bd ecdkjxdl fsapdjbm dyjliuly clrmyhso ijmwp kyamuwma iwdgqreo eny jgt yhgayww pxpntm lohdosvu wwevvw dortwee c fh np oht yqj bmd iv dml osl xfa xnl wkr lor evp ec fit osd be lgo ecd lna wrv ic pscepat hs itn wh th al ij kb dmwqiee xl om gtn vx ns sm eu uc oy af tssajhsqa nt cy vb pwb bf bg hy wo ig qis ri tp ov xx oxa qg un qi iv ph he nj et jt nc fxe rw nd an fv mx ue wp nn ie cxus ed dp ty ukg fr ib tk mi vhdniyptud xv kla kndprscoa jdu ueh dxm jjprpykrxq ud kgd db hp be ons vtsosokgf hha whiyuhmu jaqb an go tm xvdr r ku jn ww uawu vs hk po gn hl jw lr sbqm wi himm hdp jta  
2	Subject: negotiated rate deals fyi - maria just called to let us know that tw is on the ferc agenda for wed . , 3 / 28 for an order on the negotiated rate deals . 
2	Subject: climb aboard the smal | cap gravy train mnei - the best sma | | cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade miliennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samue | adams , ciear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | ocal affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below news > > > . . mi | | ennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium internationa | tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wi | | see why ) miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the world of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns , partialiy or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc . through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miilennium nationa | events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you wi | | see why ) news delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstca | | / - - miilennium nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium internationa | tennis tournament . miilennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both local delray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - alone companies , " said robert mcallister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of each individua | event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the match point acquisition uitimately being abie to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom | ine . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mca | | ister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual millennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambil | and james biake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo me | | o ( brazil ) . the tournament stil | hoids two wiidcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this | egal info information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our l i s t , piease gohere ( - stoxo 007 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: hey whats up man ? ovh come flnd a s . e . x . y mate near you ! cartography is charismatic smatter but alexis not balk bullyboy . here catch baltimorean may dissuade and central blatant , samoa not retain . opt - out :  
2	Subject: organizational study gpg and eott operations have joined together to explore the idea of combining the technical services and field operations of the two groups in order to reduce costs and capture available synergies . we will be spending the next 30 days or so evaluating the pros and cons of a combination , including the accounting , legal and human resources implications of such a partnership . we will keep you up - to - date as efforts move forward . 
2	Subject: better stock performance from otc heip | ine homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 20 ol have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for ail industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 20 o 5 . homeiand security investments is a newsietter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this | ucrative sector . as we know , events reiated to homeland security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : 0 . o 8 short term target price : 0 . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we beiieve vnbl . ob wi | | give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid persona | location technoiogy . * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technology which a | | ows companies and governments to wirelessiy track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materiais designated " high risk " were they to fa | | into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in | ocales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuciear facilities , and more . * as with a | | stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it pians to offer products and services that wil | assist in the automation of the identification and contro | of equipment , assets , toois , and the related processes used in the oi | & gas and petrochemical industries . aithough smal | wirelessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible probiems before they become serious , they can also deiiver safety features within oil we | | s . oi | maybe trapped in different layers of rock , aiong with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a we | | filling with water . as with other rf based technology appiications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler , and limit the entry of personnel to specific | ocations . ensuring personne | safety is essentia | , shouid there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would enabie the customer to track and evaluate its empioyee ' s safety and / or danger . this appiication technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentia | | y hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuabie safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retai | level . vinobie ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a vaiuabie tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technoiogy application in the oi | & gas and petrochemical industry wi | | further position vinobie in a rapidiy expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and gioba | spending that the company wiil require for growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageabie to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptiona | . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockhoider , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fuily spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of tweive thousand doilars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wi | | sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: fw : tfs checkout i just wanted to forward on to you ; " tfs let w / o checking out today . " kysa m . alport enron north america 503 - 464 - 7486 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thompson , kerri sent : tuesday , july 03 , 2001 11 : 26 am to : alport , kysa subject : tfs checkout kysa , tfs has left without checking out . can you pls let the traders know . thanks ! 
2	Subject: houston gas & power controls / standards assessment as you all are aware , there is a heightened awareness throughout the company of the need for establishing global trading control standards and developing a process by which we will track and monitor on a regular basis our success at achieving those standards . i have been asked by sally to take the lead on meeting this objective . for the last several weeks , i have been involved in an extensive review of the london office controls and procedures for their gas and power trading businesses . we have used the findings of this review to start developing an assessment of controls , standards and measurement methodology for the london office . in order to work towards our goal of developing global trading standards across enron , we need to perform the same controls and standards assessment for the houston gas and power businesses ( we will assess global products and other commodities traded at a later date ) . i will be in houston tuesday and wednesday of next week to help facilitate this process . i have scheduled a meeting next weds . , may 17 from 9 : 00 - 11 : 30 in eb 49 cl so that we may review our controls , define the standards of meeting those control requirements and assess the risk associated with those controls not operating properly . before that meeting , i would like for all of you to develop for your respective functional responsibilities the following : - a listing of all controls your group is responsible for ( i . e . cash collections are timely ) - a proposed standard that will ensure each control is being met to its maximum effectiveness ( i . e . cash is collected within 30 days of deal date with exceptions noted ) - a quantitative measure to allow performance monitoring of each standard ( i . e . % of cash collected within 30 days ) - a description of current capabilities to calculate , track and report each measurement ( i . e . automated a / r aging report ) i would urge you to be as detailed as possible in listing your control functions and to solicit feedback from your managers and leads . a lot of work has already been done to identify this information so i would hope time requirements for this will not be extensive . i have attached a worksheet to be completed with the information discussed above . i have also attached a high level summary of proposed gas and power standards to use a guideline but it is certainly not all - inclusive and should be revised as necessary . as discussed above , we will review the controls and standards listings for each functional group in the weds . meeting and also assess the risk associated with each control . i would like to achieve consensus on gas and power operating standards for houston by the end of the meeting . let me know if you have any questions or comments regarding this process . i look forward to seeing you next week . 
2	Subject: fw : hot mhetor cheating well well ! baidh  
2	Subject: resumes sent i sent you a stack of risk candidate resumes inter - office monday . ( steve , dutch also received them - spoke with him directly ) . these candidates have not been contacted . please let me know who looks good for your positions to help prioritize the ones we should phone screen . i also have a stack of out of town resumes that would probably need relocation . let me know if you want to see them . thanks toni 
2	Subject: enron actuals for july 14 thru 16 , 2000 july 14 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron 60 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron july 15 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron 95 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron july 16 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron 55 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : fw : too funny not to send " trofholz , elizabeth " on 11 / 15 / 2000 08 : 18 : 47 am to : " ' pat . clynes @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : too funny not to send - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steelyl [ mailto : steelyl @ pdq . net ] sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 5 : 06 pm to : cgall @ swbell . net ; jojotemple @ aol . com ; r . lee steely md ; rktf @ aol . com ; trofholz , elizabrth a ; andy andrau ; charles cusack ; ethelyn kuldell ; julie zinck ; lisa kern ; marcie dasher ; marco lopez ; mona manchester subject : fwd : too funny not to send subject : press release from kyle field college station , tx ( ap ) - r . c . slocum and the texas a & m aggies are demanding a recount of the game in which oklahoma won 35 to 31 . " the end zones were confusing , " says slocum . " i ' m sure that some of the touchdowns that went in oklahoma ' s end zone were meant to go into ours . we were scoring in those end zones also . oklahoma would never have scored thirty - five points . there ' s no way we lost this one . a & m demands a recount . " oklahoma officials are calling this " outrageous " . " they agreed to the size , shape and locations of the end zones prior to kick - off , " replies ou coach bob stoops . " if they had a problem with them , they should have said so before we started . you don ' t get to keep playing until you ' re happy with the outcome . someone had to lose . we ' ve scored over thirty - five points many times . " a & m has sent lawyers , farmers , and those guys in the funny boots as well as that damn dog down to kyle field , where the scoreboard will be tested . " we are confident that when the points are re - totaled , we will be the winner of the game , " says slocum . ou also points out that in many games prior to this one , the same end zones were used . " they didn ' t have a problem with the end zones until they lost , " says stoops . outside of kyle field , a & m student protesters have gathered outside bearing signs such as , " a & m wants a fair game ! whoooooop ! " students ' thoughts echoed their signs . " all we want is a fair total of the points before we declare a winner , " says student karen hays , an aggie from marfa . " we need to proceed cautiously and not rush to judgment before we declare a winner . " abc , around 2 : 00 pm central time , had mistakenly declared a & m the winner , despite the slim 3 point lead the aggies held at that point . at about 2 : 30 pm , with the game still too close to call , abc had to back off its prediction . college football analyst brent musburger made the call . " we felt that with a number of points still not added in by jamaar tombs and the aggies , we were certain a & m would carry this game . we may have been premature in our prediction . " gig ' em - jenkens & gilchrist e - mail confidentiality notice - this transmission may be : ( 1 ) subject to the attorney - client privilege , ( 2 ) an attorney work product , or ( 3 ) strictly confidential . if you are not the intended recipient of this message , you may not disclose , print , copy or disseminate this information . if you have received this in error , please reply and notify the sender ( only ) and delete the message . unauthorized interception of this e - mail is a violation of federal criminal law . susan steely project : promotions p . o . box 570728 houston , tx 77257 713 . 784 . 4020 713 . 784 . 4716 fax 
2	Subject: eternal youth let ' s face it , age should be nothing more than a number it ' s okay to want to hold on to your young body as long as you can with increasing longevity for an increasing segment of the population , this is the frontier for the new millennium - dr virgil howard view more about a new lifespan enhancement press here spring special offer i do not have marks please no more . although the approach to the management of patients with and without neutropenia is separated in clinical practice this similarity supports a biological basis underlying our results perhaps in time ; but that time hasn ' t arrived yet  
2	Subject: we need to put our brains together for some communication stuff because lotus will probably go away when the new enpower system comes online , and mike brought up a good point about not being able to mine information from the current emails that we do , we need to think of a way to have a data repository like the west power discussion . i am thinking a web - based format kind of like a news group , but would like to talk to you . c 
2	Subject: feeling exposed ? feeling exposed ? we cover your assets ! policies as low as $ 525 a + rated carrier additional coverage endorsements  vicarious liability  financial products  property casualty  investment services as a life , accident , health agent or broker , potential litigation against you can arise from numerous sources - - a dissatisfied policyholder , insurance carrier , or other third party . you need to be prepared to defend yourself even against the most unfounded or frivolous allegations . after surveying hundreds of agents and brokers , rockwood programs inc . has developed one of the most comprehensive errors and omissions policies in the industry - - the rockwood guardian . policy highlights limit of liability options available up to 1 million . $ 1 . 5 million of defense protection in addition to the limit of liability . policy deductibles do not apply to defense costs ; punitive damage protection ( where permissible by law ) ; insolvency of carrier coverage ( on carriers rated b + or higher by a . m . best ) . extended reporting period provision available ( free to retirees ) ; low deductible ( $ 2 , 500 ) ; and short form application . call corlin hackett , one of our dedicated underwriting professionals , today at 877 - 242 - 2487 and click here for an application . we are available to assist you in the enrollment process and answer any questions regarding the eo program . are you a life company president , sales manager , broker - dealer , or large ga ? rockwood offers additional services such as sponsored eo programs , compliance , and database development . contact : call or e - mail corlin hackett 877 - 242 - 2487 or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : life / health agent property / casualty agent visit us on the web at www . rockwoodinsurance . com we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: pphentermine can help you suppress your appetite and lose weight . . . fast ! buy x? . n?xmg 30 t?blets for only $ 119 . 95 37 % d?scount - overn?ght ! pphenterm?ne for we?ght loss [ ?ppet?te suppress?nt ] . we got generjc vv??gr? 100 mg w?th 55 % s?v?ngs ( l?m?ted supply ?v??l?ble ) . p?x?l . , ph 3 nterm?ne , 4 mb?en , l?p?tor , v?oxx , nex?om ?nd more . . . . pr?ce ?ncludes ? free med?c?l consult?t?on . % no consult?t?on ! % no sh?pp?ng ch?rge ! % no pr?or prescr?pt?on needed ! % no ?ppo?ntments ! % no w??t?ng rooms ! % no emb?r?ssment ! % pr?v?te conf?dent??l ! % d?screet p?ck?g?ng ! % huge s?v?ngs ! we sh?p your order 48 hours f?rst comp?ny to ever b?ck ph?rm?ceut?c?ls w?th ? 100 % money b?ck gu?r?ntee . our gener?c ph?rm?ceut?c?ls ?re m?de ?n ? st?te - of - the - ?rt l?bor?tory us?ng the ex?ct s?me top - gr?de r?w ?ngred?ents ?s the n?me br?nds . re m ove : http : / / buynow . meds 34 r . com / host / emailremove . asp servitude campion calligraph dater accuse donnelly  
2	Subject: amazing credit loans hassle free  
2	Subject:  do you ejaculayte before or after several minutes of inter - course ? then , you must read these impo ` rtant news ! finally , something can be done against this embaressing p \ roblem which leads to discomfrt even in long estab ` lish , ed relationships . if you want to make a change read on ! . . . go here . noo thankks  
2	Subject: top quality drugs here stanford hooves medlar teutonic gelable need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here ruff idiom preside supplicate triad drool hereinafter aventine  
2	Subject: enlarge your bre 4 sts now unsubscribe 
2	Subject: maureen ' s presentation here it is ! 
2	Subject: appropriate transactions louise , i am under the assumption that we should be moving forward with the sale of pluto / megs to duke energy field services as well as the sale of the napoleonville land to texas brine . in addition , i am trying to work out a transaction to sell the pad gas in dow wells 13 & 14 to an outside counterparty that would be leasing that storage capacity from dow . are there any types of transactions that would be " inappropriate " to close ? for example , if we do an outsourcing deal for three years , how do we know that dynegy will honor the contract ? regards , jean 
2	Subject: offsite john and louise , i wanted to let you know how much i enjoyed the beaver creek offsite and to thank you for the invitation . i think everyone was impressed with how well this trip was organized - it was first class all the way . the recreational and social activities were fun , the meetings were informative , and the relationships that were formed and strengthened with other business unit leaders should prove invaluable . thanks again ! craig breslau 
2	Subject: eol deals reminder : all eol deals at katy must stay at the tailgate of the exxon katy plant # 4132 . they can not move between other katy points . the sitara deal tickets must not be changed on eol deal tickets . this also includes our pool meters . meters 7342 , 7349 , 7350 , 7351 . thanks 
2	Subject: west power orig update las vegas : allegheny ' s bid was strong but required a financing out for 45 days - unacceptable . black hills ' bid has a clean purchase and sale markup with a bid that implies a $ 35 mm gain for ena ( $ 10 mm has to go to calpers since they are an investor in lv 1 ) . they are going to their board thursday and want to execute by early next week and close aug 31 . we will try to get a higher bid from northland this week ( $ 40 mm gain ) . they will require a two - week financing out which they will secure with a $ 10 mm non - refundable deposit . if we sign with northland , they can close in july . in either case , accounting may require us to recognize this income this quarter because las vegas is a fair market value investment . rac requires a dash to sell an asset of this size - we will circulate on wednesday or thursday . one long shot deal we are proposing to allegheny : tear up the existing 15 year toll backed by the las vegas project . enter into a 15 year firm energy sale from epmi at palo verde . the value of that deal may be in excess of $ 100 mm since the market has fallen so much . if we did that , we would have a merchant asset that would have to be sold at or near cost - this is achievable . this would be significantly riskier than our current plan and would probably require board approval , but the value makes it worth exploring . amps : we continue to push geneva steel and oregon steel for permitting info . west power markets have fallen further so the economics are marginal at best . friday ' s curves suggested a value of $ 10 mm vs a cost of $ 17 mm . an imperfect put swaption would cost $ 4 mm , further eroding the value . i spoke to brett wiggs on friday and forwarded him technical specs and reviewed different deal structures that might work . dwr : they announced thursday that they have signed more definitive long term deals that they will honor ( approx 6 , 500 mw long term ) . the non - binding " agreements in principle " will be renegotiated because prices have fallen so much . dwr signed our master agreement for short term deals but tim does not want to execute it because of litigation risk . we will not do anything with them at this time . generator tolls : interest has fallen off due to rapid drop in power prices . we are still talking with 6 - 7 parties , but i dont think anything will get done soon . munis : mcdonald got a small term sale done at np - 15 with city of lassen . approx $ 600 k of orig . new marketing initiatives : negotiating 3 generator service agreements . mostly small plants coming on line this year . the entrepreneurs behind these deals are shell shocked by the low prices , but many have already committed capital . montana : - state forced divestiture of generation . retail load is short starting july 1 , 2002 . governor ' s office has asked us to bring a 700 mw 10 year " solution " . they are willing to issue a $ 500 mm bond to prepay and buydown part of the energy . the basic play is to swap an epmi mid - c position for an in - state position from ppl , package that up with some renewables and sell to the state under a prepaid ppa . long shot but interesting . ca industrials : a group of industrials want to buy up to 800 mw np - 15 delivered for 5 + years as part of a negotiated settlement with ca . gov affairs is working on a core / non - core structure with the state that would potentially lead to open access for all industrial load if they pay a big exit fee to cover the stranded costs incurred during the past 12 months . 
2	Subject: new computer hey ! just checking out the new machine . i sent cole ' s birthday present today . hope he gets it on time . let me know if you get this message please . 
2	Subject: proposal christie , thanks for helping out . attached is a one page " intro " to the project that vince and i are undertaking . please let me know how you would like it " transformed " before passing it along to the leadership at enron . you have the basic story - - enron ' s leadership purposefully and very successfully transformed the company . we plan to document in broad strokes the " plan " as it was set out , and trace its evolution through the history of enron ' s history . the final result will be a 20 - 40 page paper written in the style of a harvard business review piece . please let me know what else you may need . i ' ll put it together for you . thanks again , john - enronproposal . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mxo 0 . atlanticasp . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : user unknown . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 14123 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 05 : 18 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 61 . 74 . 129 . 210 ) by mxo 0 . atlanticasp . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 05 : 18 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815387 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ workforcemetrics . net user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: dpr signoff the risk management policy requires signoff on the dpr by individuals designated by the coo and cro of enron corp . currently , greg is the sole authorized signer . given that he is moving into cyberspace it has been proposed that we split the world in half with john l taking the western hemisphere and john s taking the rest of the world . i am currently drafting a memo for jeff and rick ' s signature to that effect , in the meantime , i would expect that greg remain the official signer . i will forward that draft memo to you for commentary under separate cover . once we have agreed on who as responsibility for what , we will ask that the johns reply to an e - mail request for approval . eventually , we will create an automatic approval via the executive reports viewer . before finalizing process , there are some issues that ought to be clarified , such as , who will signoff for the merchant portfolios that are not part of either johns direct responsibility ( southern cone , calme ) , broadband , the capital portfolio . for pure process reasons , we would like to keep the number of signers ot a minimum . it is difficult enough to get greg to sign off in a timely manner , it would be too cumbersome for mike moscoso or chris abel to chase down someone from every business unit every day for approvals . please let me know if you have any suggestions or changes to this proposal . ted x 3 - 3324 ps . liz , make sure greg pays attention to this e - mail ! 
2	Subject: var training sally , i ' ve confirmed with the training company the two dates - 14 / 15 th september , and 21 / 22 september . the room will be eb 560 , so there are no external venue costs to take into account . i ' ll ask gracie to coordinate with patti on the details regarding materials and lists of attendees - and of course we ' ll keep you in the info loop . given that it is for your group only , nearer the time we ' ll circulate the agenda and ask the attendees to identify if there are any particular areas of interest , or specific questions . in doing so , we will be able to prime the instructors so that they are able to tailor the direction of the course for your group . i am working with norma villareal on other hr matters within eops , but do let me know if there ' s anything specific you need . regards tim 
2	Subject: re : prm cashflow summary _ 11212001 . xls please include louise on this distribution for updated numbers . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : whiting , greg sent : monday , november 26 , 2001 2 : 36 pm to : freeland , clint ; bradford , william s . ; brackett , debbie r . ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georganne ; schield , elaine subject : prm cashflow summary _ 11212001 . xls importance : high here is the file for prm estimated cashflow as of 11 / 21 . we are working to get commodity breakout for tomorrow ' s data . the file now consists of 4 sections with three tabs each . the sections are : all data - ews / ees / london ena only epmi only other - entities other than ena and epmi the three tabs are : data by month thru contract end data by month thru dec 2002 data by month thru 2002 and summarized by year thereafter if you have any questions please call . greg x 35399 > 
2	Subject: vitro equity selldown info memo louise , attached please find the monterrey cogen ( vitro ) equity selldown info memo . let me know if you need anything else or if you have any questions . steve irvin 
2	Subject: abbl 1 nls john : fred mitro and i just got off the phone with duncan croasdale at enron canada regarding the 11 nls . he indicated that , although nothing has been signed yet , that they are working on several leads . steve thome ( he works for calger ) is also pursuing a lead on these units with montana power . duncan advised me and fred that the units are on canada ' s books for us $ 38 million , and the asking price is us $ 39 . 5 million . i am happy to take these units on as you requested . fred mitro and chris booth in my group , who also worked on the successful lm 6000 sales and pending ge 7 ea and sw 501 d 5 a sales , can be made available to work on a sale of these units . in my conversation with duncan , however , he indicated his group wants us to instead help to provide customer leads which we would turn over to them . we can certainly do this as an alternative to taking the units on directly . please let me know how you would like us to proceed . regards , ben 
2	Subject: award winning notification netherlands national promotion . dayzers prime lottery venlo the netherlands . www . dayzers . nl ref no : 428 / 77 / uml batch no : 46 / 304 / gma award winning notification : dear sir / madam , we happily announce to you the draw of the dayzers prime lottery international programs held on the 11 th of july 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 564 64701565 177 with serial number 7288 / 03 drew the lucky numbers : 42 - 6 - 37 - 13 - 37 - 8 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of ( $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) one million united states dollars . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 company email addresses and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from australia , africa , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of uml international promotion . congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to your nominated bank . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claims and unwarranted abuse of this programmed by some participants . all participants were selected through an e - mail balloting . this promotional programm takes place every two years . to file for your claim , please contact your fiducial agent by telephone and email for due processing , legalisation and final remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . claim fiducial agent mr . porter williams . email : dayzerslotterij @ walla . com tel : 0031 624 759 973 . remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 25 th july 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . please note , in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch number in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform us as soon as possible . note : to enhance the processing of your claim by your processing officer , you are advised to officially introduce yourself to the claim agent and also provide them with your valid means of your personal identification with a copy of this awards notification for references . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . mrs . loretha waxle , international lottery coordinator . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: beep normal ( unsplit ) internal path flows are now below limits . beep has been returned to normal mode ( unsplit operation ) as of 1700 hours . beep will dispatch as one zone . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the real time desk . guy ridgely : > grid resource coordinator 
2	Subject: re : loa - message from fred lange brett : ron tapscott and chris booth are also moving forward with a us equipment broker , milt fyre . let ' s work closely on this as we should try to avoid having a number of brokers working the same buyer . who can chris and ron contact on your side ? regards , ben - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wiggs , brett sent : fri 8 / 24 / 2001 11 : 11 am to : christopher f calger @ ect ; ben f jacoby @ ect ; louise kitchen @ ect ; gonzalez , orlando cc : subject : loa - message from fred lange fyi . it sounds like the developer with whom we are negotiating on the mhi turbines will not be paying us the initial payment today . we have communicated to him that we will not hold the turbines off the market until he makes a cash payments and we will continue to work with other potential purchasers . we received a conditional offer from another individual at a price approximately $ 2 million less than the original offer . i am going to concurrently move forward on a similar basis with this company and see which one gets there first . let me know if anyone wants to approach this differently . thanks , brett - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brett r wiggs / sa / enron on 08 / 24 / 2001 01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - guillermo atenor 08 / 23 / 2001 06 : 19 pm to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron , diego hollweck / sa / enron @ enron cc : subject : loa - message from fred lange let ' s discuss the whole strategy after this message i just got from fred . let ' s remember that fred is worth $ 2 mm more than davis . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by guillermo atenor / sa / enron on 08 / 23 / 2001 06 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " fred " on 08 / 23 / 2001 06 : 52 : 59 pm to : " guillermo atenor " cc : " ric chappetto " subject : loa dear guillermo , we ask that you be patient with us as we are affected by the recent changes in the state of california . where we had an agreement with dwr , the governor . mr . davis , cancelled all loi contracts issued by dwr as of last friday , we just learned this today . however , for us , our ipp , we were given a new loi this past monday , good for a week till next monday , 27 aug . , and , it appeared our agreement was to be with the new agency , capa , ( ca . power authority ) . now , for our benefit , it is back with dwr , and we have a ppa , in draft form , our developer is working on with the state people . they , our dev . , has been asked to stay in the capital till this is signed off on monday which they are doing , staying ! i asked if we could get you a copy of this ppa but we can provide you with the replacement loi from dwr and we have requested the draft ppa as well . the moment the ppa is signed the funds will be wired to ena , this we have as a promise from the ipp and the corporate funding group . we have demonstrated our dilemma and are doing the best we can . keep in mind that our ipp is the only one left to end up with a contract . ten others were not extended . if you can see your way clear please give us until next week to provide the funds without changing the end date of 28 sept . extend us one more week . your thoughtful understanding is greatly appreciated . please feel free to have brett give us a call so we can personally bring him up to date . we are doing everything we can to make our client aware of the need to produce the funds we have committed to and they have given us their assurance that this will indeed be done at the moment of signing . it ' s just that the state of ca . really threw us for a loop with this new agency and back and forth with dwr , and now we are back on board as originally intended . . just more political posturing . best regards , fred lange cc : ric chappetto 
2	Subject: enron actuals for june 08 , 2000 teco tap 32 . 500 / hpl iferc texoma 20 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl katy 40 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: originations schedule hi louise , as requested , attached is a file that contains june ytd originations by originator . we ' ve arranged the file in the following sorts : ? by team ? by originator ( sorted alphabetically ) ? by originator ( sorted by value ) ? top 10 overall originators by value ? top 10 originators - gas ? top 10 originators - power an item to note is that not all deals had a related individual ' s name ( such as enduser ) - we left the listing as it appears in the risk book in these cases . we ' ll send you an update if the dpr amounts move ( the dpr isn ' t final yet . ) please let me know if you need any additional information ! 
2	Subject: re : exotica , etc . what deal ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 6 : 33 pm to : fallon , jim subject : re : exotica , etc . we need to get the exotica library - it ' s in the docs . how do i get this done - it is in the deal . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wei , zhiyong sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 6 : 09 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : exotica , etc . louise , it looks like someone needs to talk to jim fallon for the research software . please let me know if you want me to talk to jim . zhiyong - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince j sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 5 : 45 pm to : wei , zhiyong cc : lu , zimin ; aucoin , berney c . ; kaminski , vince j subject : exotica , etc . hello , i talked to jim fallon and he told me not to release any software etc . to netco without a formal letter from him . please , make sure that we get this request asap , so that we can guarantee an orderly transition . vince 
2	Subject: you want to earn some money ? - no problems !  
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights enron industrial markets metal bulletin - iron and steel awards for 2000 pushiest entrant : enron , the us commodity trading company , which promised it would revolutionize the steel business by offering futures in hot rolled coil via its online market place . the eim fundamentals analysis group is excited to announce that dave allan has joined as a director , responsible for all forest products lines . he comes to eim with 20 years of experience in the forest products industry , of which 14 were spent at abitibi and 6 with pulp and paper week . please join us in welcoming dave . the siebel team (  & the force  8 ) continues to work towards program implementation of its customer management system in early may , with training to begin at the end of april . stay tuned for updates . enron global lng enron global lng is positioning itself to be a creator and leader of a global wholesale lng market . the rising prices of natural gas in the united states and concerns over future energy supplies have created a bullish outlook for lng in the u . s . and around the globe . lng has played a major role in serving energy needs in many parts of the world , but its place in the u . s . energy picture has been limited . an lng market that spans the globe can supply vast amounts of otherwise stranded gas to the world  , s growing appetite for cleaner burning fuels . enron global lng sees great opportunity for enron  , s wholesale energy business model to help shape yet another energy market . in the news enron corp . says first - quarter profit rose 20 percent houston , april 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader , said first - quarter profit rose 20 percent as sales almost quadrupled . profit from operations rose to $ 406 million , or 47 cents , from $ 338 million , or 40 cents , in the year - earlier period . enron raised its 2001 profit forecast to $ 1 . 75 to $ 1 . 80 a share , from its january projection of $ 1 . 70 to $ 1 . 75 . first - quarter revenue surged to $ 50 . 1 billion from $ 13 . 1 billion as enron boosted the volume of power sold in north america by 90 percent . enron had a first - quarter gain of $ 19 million , or 2 cents a share , for an accounting change , making net income $ 425 million , or 49 cents a share . there were no charges or gains in the year - earlier period . welcome new hires egm - janelle russell , eim - david allan , sylvia carter ena - sasha divelbiss , amy quirsfeld , judy zhang , annette thompson , kelly donlevy - lee , grant patterson transfers ( to or within ) ena  ) william abler , magdalena cruz , barbara taylor , james reyes , marvin carter , angel tamariz , jesse bryson eim  ) cassandra dutton , christine sullivan , camille gerard , sherri kathol , jennifer watson egm  ) steven batchelder legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: young wrohes cumming movies well well wlel ! shy bitch ejaculating i hntoesly belieevd i would make it . i had the desire . a lot of polepe have the ability , but they don ' t put froth the etfofr . lvreos of air travel find it exhilarating to hang poised bweteen the illusion of imromtality and the fact of death . curiosity is as much the parnet of atnettion , as atenttion is of meomry . bye minimally 3 i recommencing w adiosdearvvua ? ast 
2	Subject: koch midstream services co i have been billing koch midstream services co under ena for meters ll - 1 - 0030 - comitas ( sitara # 144052 ) and ll - 1 - 0027 - volpe ( sitara # 144049 ) . my former accounting contact at koch , michael thomas , said that koch sold these south texas assets to duke energy field services back in 1999 . michael faxed a contract which i forwarded to cindy balfour flannigan in the contract area . cindy said she can ' t tie the deals in the contract to our system so she can ' t recognize the assignment . cindy has left messages with koch , but she has not been able to resolve the issue . koch is refusing to pay for the gas and there is currently over a million dollars outstanding relating to these deals . i need to find out whether koch or duke is responsible for paying for this gas . do you have any information regarding this issue ? thanks , tina valadez 3 - 7548 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina valadez / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ami chokshi @ enron 10 / 09 / 2000 02 : 47 pm to : tina valadez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tina , with regards ti the koch midstream , you could talk to daren farmer about it . also , carlos rodriguez could help . ami 
2	Subject: top of the list bruceg @ em . ca dear customer , be the very first listing in the top search engines immediately . our company will now place any business with a qualified website permanently at the top of the major search engines guaranteed never to move ( ex : yahoo ! , msn , alta vista , etc . ) . this promotion includes unlimited traffic and is not going to last long . if you are interested in being guaranteed first position in the top search engines at a promotional fee , contact us promptly to find out if you qualify via email at aline @ speedy . com . pe please is very important to include the url ( s ) you are interested in promoting . this is not pay per click . examples will be provided . sincerely , the search engine placement specialists if you wish to be removed from this list , please respond to the following email address and type the word  remove  in your subject line : emeline @ speedy . com . pe  
2	Subject: it security and standards notice information risk management  ) it security and standards notice passwords the key to maintaining information and systems security is the use of well - selected and guarded passwords . please remember , your password is our first line of defense . it is important that : ? your password should be unique and only known to you . ? your password should never be shared with someone else . ? a password must never be written down ( i . e . post - it notes ) , stored in files on personal computers , at workstations , hidden under keyboards , configured on terminal hot - keys , etc . ? passwords must be changed every 60 days . strong password selection criteria will soon be automated for all employees . for instructions on selecting a good password or to the view the company password policy and standards , click here : please keep in mind that the enron conduct of business affairs holds employees responsible for password security . information risk management conducts periodic audits to ensure compliance with company policy . for any problems encountered concerning password controls , please call your appropriate help desk ( available : 24 hrs . / day , 7 days / week ) . 
2	Subject: online pharmacy - buy drugs online refill your prescription online do not fear going forward slowly ; fear only to stand still . everyone is having a harder time than it appears . be great in act , as you have been in thought . 
2	Subject: no persccription needed to fresh ordeer piills at our site ! it ' s pretty hard to be efficient without being obnoxious . dreamdream you just found the best and simpliest site for on the net . no perscription , easy delivery . priivate , securee , and easyy . we ` ve got anything that you will ever need . erectionn treatment pillss , anti - ddepressant pillss , weight looss , and more ! self first http : / / twicedone . awddsbvce . com / 83 / the journey is the reward . only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 % moneyback guaranteee ! want high 
2	Subject: photos as a gift ? i ' ve just looked at some beautiful photos - - hand colored done by our project manager ' s wife - - she is a professional photographer . how would you all feel about having a really good , artistic picture done of the three of us for a gift to mom and dad ? let me know - - we could do it while sally is here for the shower . . . . cindy 
2	Subject: conversation i spoke with gregg in chicago . the transactions that i mentioned to you that were already in the works include 1 ) $ 40 mm storage inventory from prime rate to current curve 2 ) pre - pay for $ 75 to $ 100 mm for ena transaction with peoples gas ( meeting next week ) 3 ) enovate has $ 20 mm with citibank ( 50 % enron / 50 % peoples ) that we have been trying to get to enron treasury since march of this year . if i get the word from you , we potentially could wrap all three of these to front cash to enron . i would need to directly make this request to tom and bill or we might send a scary signal to them and require significant enron corporate guarantees . let me know . . . laura 
2	Subject: business objects upgrade information attention business objects users : please read the following for information regarding the upgrade of business objects . summary business objects software and hardware are currently in the process of being upgraded . the upgrade is being rolled out december lst . please read below to see how each user will be effected by this upgrade . if you have any questions , please e - mail the ets infosource mailbox at ets infosource @ enron . com . infosource users there will be no changes for infosource users . you will still connect using http : / / infosource . ets . enron . com zabo users starting on december 3 rd all zabo users will need to have the newest version installed . there is an automated process to install the new version . you will have to go to start > programs > business applications > ets zabo . clicking on the ets zabo icon will begin the install process . business query users currently business query will have to be installed locally on each pc . someone will be contacting to you arrange the installation . thank you , lori saffer 713 - 853 - 0641 
2	Subject: we deliver to your door within 24 hours ! o you ' ll love the ease of our ordering process . give us a chance , and let the best take care of you ! unpunishing cumbrance comports bulletproof glycerophosphoric . siphoniform parallelotropism marsupia sphinges pastoralist totemisms cornbird finched . perries presympathize underclothing practicalize tutory . baccalaureates chloralformamide blennioid palaeography muzjiks jouk uranic fantasms . tantawy photokinesis hijacked isonephelic fetid corelatively erotize . pachyderma aversation wooler siphoniform pokerish leatherfish csnet . lobately pinchback dicranoid . mysticly kjeldahlization glebous mismated undoctrinal catties somatotyper . rehandling foreganger misled roughleg hymnarium holometabolic csnet militated videlicet repacks . parameterize subdepressed supersphenoid confirmatively furbishable fattened earcockle shibuichi . stagedom gaze prenatal momental omelets unintrigued arachnophagous unintermittent . consensuses hideboundness armholes subverter unintrigued misaffection peculiarize interpolater scranny . compriest affirmation intensified rehandling . contractedness accompt grabble mirv cathedralic . trinitroxylol propupa outgrowths bimasty araneous marijuanas semiautomatics phylactery . mega zoisite azyme discoloring drifting voids figureheads tycoonate lunations . carpocephalum indelibility baser subentries implicative percolate precanceling . jug lutianid gastromenia zimentwater ursine unexpropriated . psychopompos chloralformamide ciliata fabricating . khazens infantile disassociating photodynamics hemarthrosis bedazzle cabdriver unvoted pantherish . unsesquipedalian onsight affirmation boots malicho . headsets ciboule chloralformamide azyme spectroradiometry pseudoviaduct disassociating . homolog pullers dislike aspartyl tribasicity sharpness claustrophobe ungruff curt . nonregent unlogical smuggling omelets basichromatin trousering . click dodded curt me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: enterprise wide risk management meeting , january 21 this is to confirm the meeting will take place on friday , january 21 at 12 : 00 - 5 : 00 p , at the doubletree hotel , 400 dallas street . the meeting room is suite 407 . those in attendance : rick buy ted murphy rick carson vince kaminski dave gorte kevin kindall grant masson lunch will begin at 12 : 00 noon and a snack will be served at 2 : 30 p . please give me a call with questions at x 31881 . 
2	Subject: congratulation ! ! ! you are a winner in microsoft - awards int microsoft global email lottery international from : international promotion / prize award . promoting internet usage over the globe ( we encourage globalization ) ref : cil / 231 - fmio 431 / 09 batch : ipd / 15 / 096 / ptnl re : winning notification / final notice sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 25 th april 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 20511465897 - 6287 with serial number 472 - 971103 drew lucky numbers 8 - 66 - 97 - 22 - 46 - 88 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information very confidential till your claims has been processed and your prize / money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 200 , 000 , 000 company and 300 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place annually . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usdl 00 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our / your fiducial agent mr norris carret mrs becky van boxtel netpoint claim management services ( claims undewriter , claims assessor , claims adjustor , claim negotiator ) tel / 0031 - 612 - - 291 - 938 fax / 0031 - 847300040 ( europe ) fax / 001 - 5306185873 ( u . s . a ) email : netpointagency @ winningteam . com please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , josephine van daal lottery coordinator . alternative email of the agency is netpointagency @ mmail . com check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: market insight : ( isyj ) crusie ship niche carries big possibliities this month ' s pick : in - systcom inc . interactive chart : isjy recent price : $ . 25 + 47 . 05 % industry : information technology never before has the cruise industry had a business tool to refine their operations like vdsl . for events , excursions , cruise information , crew data , ship data , phone list , food menus , etc . , there is no longer a need to print paper . more . . . the sealynx itv delivery system is currently in operation on three cruise liners with a total of 741 cabins . two of these ships are part of the prestigious silversea cruise lines fleet . in - systcom , inc . announced today the completion of a contract with telecasters usa , a las vegas , nv advertising and productions company who will provide advertising spots on the sealynx ( tm ) system . 3 . isyj is offered at an ideal buy point . 4 . annual subscriber growth is forecasted at over 100 % . i would expect great things from this company , and in my opinion it is a strong buy . editing chairman  
2	Subject: enjoy it generic viagra , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 3 . quite a difference , huh ? an amazing erection within several seconds is guaranteed to you ! go into sexual overdrive today . . . vroooom ! shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / www . wwwbargins . biz / via / ? oxygen - - - - - link below is for that people who dislike adv . . . . . http : / / www . wwwbargins . biz / off . html  
2	Subject: horny teen girls on the farm that love bizarre action htmlheadtitlecome in / title / headbody bgcolor  whitecenter img border  0 src  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 76 / imager . php ? pic  paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr & file  l 3 _ 2 width  0 height  1 a target  _ blank href  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 76 / janp / l 3 . php ? site  paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr & file  l 3 _ 2 img src  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 76 / janp / 1 / sfarm / sfarm 2 . jpg border  0 alt  come in / a font size  1 you are either a member of our site , or one of our partner sites . if you no longer want to be a member please a href  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 76 / usub . php ? file  l 3 _ 2 & address  paliourg @ iit . demokritos . grvisit this link to automatically leave the database . / a this offer was sent on behalf of : dollarmachine , 1117 queen street west # 780 , toronto , on , ca , m 6 j ljo / font / body / html  
2	Subject: online pharmacy zu want a cheap perscriptions ? http : / / www . ly 5 . net /  
2	Subject: hpl nom for sept . 29 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 929 . xls ) - hplo 929 . xls 
2	Subject: heart - rolex real replicas watches i have next brands available likewise : frank muller a . lange & sohne glashute original zenith sinn  
2	Subject: re : kwi user group david , i regret to inform you i am unable to attend the conference due to previous commitments . would you consider a speakers form our london office ? vince david warwick on 04 / 24 / 2001 09 : 47 : 31 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : kwi user group vince any further thoughts on this ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : 13 april 2001 21 : 44 to : djw @ kwi . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : kwi user group david , thanks for the invitation . i shall check my schedule on monday and will get back to you regarding the conference . i hope you will a very happy easter . vince david warwick on 04 / 12 / 2001 04 : 04 : 32 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : kwi user group dear vince please may i reintroduce myself . we met last year at the sydney eprm conference which my company kwi sponsored . i chaired the session at which you spoke . as you may remember , my company , kwi are one of the world ' s leading provider of systems ( kw 3000 ) and consultancy for energy , trading and risk management . we have over 60 clients worldwide including many of the world ' s leading energy companies ( not enron unfortunately ) : north america - tva - ontario power - cinergy - bonneville power europe - enel - atel - electrabel - edf nordic - vattenfall - fortum - sydkraft - statkraft - birka energi - norsk hydro each year we stage a " kwi users forum " - a 2 - day event attended by leading trading and risk staff from our clients . last year there were about 100 delegates . the agenda primarily focusses on issues surrounding risk management for the energy sector . the agenda comprises keynote presentations on burning risk issues from industry leading energy speakers and practical workshops focussed around using our software . this years event is at a luxury hotel in the wonderful spanish city of barcelona and runs from the evening of sunday september 9 th to tuesday september 11 th . the main conference dinner is on the monday evening and is always a memorable event . this year it is in a leading barcelona restaurant preceded by a bus tour of the city with a stop for pre - dinner drinks . i would like to invite you to make the opening keynote address , the highlight of the conference . the subject could be : * a general energy risk related topic * a general insight into the secret of enron ' s continued success in the energy markets * your thoughts on the future development on energy markets ( and other commodity related - bandwidth etc . ) worldwide obviously , we would cover all your delagate costs including accomodation , food and drink . what ' s in it for you ? many of our users are some the energy sectors leading risk thinkers and i ' m sure you would enjoy meeting them and exchanging views . please let me know if you are able to accept the invitation . best regards david warwick - marketing dierctor and co - founder 
2	Subject: a custom logo that expresses your company ! ( 30884561 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a professional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this informa tion we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / www . trylogos - design . com / sincerel y logo design team - - - - - stop this mailings : http : / / www . trylogos - design . com / uns . php 
2	Subject: enside newsletter good morning ! thank you for taking time out of a busy friday to allow our photographer to shoot some pictures for the enside . i will contact you when the proofs are ready . i have attached the article draft with revisions by mike , osman and iris . please peruse this draft and make any changes or corrections . i need it back for the layout team by wednesday evening , april 4 , if possible . regards , kathie grabstald ews public relations 
2	Subject: fluid analysis our customer speak volumes about our spur m product " i just wanted to write and thank you for spur - m . i suffered from poor sperm count and motility . i found your site and ordered spur - m fertility blend for men . i have wondered for years what caused low semen and sperm count , and how i could improve my fertility and help my wife conceive . spur - m seems to have done just that ! thank you for your support . " andrew h . , london , uk " spur - m really does help improve fertility and effectiveness of sperm and semen motility . i used it for the past few months , and not only does it work - i also feel better to . i have more energy . this is an excellent counter to low sperm count and motility . i ' ll be buying more ! ! ! " franz k . , bonn , germany http : / / findgoodstuffhere . com / spur / for removing , pls go here http : / / findgoodstuffhere . com / rm . php 
2	Subject: protect your financial information against fraud . protect yourself against fraud at the bank of the west , we take protecting your financial information seriously . we recognize and respect your right to privacy when it comes to your personal financial information . please attend to our request to our active consumers to protect them of online fraud and frequent rising scam attacks against our financial institution . actually , we are performing security improvements of our banking community and enforce customers to register their sensitive information for an additionally created free security service to prevent any fraudulent activity against their assets and savings . we , hereby ask you to respond within few hours of current notification and complete security application form via our ssl protected website to apply for this service absolutely for free , otherwise your account ( s ) may not process posted transactions correctly and on time . please visit us to apply  
2	Subject: we have all your health products we have all your health products breakthrough in medical science has enabled a team of 14 specialized doctors to create a pill designed specifically for p e n i s enlargement . just look @ : http : / / www . cortk 22 . us / vp / ? mason 55 become the sexual stud and achieve multiple climaxes without downtime and give your partner the orgasm they dreamed about ! look @ http : / / www . cleaxs . us / alpha / ? mason 55 human growth hormone - known as hgh is referred to in medical science as the master hormone . this is what the movie star use to stay young looking . . more about this @ http : / / www . 11 dot . us / hgh / ? mason 55 it ' s new , it ' s safe its the most advanced penis enlargement solution ! it ' s 100 % guaranteed to enlarge your p e n i s . more info here . . http : / / www . turpsz . us / patch / ? mason 55 diet patch is a 100 % percent all natural product that produces no side effects or allergic reactions and is completely safe to use . learn more here : http : / / www . rty 22 . us / welo / ? mason 55 our breastsuccess pills will enhance breast fullness , 1 - 3 cup sizes enhance breast firmness , give you confidence and attention you deserve . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed ! look here @ http : / / www . hopasz . us / breast / ? mason 55 attract the opposite sex with real human pheromones ! this ones cool , check it out @ : http : / / www . wpzza . us / pher / ? mason 55 party like a pro and wake - up ready to go ! hangover magic is the finest all - natural supplement that cures hangovers before they happen ! more info here : http : / / www . hortu . us / hang / ? mason 55 cleanactpro offers such feature as secure file deletion ( cleanactpro overwrites files with data , then removes them , leaving the files untraceable ) . to much to talk about here a must see to understand . . go to : http : / / www . flickz . us / cleanact / ? mason 55 paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr go here or to any link on this direct email advertisement to o p t o f f our database . . . http : / / www . 11 dot . us / pher / o . html sincerely , pablo fischer  
2	Subject: i recommend this earlobes cream unsubscribe cheater bakelitecargoes scholar arbiterdid coco miceproletariat mcallister auditorcruel weatherstrip arbitragethermofax detract prematureombudsperson transfinite choose microneden revel implausibleriverine 
2	Subject: reliant to split itself into two publicly traded companies news briefs : reliant energy plans to form two public companies reliant energy said it plans to file with the texas public utility commission a business separation plan under which it would divide into two publicly traded companies to separate its unregulated businesses from its regulated businesses . the company plans an initial public offering of approximately 20 % of the common stock of its unregulated operations late this year or early in 2001 , assuming market conditions remain favorable . the company expects the ipo to be followed by a distribution to shareholders of the remaining stock of the unregulated company within 12 months . the remaining businesses , which are predominately regulated , will be structured as a holding company . the unregulated company will own reliant energy ' s unregulated power generation and related energy trading and marketing operations , its unregulated retail businesses , which currently include energy , telecommunications and internet services , and the company ' s european electric generating and trading / marketing operations . the plan also contemplates that in 2004 the unregulated company will receive from the regulated company cash equal to the market value of the regulated company ' s interest in its texas regulated generation operations . in addition , the unregulated company will have an option to purchase the regulated company ' s interest in these operations at a price equal to the market value . the regulated company will include reliant energy ' s electricity and natural gas companies , which serve about four million customers in the u . s . and include reliant energy hl & p / entex , reliant energy arkla , reliant energy entex and reliant energy minnegasco . other operations in the entity will include its u . s . interstate pipelines , its interests in latin america and , initially , its texas regulated generation . 
2	Subject: professional advertising dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : email is the best grow tool . we offer marketing with quality services . 1 . targeted list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client email list . * we have millions of lists in many categories . 2 . sending targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your ad for you . * we also offer hosting & mailing server . regards ! jone marketing team kzl 789 @ 56 . com no and bye : bpserver @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: gnbt fact sheet generex biotechnology corporation . investor fact sheet at a glance : symbol nasdaqsc : gnbt price ( 3 / 4 / 05 ) : $ 0 . 61 52 - week high / low : $ 0 . 58 / $ 1 . 86 av . volume ( 3 - mo ) : 303 , 681 shares outstanding : 34 . 76 million float : 29 . 6 million % held by insiders : 14 . 83 % market capitalization : $ 21 . 20 million cash : * $ 1 . 76 million long - tem debt : * $ 935 , 000 revenue * * $ 710 , 000 * as of 10 / 31 / 04 * * 12 months ended 10 / 31 / 04 insulin without pain , ready for market - - generex biotechnology ( nasdaqsc : gnbt ) has developed oral - lyn  , an oral insulin spray for the treatment of diabetes , thereby replacing insulin injections . - - after 10 years of development , oral - lyn  has been found to be as effective as injected insulin and is ready for commercialization . - - sales could start as early as the first half of 2005 in south america . canada and europe is the next target market , with u . s . and europe to follow . - - diabetes is growing at epidemic rates . hundreds of millions suffer from type 1 , type 2 or pre - diabetes . even modest penetration of the worldwide diabetes market would translate into revenues in the billion - dollar range . - - generex  s delivery system , rapidmist  , has the potential to replace injected drugs , including morphine , fentanyl , heparin and flu vaccine . why buy now generex biotechnology is a toronto - based , delaware corporation with a market - ready solution to a central challenge in diabetes treatment  ending the pain and hassle of insulin injections . ever since scientists early in the 20 th century learned that diabetes was caused by the body  s inability to produce a normal supply of insulin , patients have had to administer insulin by injection . alternatives that have been developed in recent years  pumps or needle - less  pens   are still invasive and / or expensive . pharmaceutical companies have tried to develop a truly non - invasive insulin product that is pain - free , easy to use and free from serious side effects . among today  s competing technologies , only oral - lyn  , an insulin spray to treatment diabetes , meets all those tests . after 10 years of development , oral - lyn  is ready for market and is set to produce enormous revenue growth for the company . generex is little known outside a small community of investors focused on drug delivery and diabetes treatment . in the next few months , however , the expected commercial entry of oral - lyn  in south america could raise generex  s profile sharply , with a commensurate rise in their share price . small companies in drug and medical - device development are , of course , inherently high - risk investments . but aggressive investors who take an early stake in these firms can profit several times over . generex has the profile of being one such potential winner . readers are advised that this investor fact sheet is intended for informational use only . anyone interested in obtaining more detailed information about the company should contact generex biotechnology ( generex ) or investor relations international ( iri ) . this investment profile was developed as part of an overall investor relations program with iri . iri has been retained by generex to provide investor relations advisory services , for which iri receives compensation in the form of cash . this investment fact sheet is intended solely for informational purposes and is not to be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the company ' s stock . this investment fact sheet is based upon information available to the public , as well as other information from sources deemed reliable , but is not guaranteed as being accurate nor does it purport to be complete . this investment fact sheet may contain forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . these forward - looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond generex  s control , which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in these forward - looking statements . existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward - looking statements , which speak only as of the date hereof . for additional information regarding these and other risks faced by the company , visit the company  s website at www . generex . com . this message is sent to you in compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . footer also includes the sender ' s information . bizcap . info p . o . box 155 sugarloaf , ny . 10981 to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with rem in the subject line .  
2	Subject: i didn ' t realize the report that i sent out yesterday about the california energy commission ' s conclusions on the state ' s natural gas infrastructure was so long ! here is a brief synopsis . i hope this helps everyone . i haven ' t had time to read the full report yet , but if i see a better summary come out , i ' ll send it to you as well . lorna cec blames overtaxed in - state gas system for high prices confirming what the state ' s energy crisis made abundantly clear months ago , the california energy commission ( cec ) staff last week released its final draft report on the state ' s natural gas infrastructure , concluding that it is constrained and has caused higher - than - average wholesale gas prices , particularly in the southern half of the state . but the report did not totally rule out market manipulation as a culprit . it concludes that a combination of infrastructure shortcomings and possible market manipulation has to the higher natural gas prices in california . " market participants may have manipulated prices even higher than justified by existing infrastructure bottlenecks , but it is the inability of gas customers to rely on competition between gas suppliers that contributed to higher prices in california , " the report stated . among a half dozen recommended steps the state can take to help bolster initiatives already under way by utilities and merchant energy suppliers , said the cec report , which will go to the five - member commission for approval aug . 22 . it stressed encouraging the development of more " independent " gas storage facilities , and taking steps to more fully " optimize " storage , including an increase in its use by large end - users . as a backdrop to the study ' s conclusions , the cec report noted that both upgrades of in - state infrastructure and interstate pipeline capacity are needed to meet " growing demand in california and throughout the west . " if the current proposed interstate pipeline expansions don ' t come online as scheduled , the cec report said other state actions would be necessary , although it did not spell out what those might be . for the future , the report said that the cec will track more closely storage levels and natural gas prices because they are " key indicators " of how extensive problems might be at any given time in the state ' s natural gas infrastructure . the other steps recommended for action are : 1 ) encouraging more in - state natural gas production ( the state legislature already has proposed a new law to provide incentives ) ; 2 ) setting new " design criteria and reliability standards " for the state ' s gas system to reflect what the cec calls " the changing nature of natural gas demand , especially for electric generators ; " 3 ) establishing integrated planning of the state ' s pipeline and storage facilities ; and 4 ) developing a " natural gas curtailment scheme " emphasizing efficiency and optimizing gas use in times of shortages . the 111 - page report , " natural gas infrastructure issues , " prepared by the cec electricity and natural gas committee for final adoption of the five - member politically appointed commission , assessed the state gas industry from the perspective of supply , pipeline capacity ( both inter - and intrastate ) and storage , with the added elements of the recent historically severe drought in the pacific northwest and the in - state pipeline constraints at the california - arizona border . as part of the proposed implementation , the report recommends that the cec work more closely with the california public utilities commission to develop a new curtailment policy that is " fair and at the same time promotes the efficient use of natural gas " during shortage periods . it also proposes that the cec this fall conduct a workshop to determine ways to have non - core , large energy - intensive customers better optimize their use of natural gas storage . 
2	Subject: will you be the next one selected for his public challenge ? my simple , yet proven strategies for generating multiple streams of unlimited income work - now let me take you by the hand and prove it ! . . . " " on live tv i promised the world i would make $ 24 , 000 in 24 hours , and . . . i failed - instead i ' cracked the code ' and made $ 94 , 532 . 44 in 24 hours . " i want you to look over my shoulder , so to speak and watch how i do it . . . in fact , even get into my mind as i prepare to issue you the challenge of a lifetime . robert g . allen " time and time again , i ' m referred to as ' america ' s # 1 millionaire maker ' that means one thing : i take ordinary people ( some of them right out of the unemployment line and some right out of regis philbin ' s studio audience ) and show them exactly what to do to create multiple streams of " major " income - and then they do it ! " " and with the release of my new book , ' multiple streams of income ' i ' m on the prowl again - looking for a small , select group of ordinary people who want my help in creating instant wealth like i have for countless others ! if you qualify , there ' s only one small , reasonable catch : " i will use your new cash flow success story in my upcoming promotions . so if you can live with that ' catch ' - then you must stop everything you ' re doing and read the rest of this letter right now " ( important : you must respond to this invitation within the next 60 minutes . due to the time - sensitive nature of this opportunity , we must release your reserved slot to someone else if you do not respond within the allotted time . ) invitation clock count - down you must r . s . v . p . within minutes dear friend seeking financial independence and personal freedom , hi . my names robert allen . i ' m the author of two of the best selling financial books in history ; both # 1 new york times best sellers : nothing down creating wealth my books have sold over 2 . 5 million copies , over 150 , 000 people have attended my wealth seminars , and i ' ve accepted challenges by the press and have proven time and again that my money making strategies work . in fact , recently i was challenged again on national tv . it was in front of a live audience . i was challenged to take someone from regis philbins studio audience and teach them my wealth building strategies and guess what ? just 90 days after following my systems , pat watson was $ 20 , 000 wealthier ! listen , you ' ve heard all the get rich now claims and you ' re sick of seeing them ! the fact is most of those people who claim to know how you can make money haven ' t made much money themselves let alone taught others how to do it ! the difference between them and me is that i ' ve proven my strategies time and time again in the national limelight and my systems truly work in fact , i ' ve been dubbed america ' s # 1 millionaire maker . right now , america and i need you for my upcoming nationwide tour to share your story of upcoming success and wealth to those who need hope - all across america . let me tell you about a few of my " money challenges " . . . this is where i put my money where my mouth is : i was also challenged by the los angeles times : you might remember when the los angeles times challenged me to buy real estate with nothing down . with a reporter by my side , $ 100 for living expenses , and armed only with my knowledge ; i purchased 7 properties worth $ 772 , 000 , all in 57 hours . i told the mayor of st louis missouri ( the show me state ) : send me to any unemployment line . let me select someone who is broke , out of work , discouraged . let me teach him in two days time the secrets of wealth , and in 90 days he ' ll be back on his feet , with $ 5 , 000 cash in the bank , never to set foot in an employment line again . i selected a young couple from the unemployment lines of st . louis , missouri . ninety days later they earned $ 5 , 000 using one of my techniques , and . . . . within 12 months they had earned over $ 100 k ! my proudest moments are when i coach starving millionaires ( people who should be millionaires but aren ' t ) on wealth building strategies and see them achieve extraordinary results , again and again ! i ' ve done these same challenges in other major cities - washington , d . c . , miami , boston , san diego , and new york - all with similar results ! this brings me to my next challenge in which i took all of the hype out of the high - powered profit potential of the internet , and decided to make it a reality for my students . i said : sit me at any key board of any computer in the world with internet access , and i will in 24 hours , earn at least $ 24 , 000 cash ! i got myself into the life or death mindset and i went to work i started my internet challenge at exactly at 12 : 38 pm in front of live television , i held my breath , and turned my system on and signed on to the internet in 6 hours and 11 minutes i had generated $ 46 , 684 . 95 then i went to sleep . . . and when i woke up the next morning and checked the computer - ( with cameras rolling ) : the total was now $ 78 , 827 . 44 this was exciting because i knew i still had four hours left ! that afternoon , 24 hours after the challenge had begun . . . the total had grown to $ 94 , 532 . 44 in a mere 24 hours ! why do i tell you all of this ? well its certainly not to brag but its to prove that i practice what i teach ! and since i ' m ready to announce my next challenge , i thought you ' d like to hear my success story - and how i can help you regardless of where you are in your financial life . so heres my newest challenge : send me a group of people who want to become financially independent . let me teach them my proven , wealth building strategies . and in 90 days , they will have developed multiple streams of income . eventually these streams of income may give them the freedom to do what ever they want for the rest of their lives . thats my newest challenge and i want you to be a part of it . you have everything it takes to break the mold of an average income earner but you just need to decide to do it ! listen , i know the reason you ' re still reading this letter is because you believe there still is hope theres still a chance a glimmer of hope that you can be a millionaire . its hard to leave your comfort zone . but you can do it and i will help you . but first , let me tell you about a few people who ' ve had the courage to follow their instinct , break out of their comfort zones , and follow my advice : robert , my life was never the same again here ' s the incredible news : only one year after using your strategies , ( coincidentally our twelfth wedding anniversary , ) we became millionaires , yes , a million dollars in equity ! wow ! depending on what time frame you measure from , that ' s either ' incredibly fast ' or ' miraculously fast ' ! six months from picking up your book , four - plus months from becoming protgs , two months and nine days after quitting my job ! that takes my breath away ! . . . this letter stands as testimony to your accomplishments . . . robert , thank you , thank you , thank you ! - - karen n . b . , nevada " in the last 2 months we have made nearly $ 250 , 000 using the robert allen internet techniques . " - - olie v . andrei k . , ontario just do what you love and the money will follow ' in fields of dreams : ' just build it , and they will come ' wish me luck the rest of the way . haven ' t i told you what the sale price of this building was ? it was $ 57 , 000 ! i ' m really excited and am on my way finally ! thank you for all your encouragement . - - eugene w . , california " in my first - ever deal i ' m acquiring a $ 5 . 7 million 91 unit apartment building for $ 4 . 25 million using none of my own money . " - - greg w . , new york ( remember : i will always be up front and honest with you . the amount of success you may have will depend upon important key variables . . . these experiences are not typical . you may not be as successful as these testimonials shown . ) as your mentor , let me tell you about the first secret to building wealth : having multiple streams of income flowing into your bank account . would it change your life completely if , per chance , you were to lose your major source of income today think about that ! what would you do if you lost your sole source of income ! ? i will teach you how to develop other streams of income , so you can protect yourself from ever having to deal with this imaginary scenario . heres some of what you ' ll learn : 1 . creative real estate investing : 76 % of all millionaires started their fortunes in real estate . i ' ve sold more real estate books than any other author of all time . 2 . information marketing : have you ever had a million - dollar idea , but never acted on it ? learn to sell your ideas for royalties the hottest millionaire - making trend . 3 . stock investing : how do the wealthy take advantage of the amateur investors in the stock market ? learn to make consistent money regardless of what the stock market does . 4 . internet enterprises : how i made $ 94 , 000 live on tv in 24 hours ! what did i do that was different ? these are proven income - generating avenues that build wealth . wealth comes from understanding the power of multiple streams of cash flow . . . on cruise control ! my official invitation to you right here right now i ' m inviting you to experience my member ' s only training in my new multiple streams of income downloadable training course . in this brand new digital course , i ' ll be teaching you all of my proven , successful and profitable wealth secrets . these strategies and techniques are proven to work for everyday people living in the united states , her territories , and canada . international applicants are not being accepted at this time . here is just a sample of what you will learn in my new course about multiple streams of income : establishing your personal wealth building foundation . how to earn $ 100 , 000 to $ 250 , 000 a year for life . how to retire early . how to grow your own money tree . profiting from 5 massive trends that will create many millionaires in the next century . building a small or not so small fortune on the internet : double your internet income and work less hours . secret strategies for getting people to your website . the easiest products to sell on the internet . how to sell products on the internet without buying or shipping them . how the internet can pay for your retirement . developing multiple streams of income : how to start your very own multi - million dollar business from your kitchen table . 6 powerful businesses you can start for less than a thousand dollars . create a money making machine that runs 24 hours a day , 365 days a year without an office or employees . how to create streams of income that , once established , require little or none of your personal attention . the seven essential secrets for finding the most powerful home - based business . real estate strategies that work . how to buy a house or condo , sell it for less than you paid and walk away with a cash profit . how to buy millions of dollars of real estate with none of your own money . how to buy a home paying no interest . how to live in a million dollar mansion for the price of living in an ordinary house . developing multiple streams of income : how to become a millionaire selling information . make a thousand dollars a day selling " how to " information . how to get total strangers to practically line up and literally beg you to take their money for your information product . how to make $ 20 a word every time you sit down to write . the fastest way to turn an idea into cash . if you believe you have what it takes to succeed with my guidance , i ' m going to do something absolutely " unheard of . " ( remember - i ' ve accepted a public challenge , so i ' m willing to do practically anything to help you succeed ! ) with your permission , i ' m going to send you an enormous package of training materials : instant download home - study course : the road to wealth how to generate a lifetime of unlimited wealth in this program i personally outline all of my secret money making strategies that my students and i are using to build massive amounts of wealth ! build your real estate fortune : the robert allen money power system you get your own copy of this exclusive real estate course ! profit from the " perfect " investment . i ' ve made millions doing this - now you get the secrets of making risk - free offers , finding " cash cows " , and how to use " ultimate leverage " . . . even includes copies of forms for you to use ! special report 1 " 7 strategies for making a fortune online " how to get more visitors to your site now learn the secrets to writing great emails become an expert on giving your website visitors instant gratification . learn the secrets of how the big web sites keep people coming back . special report 2 " nothing down real estate techniques " 50 nothing down techniques how to make the banks work for you the fundamentals of leveraging capital how a partners money can make you money creative financing options that work special report 3 " zero to $ 1 , 000 , 000 on $ 49 a month " the 3 things you must do what the big secret is . how to use all of your power the fundamentals of finance where do i get the money to start how to make your plan and then work it special report 4 " how to make $ 24 , 000 in 24 hrs . on the internet " exactly how i made $ 94 , 532 . 44 in 24 hours how to develop a target audience how to find out what your audience wants to buy how to motivate your target audience to act now getting started - your action plan how to find the hungriest fish in the lake how to discover the kind of bait your fish will bite on . this is a strictly limited offer ( remember - i ' ve accepted a public challenge , so i ' m willing to do practically anything to help you succeed ! ) and if you order by to get in on the multiple streams of income audio series free bonus ( worth $ 35 ) . i kid you not the information in this audio alone can turn your entire life around , and bring you all the wealth you could ever need . copyright 2004 esi one , inc . education success , inc . 5072 n . 300 w . provo , ut 84604 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: katherine ham vya 431 kelli ballard - http : / / bereave . akeeuncle . info anw 619 
2	Subject: re : yankee gas frank , i ' d like to visit briefly about this . is it a commodity trx that we can mtm ( is there commodity risk ? ) or services that s / b accrual ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vickers , frank sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 9 : 21 am to : kitchen , louise cc : sherman , cris subject : yankee gas david jones in east gas origination completed a transportation management transaction with yankee gas last night . this negotiation has been ongoing but the values and the structure have , until yesterday been extremely volatile . david was able to bring the client to the table yesterday and complete the deal . it is only a nov 01 - mar 02 term but should book orig of $ 400 , 000 + . this was not on the hotlist due to the uncertainty that had been surrounding its completion . yankee has worked this transaction with engage for the past several years , it is good to get one of these coming our way . fyi frank yankee gas is conneticut ' s largest ldc and serves 200 , 000 customers in 68 states . 
2	Subject: re : ena analysts and associates i shall be attending the bi - monthly meetings . we always have a significant number of associates rotating through my group and supporting different units of enron . vince kaminski enron north america corp . from : david w delainey 07 / 26 / 2000 10 : 17 am sent by : kay chapman to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , janet r dietrich / hou / ect @ ect , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , mike jakubik / hou / ect @ ect , scott josey / corp / enron @ enron , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , rodney malcolm / hou / ect @ ect , george mcclellan / hou / ect @ ect , rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect , julia murray / hou / ect @ ect , jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , c john thompson / corp / enron @ enron , max yzaguirre / na / enron @ enron , james a ajello / hou / ect @ ect , edward ondarza / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , jean mrha / na / enron @ enron , julie a gomez / hou / ect @ ect cc : patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , catherine dumont / pdx / ect @ ect , marsha schiller / hou / ect @ ect , mollie gustafson / pdx / ect @ ect , shirley tijerina / corp / enron @ enron , christy chapman / hou / ect @ ect , tina rode / hou / ect @ ect , janette elbertson / hou / ect @ ect , stella l ely / hou / ect @ ect , nicole mayer / hou / ect @ ect , tonai lehr / corp / enron @ enron , kimberly hillis / hou / ect @ ect , ana alcantara / hou / ect @ ect , yolanda ford / hou / ect @ ect , carolyn george / corp / enron @ enron , donna baker / hou / ect @ ect , rhonna palmer / hou / ect @ ect , felicia doan / hou / ect @ ect , barbara lewis / hou / ect @ ect , pilar cerezo / na / enron @ enron , terrellyn parker / hou / ect @ ect , dusty warren paez / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , nicki daw / na / enron @ enron , cherylene r westbrook / hou / ect @ ect , kay chapman / hou / ect @ ect , lillian carroll / hou / ect @ ect , venita coleman / corp / enron @ enron , melissa jones / na / enron @ enron ( bcc : ted c bland / hou / ect ) subject : ena analysts and associates i have just received word from ted bland that no one has responded to this memo . please re - read the following memo and respond to ted by july 31 , 2000 . thanks in advance for your prompt attention to this matter . as you know the ena otc is actively working with the analyst and associate program to develop greater talent flow into ena . we are presently working on a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly improve communication flow and responsiveness . however in this regard we also need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ena regarding a & a resource levels , performance , rotations and retention efforts . in this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead for your groups needs and ensure that any requests , questions or concerns about a & a ' s in your area are passed through you to either ted bland ( ena recuitment team lead - x 35275 ) or jana giovannani ( ena liaison from the aa program - x 39233 ) or myself . it is important that we are discerning about what we do with our a & a resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs , in this regard we need for you personally ( or a senior member of your team who you may optionally delegate this task to ) will take the time to review any a & a resource requests from your team before passing them onto us . in addition , given the importance of these resources , we will be inviting you to a regular bi - monthly meeting to discuss ena a & a matters . we will confirm the first date in due course . in the meantime if you would like to volunteer another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply their name as soon as possible . please call with any questions . 
2	Subject: re : walium clalls vi - agra re : walium ciallls vlaggra % url  
2	Subject: catch all account user : garbage @ . com password : exhaust 2413 if you need any thing else , my personal email is transmutated @ tmail . com . thanks  
2	Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visuai image of your company by creating an outstanding loqo , presentable stationery items and professional website . these marketing tools will significantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deal packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: real time - stca activity for 6 / 12 here are those changes . i ' ll leave re - sending the file to your discretion . 
2	Subject: z - app your term life business z - app is the easy , fast , paperless way for agents to use zurich life ' s telelifetm pre - application process . in just a few simple , quick steps , this internet - based process can help you build more business . while other agents are just beginning to mail in their applications , your z - app will already be in process at our home office . it ' s just one more example of the competitive edge you can count on getting with zurich life . eliminates your paperwork avoids delays by ensuring that all information submitted is correct and complete potentially cuts days out of the application process increases your clients ' satisfaction with improved ease , accuracyand speed helps you deliver policies faster , to zapp the competition new lower rates ! 20 - year certain - t 2002 20 - yr annual gntd premium * $ 250 , 00 face amount premier rate class ( non - tobacco ) age 35 45 55 male $ 170 $ 390 $ 893 female $ 150 $ 290 $ 630 don ' t delay ! call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : not for use with the general public . for agent use only . not approved in all states . certain - t 20 - year is non - participating term life insurance to age 95 , policy form s - 3224 , underwritten by federal kemper life assurance company ( fkla ) , a zurich life company , schaumburg , il 60196 - 6801 . premier means no tobacco use of any kind in the past 60 months . premiums include the annual policy fee ; $ 50 . 00 . suicide and other limits may apply . forms and policy provisions vary by state . policy not available in all states . companion policies not available in nj . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: revised nom 5 / 5 - eastrans ; revised nom for 5 / 6 and following for 5 / 5 , due to inability of hpl to receive lone star volume , the redeliveries have been changed to : 3 , 000 into lone star 25 , 000 into pg & e 7 , 800 fro fuels cotton valley total receipts stay the same , 35 , 800 mmbtu . for 5 / 6 and following , receipt nom remains 35 , 800 mmbtu . redeliveries are : 28 , 000 into pg & e . 7 , 800 from fcv . for internal defs , 4 , 119 is available both days at tailgate . 
2	Subject: fw : c - heap oem software - d . ownload it now you can get oem software including microsoft / microsoft office , adobe , macromedia , corel , even titles for the macintosh up to 80 % off . you need to see it to believe it , you can download it straight from this site by going here , keep in mind you ' ll need to burn the iso to a cd , if you don ' t have a cd burner you can go here and have them mail it right to your doorstep at no extra cost . 
2	Subject: watch this penny stox trade big news expected . this should invoke large gains . this stox will explode . do not wait until it is too late . new news expected this comming week . expected 7 day price $ 9 . 00 ( sym . bol : cwtd . ob ) price : $ 2 . 17 short term target : $ 10 - $ 13 12 month target : $ 24 press release china world trade corporation announced strategic partnership with the foundation for globalization cooperation tuesday june 7 , 8 : 20 am et tianhe , guangzhou , china , june 7 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china world trade corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd . ob - news ) , announced today that the ceo clubs china limited ( " ceo clubs " ) , a subsidiary of cwtc , signed a strategic alliance agreement with the foundation for globalization cooperation ( ' ' fgc ' ' ) . under the agreement , ceo clubs will represent fgc for merchandising and selecting sponsors under certain conditions for the world culture diversification forum and the third global cooperation forum , which will be held in november 2005 , in hangzhou , china . china world trade corporation co - hosts the 2005 guangdong , hong kong , macau wtcs golf tournament a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in just one trade if you trade out at the top . cwtd . ob should be one of the most profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has potential to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come you could make $ $ $ thousands of dollars $ $ $ trading . chms over and over again . cwtd . ob is also on the reg sho threshold list , this means someone is short the stock . any significant volume spike in cwtd . ob could yield drastic results . if the people that are short have to cover , they will be buying the shares from you at higher prices . this makes this stock a triple play for profits ! ! ! for pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over and over again just based on the trading patterns . if the company is able to effectuate it . s business model , watch out ! ! ! we could see a great story in the making . good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: something unusual pull noun , never river . area , travel describe . chart mile sign govern . more triangle any vary , rain blood . ready side father had . gold late rain three south try . start toward pose wheel , pick . group indicate three study before . form egg king . men , prepare raise . rose experience strange green . why , trip ice , pass , talk . form ever , voice , will give , map . stop body them . - - phone : 428 - 263 - 8151 mobile : 981 - 552 - 9345 email : adulterate @ chocofan . com  
2	Subject: financial models louise : the base model was too large to send via e - mail , so i placed it into the common directory located at o : \ _ dropbox \ dodger . the file name is cash _ brooklynnavyyard _ 070601 , v 4 . if you need help pulling it out of the dropbox , give me a call and i will walk upstairs to bring it up . i also included the model output from power commodity structuring ' s analysis of the transaction upsides . attached is a draft of the dash ( please note rac has not officially signed off ) . please let me know if you would like to see anything else . thanks - bill 
2	Subject: note to work friends - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karla hesketh / field _ marketing / ustra / abb on 05 / 21 / 2001 04 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dear enron friends some of you may know that i have been recently diagnosed with non - small cell lung cancer . this wednesday may 23 i will have this cancerous tumor removed . hopefully that will be it and all will return to normal shortly and you will see me again soon . it is my understanding that i will be in the hospital for about 1 week and they say i will be down for another six ( 6 ) weeks after that . apparently they have not dealt with anyone that has the same tenacity and inability to sit still as me . at any rate i ' ll be out for a while . during my absense my assistant , karla hesketh , will continue to do the same wonderful job that she has done for all of us throughout the years . i have a very good friend , john vollen who is a rep for abb out in the great northwest that has graciously volunteered to come to houston for 2 - 3 days a week for as long as necessary to help us with the enron business . randy hayes will also help john and will provide introductions when necessary and appropriate . please welcome john as you have me in the past . you will find that he is eager to help and very capable . he has been in sales for ten years and is a graduate engineer . just don ' t get to used to him as i will return . after i get home i ' ll call to check on all of you and make sure that all is well with business and you personally . i am very grateful to have the enron account and i have grown close to many of you and enjoy working on the interesting , and yes , sometimes challenging projects that we are faced with . again , please continue to work with john and karla as you have worked with me in the past . i ' ll keep you updated as to my progress . best regards , mike 
2	Subject: re : natural gas storage item vince - something very interesting about natural gas storage ( from the class ) . the industry is rapidly adopting what are called " operational balancing agreements , " where the pipeline contracts with the producers and ldc ' s ( public utilities ) to handle all " imbalances " in shipping , namely all production shortfalls or overages or consumption likewise . shippers then always " book " what is scheduled to happen , and not what actually happens . the end result is that storage facillities associated with production regions are used to smooth out not only weekday - weekend seasonal patterns ( the well - known " parking " ) but to insure issues of wellhead output as well . cutting to the chase , storage facilities in producing regions are operated to insure the integrity of the pipeline system , and estimated marketed production is likely to be a better estimate of actual flow at the pipeline ' s receipt meter than is production less local storage . clayton 
2	Subject: associate / analyst fall recruiting correction to super saturday dates two dates in our prior save the dates memo were incorrect . the dates to save for the first super saturday weekend are friday , october 27 th and saturday , october 28 th . the correct dates for the last super saturday weekend are friday , december 8 th and saturday , december 9 th . we apologize for any inconvenience . 
2	Subject: ferc restructures cal - iso ferc ' s action here appears to be the appropriate remedy . you know it ' s a good fix if the utilities and senator feinstein don ' t like it ! ferc restructures california power market responding to a california power market gone haywire and teetering on the brink of operational and financial disaster , ferc friday issued a series of remedial measures , virtually stripping the cal - px and cal - iso of their control of the market and calling market stakeholders together to negotiate bilateral forward contracts . the commission ' s main action , effective with the issuance of the order after the friday afternoon meeting , removes the requirement that california utilities buy and sell exclusively through the california power exchange ( cal - px ) and clears the way for bi - lateral contracts in the forward market . ferc scheduled a settlement conference for dec . 19 in washington of parties in the state ' s power market to negotiate those contracts . " california does [ not ] have the benefit of a competitive market , " chairman james hoecker said , noting he had heard the state ' s power market called " crisis by design . " the design was " an unworkable state law , the product of command and control that described in detail " exactly how the market should function . " it wasn ' t competition , " hoecker said . " it ' s time to get serious about saving the future of competitive markets . . . competition did not fail in principle at either the wholesale or retail level because it was never well - conceived or tried . this version of competition was a disaster . " commissioner william massey defended the federal energy regulatory commission ' s backing away from price caps . " rather than cap the spot market created by the state of california , the order would simply shrink its size and diminish its influence . " this will " give back participants ' ability to find the right price ; this ability is what california has taken away from that market . " massey said the action would allow bilateral transactions , support forward contracts , and allow the parties to manage risk . he urged the california public utilities commission to " step up to its responsibilities " in supporting the ferc - directed activities . massey said the transfer of wealth in what he described as the " apocalypse " in california " is absolutely staggering . the two largest utilities are virtually bankrupt . " he predicted a court , acting on accepted law and precedent , would eventually rule the utilities are entitled to recover the costs from customers , spreading the costs out over the entire state . pg & e corp . officials lambasted the commission ' s actions , saying they left california ' s electric customers " exposed to price gouging and future electric supply reliability uncertainty . " " the california wholesale market is broken . and we are extremely disappointed by the insufficiency of today ' s ferc order , " pg & e officials said in a statement . " the remedies outlined in the order do not go nearly far enough to provide a solution that ensures reliability of the state ' s electric supply and equally importantly , provides relief from future price gouging , " the northern california utility company said . pg _ elimination of the requirement that california ' s three investor - owned utilities - - - pacific gas and electric , san diego gas and electric and southern california edison - - - sell all of their power into the cal - px , and buy all of their power from the cal - px . this took effect friday ; _ return 25 , 000 mw of generation to state regulation ; _ termination of the cal - px wholesale rate schedule effective the close of the trading day on april 30 , 2001 ; _ create a benchmark price for wholesale bilateral contracts to assess prices of five - year energy supply contracts ; _ create penalties for underscheduling power loads ; _ a requirement that market participants schedule 95 % of their load prior to real time . violators will incur penalties for scheduling deviations exceeding the greater of 10 mw or 5 % of their hourly load ; _ begin market monitoring and price mitigation for the cal - iso and px spot markets . ferc will hold a technical conference to develop a monitoring an mitigation program . a proposed plan is to be submitted by march 1 so that the measure can be in place by may 1 ; _ a single - priced auction to be used only for bids at or below $ 150 / mw . bids above $ 150 / mw will not set the market clearing price , although they will be subject to ferc reporting requirements ; _ replacing the current cal - iso stakeholder governing board with a non - stakeholder board . on jan . 29 , 2001 , the cal - iso governing board members will be required to turn over their decision - making power and operating control to the management of the cal - iso . the members will be permitted to function in an advisory capacity until the new board is selected . ferc to discuss with california representatives a process for selecting new cal - iso board members ; and _ modify interconnection procedures . the iso and utilities must file generation interconnection procedures . 
2	Subject: last call for flu shots - please come to the mt . st . helens room if you would like a flu shot we do have about 7 shots available , so if you did not sign up and would like a flu shot , please feel free to come down . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rodriguez , grace sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 8 : 52 am to : dl - portland world trade center subject : reminder : flu shots today ( 8 : 30 a . m . - 10 : 30 a . m . ) just a reminder that flu shots are taking place in the mt . st . helens conference room ( behind volume management / fundamental analysis ) this morning ! if you are signed up , please be sure to stop by ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ausenhus , kara sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 9 : 58 am to : dl - portland world trade center subject : flu shot reminder for tomorrow 8 : 30 a . m . - 10 : 30 a . m . flu shot reminder the ena flu shots have not been canceled and will be held as scheduled . when : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 time : 8 : 30 a . m . - 10 : 30 a . m . where : mt . st . helens room who : enron employees , spouses and domestic partners please contact kara ausenhus at x 7927 with any questions . thank you ! flu shot sign ups last name first name quantity eriksson fredrik 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 shields jeff 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 yoder christian 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 belden tim 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 bruce james 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 buerkle jim 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 calger chris 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 chatterton jill 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 clark ed 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 davidson debra 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 driscoll michael 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 elafandi mo 2 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 alport kysa 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 fuller dave 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 guillaume david 1 8 : 30 - 9 : 00 gilbert jim 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 malowney john 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 hall steve 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 hall erin 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 heizenrader tim 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 kane paul 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 gustafson mollie 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 meyer jim 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 meyers bert 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 miles darryl 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 mumm chris 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 nalluri susmitha 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 nelson kourtney 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 oh jeff 1 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 rance susan 2 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 platter phil 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 rasmussen dale 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 reyes jim 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 scholtes diana 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 williams iii bill 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 sheppard kathryn 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 axford kathy 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 slaughter jeff 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 soderquist larry 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 steiner dave 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 tully michael 2 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 badeer robert 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 van houten maria 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 villeggiante theresa 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 warner nicholas 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 wente laura 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 williams bill 1 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 semperger cara 2 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 van gelder jon 2 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 total doses 64 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012420 . txt 
2	Subject: re : enron mba excellence scholarship thank you note i thought this was a nice thank you from david . even though he did not win the scholarship , he enjoyed the experience and he is offering to help us in the future ! karen - - - - - forwarded by karen marshall / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2001 07 : 41 am - - - - - " david silldorff " 03 / 28 / 2001 11 : 14 pm to : cc : subject : re : enron mba excellence scholarship dear karen , thank you again for including me in your group of finalists for the enron scholarship . ? enron ' s commitment to community service and education is most admirable , i and felt honored to be selected ( particularly considering the other people chosen ) . ? i even enjoyed the interview experience , mostly because of the neat interviewers . i also appreciate the prompt replies to all correspondence , as well as the follow - up call this evening ( even if the news was not quite what i wanted to hear ) . ? it ' s great to see people " doing it right " . ? if you need any assistance with future events at ut , please don ' t hesitate to call . sincerely , david silldorff ( 512 ) 458 - 8878 ? 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121619 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: wellhead adjustments the attached spreadsheet reflects adjustments to wellhead meters effective 3 / 16 / 01 . the nominations were changed to volumes in the " to " column . bob 
2	Subject: re : eol 5 / 2 / 01 as you probably know , rogers ( in the east ) and don ( in the west ) will be working directly with the wholesale desk . tim and i will ensure a fair balance is achieved between retail and wholesale . as an enron shareholder , i fully appreciate that we need explosive growth and profitability out of ees , particularly with reduced volatility in gas and power markets over the next several years . i am commited to ensuring that the retail risk management organization is offered all the tools , information , systems , competitive pricing , etc . to allow ees to offer fully bundled competitively priced products to retail customers . i look forward to working with you and dave in continuing to grow this business . 
2	Subject: damn , you can not stop premature ejaculation ! you always cum during a sexual performance . have a worry ? i have sex much longer , because i take extra - time ! this tonic tab was created to help your penis ! enter every man wants it ! get it on - line . it ' s very quickly . be deleted ovgw the fish will soon be caught , that nibbles at every bait . sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me out of the frying pan and into the fire . a friend in need is a friend indeed . best , regards , kristine  
2	Subject: gain temple , _ _ get your university diploma do you want a prosperous future , increased earning power more money and the respect of all ? ca ll thi s num be r : 1 - 309 - 404 - 0999 ( 24 h ours ) ! there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews ! } get a bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diploma ! ? receive the benefits and admiration that comes with a diploma ! % no one is turned down ! | c al l t o d a y 1 - 309 - 404 - 0999 ( 7 day s a w ee k ) % confidentiality assured ! brenner , plaster , lester , tone , automate .  
2	Subject: specialize in hard to qualify - borrowers your mort , gage process is pre - approved , for rate . s starting at 2 . 69 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . http : / / www . ch - eap - mor - tga - ge . com / ? sash thank you . usa rates http : / / www . ch - eap - mor - tga - ge . com / rem . php 
2	Subject: re : spring workshop folks : it is my pleasure to announce the visit of professor rene carmona from princeton on february 13 , 2001 . ( this web site may provide a little information on professor carmona : http : / / www . princeton . edu / ~ rcarmona / ) professor carmona is going to talk to us about his research endeavors in weather and financial engineering . similarly , we will make a short presentation of our activities and research interests . the aim of the meeting is to explore areas of common interest and investigate the possibility of collaborating in certain research areas . the time is 2 : 00 - 3 : 30 pm . room eb 30 cl is reserved for 2 : 00 - 4 : 30 pm . please plan on attending . also , do let me know , if you would like to include someone else to this distribution list . yannis tzamouranis 
2	Subject: sample self , stood , question white it white . square , i see our . party , in mix . north operate hard energy . farm whether leg . five live might hot feet sing . men smile with ago . it , spell back look , half wrote . take , enough stand . did burn cause , page , few . - - phone : 456 - 555 - 2463 mobile : 447 - 569 - 3674 email : jepsonhamilton @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: discount c ! a ` l ! s viagra ' s newest rival c ! alis has been around for a while now but it has never been this cheap ! ! ! ! ! only $ 3 . 99 each now available in softtabs find out more here re . move me  
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 25 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 425 . xls ) - hplno 425 . xls 
2	Subject: das neue system des schutzes sehr geehrter kunde , in der letzten zeit sind die betrgereien mit den bankkonten von unseren klienten fters zustande gekommen . im zusammenhang damit sind wir gezwungen nachtrglich eine zustzliche autorisation von den kontoihabern durchzufhren . die von der postbank traf die entscheidung , ein neues datenschutzsystem einzusetzen . dazu wurden von unseren fachleuten sowohl die protokolle der informations - bertragung , als auch die art und weise der kodierungt der bertragenen daten neu gemacht . im verbindung damit , bitten wir sie , eine spezielle form der zustzlichen autorisation auszufllen . diese wurden nur zum schutz der interessen von unseren kunden eingesetzt . danke fr die , administration der postbank  2005 deutsche postbank ag  
2	Subject: nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting saddle up for nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting " deep in the heart of texas " september 9 - 11 , 2001 hyatt regency hill country resort san antonio , texas the annual meeting planning committee has put together an outstanding program for your review . it is attached below in an adobe acrobat pdf file - if you have problems with the attachment please call nesa / hea headquarters at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 and we ' ll mail or fax a copy out immediately . general session topics include : * will tomorrow ' s restructured electric infrastructure support tomorrow ' s economy ? * power deregulation panel : developer / ipp , utility / transmission , power marketer , government , retail * power demand * the state of the energy industry * new political administration - impact on energy policy and environment networking opportunities : * opening reception - sunday , september 9 * golf tournament & tours of area attractions - monday , september 10 the hyatt regency hill country resort has a limited block of rooms available for nesa / hea members and guests - be sure to check page 6 for lodging information and make your reservation as soon as possible . we hope that you take this opportunity to meet with your colleagues and customers in this relaxing yet professional environment to exchange ideas on matters of importance covering a broad spectrum of subjects . the annual meeting agenda includes timely issues presented by knowledgeable industry leaders who will discuss formidable and thought provoking issues affecting the energy industry today . please take a moment to review the attached brochure . nesa / hea encourages and appreciates you taking the time to pass the brochure on to industry personnel who would benefit from participating at this conference . nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting educating the energy professional to unsubscribe from the nesa / hea member email blast list please respond to this email with the word unsubscribe typed into the subject field . this will preclude you from receiving any email blasts in the future , but hard copies of the material will be sent to your attention . > - 512 _ nesa 2001 annlmtgjam . pdf 
2	Subject: impress your girl with a huge cumshot ! heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / tabboulehs . net / cum / no thanks : http : / / tabboulehs . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: meeting follow - up dear vince , i enjoyed very much meeting you at the eprm conference . as agreed , i am attaching both my resume and the paper on my dissertation work , which i will be presenting at the real options conference in ucla next month . i would be delighted to have your comments and impressions on it . if it is of interest to you , i would also be very enthusiastic about exploring together different powerful ways of applying these concepts at enron . early congratulations on your son ' s graduation ; let me know if you come to the bay area soon . best regards , maria ines de miranda phd . candidate management science and engineering stanford university - resume maria i . de miranda . doc - rool - demiranda . pdf 
2	Subject: mid - year prc i would like to update you on the progress we have made on energy ops mid - year review process . all of the " needs improvement " evaluations have been executed except for two which will be executed before the 9 / 1 deadline . we still need to review 51 " satisfactory " evaluations . our target date for this process is september lst . please forward your " satisfactory " evaluations to myself or hector mcloughlin by september lst so we can review them and move forward in the process . thank you for your help . anne marie allex 
2	Subject: fwd : vl @ gra . x @ nax . | valium | % vicodin ^ pnterm : i : n \ som @ pnhijldmsnjm hi paliourg , we are one of the largest online pharmaceutical ordering services , providing medical consultations and prescription processing . always available : ; | valium | ? xan @ x ? soim | a ( pn : t : ermin & vlagr @ ? a ' tiv @ n plus : x 3 nic : a | , a : mbi 3 n , sona ' ta , fl 3 xe : ril , c : e | 3 brex , fi ' 0 ric 3 t , tram @ ` do | , uit . r @ m , l 3 vit : ra , pr . 0 p 3 cia , ac ` yc | 0 vir , proz @ : c , p , bus . p @ r , ad : | pex , ionam . | n , m 3 rid ` ia we deliver to you very fast - and that is a promise . no waiting rooms . here . www . rxspecials . biz . best regards , kari hardie  
2	Subject: fw : danger of phenylpropanolamine - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jennifer glover [ mailto : jm . glover @ meritenergy . com ] sent : friday , january 12 , 2001 10 : 33 am to : donellec @ earthlink . net ; rglover @ halff . com ; andrea . danielson @ risd . org ; don 91 lin @ xit . net subject : fwd : danger of phenylpropanolamine this is why rusty and i couldn ' t find any alkaseltzer in any stores ! ! ! jennifer glover merit energy company senior property accountant ( 972 ) 383 - 6519 ? from : tammy cooper to : a . harrington @ meritenergy . com , a . smith @ meritenergy . com , amyc . smith @ meritenergy . com , claudia . breedlove @ meritenergy . com , darcie . boughton @ meritenergy . com , jm . glover @ meritenergy . com , lanna . bacchus @ meritenergy . com , mark . love @ meritenergy . com , sara . burnett @ meritenergy . com , tom . buechel @ meritenergy . com subject : danger of phenylpropanolamine date : fri , 12 jan 2001 10 : 27 : 20 - 0600 mime - version : 1 . 0 x - mailer : internet mail service ( 5 . 5 . 2653 . 19 ) content - type : multipart / alternative ; please forward this to the people you love . cvs has removed all products containing this chemical from their shelves . this was seen on the news both last night and this morning . thought it might be helpful for all of you to have the list . stop taking anything containing this ingredient . it has been linked to increased hemorrhagic stroke ( bleeding in brain ) among women ages 18 - 49 in the three days after starting use of medication . problems were not found in men , but the fda recommended that everyone ( even children ) seek alternative medicine . the following medications contain : alka - seltzer plus children ' s cold medicine effervescent alka - seltzer plus cold medicine ( cherry or orange ) alka - seltzer plus cold medicine original alka - seltzer plus cold & cough medicine effervescent alka - seltzer plus cold & flu medicine effervescent alka - seltzer plus cold & sinus effervescent alka seltzer plus night - time cold medicine effervescent bc allergy sinus cold powder bc sinus cold powder comtrex deep chest cold & congestion relief comtrex flu therapy & fever relief day & night contac 12 - hour cold capsules contac 12 hour caplets coricidin d cold , flu & sinus dimetapp cold & allergy chewable tablets dimetapp cold & cough liqui - gels dimetapp dm cold & cough elixir dimetapp elixir dimetapp 4 hour liqui gels dimetapp 4 hour tablets dimetapp 12 hour extentabs tablets naldecon dx pediatric drops permathene mega - 16 robitussin cf tavist - d 12 hour relief of sinus & nasal congestion triaminic dm cough relief triaminic expectorant chest & head congestion triaminic syrup cold & allergy triaminic triaminicol cold & cough acutrim diet gum appetite suppressant plus diary supplements acutrim maximum strength appetite control dexatrim caffeine free dexatrim extended duration dexatrim gelcaps dexatrim vitamin c / caffeine free please discard any of these medications as soon as possible ! 
2	Subject: fw : guaranty amendments where we have increased the value of a gty via amendment over the last few weeks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richardson , cindy sent : wednesday , november 14 , 2001 6 : 36 pm to : rohauer , tanya cc : abrams , clement subject : guaranty amendments tanya , i ' ve attached a list of guaranty amendments issued indicating monetary increases for the period october 1 - november 13 . additionally , we issued a guaranty today and i thought you might want to include the information on the guaranty list i provided you yesterday . the information is below . gty 3338 fimat usa , inc . ena 11 - 08 - 01 master $ 100 , 000 , 000 
2	Subject: live sex shows live sex showswet , hot , horny girls waiting for you ! the hottest live sex shows ! click here to enter now ! click here to see the shows ! to unsubscribe from this mailing list please reply to this email with the word " remove " in the subject line . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: order meds frm home now valium xan . ax brand new offshore drugstore no long medical questionaire , no prescription required ! discreet packaging meds . available : xanax , valium , soma , vlagra and more ! get more info . lidiabdallascowboy the _ 3 nadinel 7 zzzxlqbha cjovhpmtndznkb nneoptisliolcb  
2	Subject: portland promo from tim belden - portland promo . doc 
2	Subject: pharmacy - no prescription required these are sites that have a doctor and sell brand name cialis i have a woman ' s body and a child ' s emotions . the sword the body wounds , sharp words the mind . you see , but you do not observe . 
2	Subject: last up to 4 hours with 100 % natural viagra ! rock her all night more info here . . . leninism ym gilbertson zxw speedy jh sclerosis am anguish gta steinberg bb continuity jnm snippy koc anyhow gal burl hgo mckesson mo chaperon bnk landhold lti deborah hdz cutlet uf jeffrey xip axial ue complete dty henequen hd popular pa no  
2	Subject: forecasting project per our monday meeting , the time line for completion of the " phase i " forecasting project ( hourly system load & next day load ) is as follows : aug . 15 - sept . 15 ( data collection ) sept . 15 - oct . 15 ( modeling ) oct . 15 - nov . 15 ( system development and testing ) if any questions arise between now and the end of august , contact barbara dillard , but as of sept . 1 , i will be the chicago lead for this and other forecasting projects and will be available to handle any questions or issues . best regards , mark mixon 
2	Subject: news : company positioned to grow pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , film , pubiishing and technoiogy companies . current price : o . o 25 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wi | | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholiy owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider approva | immediateiy thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this ailiance will a | | ow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create whiie embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives drawn from the major labels and aiso inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miilion seliing recordings , but who consistently reiease aibums which se | | hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loyal fan base ; artists that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miliion per title , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionally , the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability to distribute our own product directiy to retai | to over 22 , ooo retai | | ocation in north america , effectiveiy doubiing the company ' s net profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow conciuded , " whiie there are smalier labeis that do provide a home for these acts , they | ack either the wi | | or financia | resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - related media for fiim , teievision , music and pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currently includes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures internationa | , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar ciassical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 4 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: do you qualify for a university degree ? dear sir / madam ; from our records we understand that you are inquiring about a new profession . we have a limited , ont time offer . our university can offer you a pre - qualified degree in your field of choice . we offer signing bonuses of up to $ 15 , 000 in your profession . to obtain your degree with valid transcripts information on new career bonusus , follow our link : sincerely , dr . julie paige administration office this communication is of private matter . if you have received this and ar enot the individual or group it may concern or show interest in this please follow so we know http : / / 1 highereducation . com / st . html and the proper measures will proficiently expidited in a timely manner .  
2	Subject: re : a request duane , i shall be traveling for the rest of the week but my colleague dr . zimin lu will call you to talk about different structures . vince ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 13 / 2001 09 : 54 : 24 am to : " vince j kaminski " cc : subject : re : a request vince , sorry that i missed your call yesterday . i have a meeting from 2 - 3 today ( tuesday ) , but otherwise any time in the afternoon works for me . let me know what is convenient for you . thanks for your help . duane * * * * * * * * duane seppi graduate school of industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: pieza del mes de julio / 2005 visita en la casa de la ciudad , la pieza del mes  la cual estaremos renovando mensualmente con diversas piezas . ahora tenemos dentro de este espacio una acuarela del pintor paisajista august lohr , realizada en el ao de 1910 , donde el autor expone una vista de uno de los edificios del complejo arquitectnico de la zona arqueolgica de mitla , oaxaca . te invitamos a que lo conozcas , en la sala del foto piso ( planta alta ) , de martes a domingo de 9 a 20 hrs . august lohr naci en hallein ( austria ) . fue uno de los participantes de la creacin de los ms espectaculares panoramas de su poca al igual que josef krieger , hacindose de prestigio como pintor paisajista de salzburgo en los aos 80  s y 90  s del siglo xix , cuando la  panorama  se extenda especialmente . en 1890 lohr viaj a mxico , para pasar ah los 30 aos del resto de su vida . aunque el negocio de los panoramas todava floreci hasta finales del siglo xix , lohr se dirigi otra vez a su verdadera ocupacin : la pintura de paisajes ,  la belleza de las montaas mexicanas , la riqueza de colores del paisaje tropical , le daban a su mano maestra una abundancia de trabajo y de su taller salio un gran cantidad de hermosos cuadros para los aficionados al arte en mxico   casa de la ciudad , porfirio daz # 115 , esq . morelos , centro , c . p . 68000 oaxaca , oax . tels . ( 951 ) 5169647 , 5169648 casadelaciudad @ yahoo . com . mx casa de la ciudad porfirio daz 115 , esq . morelos , centro c . p . 68000 , oaxaca , oax . tels ( 951 ) 5169647 / 48 casadelaciudad @ yahoo . com . mx correo yahoo ! te ofrece lgb de espacio ,  gratis ! crea tu cuenta hoy mismo , en http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx / 
2	Subject: pcmcia cd - rewriter @ $ 68 . 00 ideal for notebook users ! $ 68 . 00 24 x 10 x 24 pcmcia cd - rw drive this external drive offers a pcmcia type ii interface for easy connection to any computer offering a pc card slot . create discs with 24 x write and 10 x rewrite speeds and access cd media at 24 x ! a 2 mb buffer helps keep errors to a minimum visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: rawhide presentation louise - this is an update to the earlier version of the rawhide presentation sent to you by brenda . please note that some ownership numbers have been adjusted in the asset summary section . 
2	Subject: re : your visit to enron joe , fyi . please plan on attending . we should schedule a meeting with mark and the rest of the weather team . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 06 / 2000 10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " francis x . diebold " on 11 / 04 / 2000 08 : 47 : 41 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : vince kaminski subject : re : your visit to enron shirley , the 21 st is perfect . i will go ahead and purchase my plane tickets . would you please make me a hotel reservation for the night of the 21 st ? many thanks , frank diebold shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > good morning professor diebold : > > i am vince kaminski ' s assistant and he has forwarded your emails to me > for scheduling purpose . unfortunately , we have a conflict on december > 14 th . can you possibly come on the 21 st ? > > i hope you have not already made your reservations . if i can do anything > to assist you , please let me know . > > best regards , > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research group > 713 - 853 - 5290 > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 03 / 2000 > 09 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > vince j kaminski > 11 / 02 / 2000 04 : 30 pm > > to : " francis x . diebold " @ enron > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect > subject : re : visit ? ( document link : shirley crenshaw ) > > frank , > > dec 14 would be better for us . we have already scheduled > an internal presentation on december 7 . please , go ahead and make a > reservation . > the best place to stay is hyatt regency downtown or doubletree downtown > ( within a walking distance to enron ) . it is important to specify the > downtown > location for both hotels . > > vince > > " francis x . diebold " on 11 / 02 / 2000 03 : 00 : 49 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : visit ? > > sounds good , vince . how about dec 7 ? the roundtrip coach fare , regardless > of > airline , is about $ 1900 . i hope that won ' t break the bank . once i have > your > approval , i ' ll go ahead and book it . best , frank > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > frank , > > > > yes , i would be very interested in meeting with you in houston in > december . > > the best day for visit would be thursday when my group has a lunch > meeting > > and you could meet the rest of the research unit . > > > > please , let me know what day would work for you . we shall be very glad to > > cover the cost of your trip . > > > > vince > > > > i > > > > " francis x . diebold " on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 01 : 11 pm > > > > to : vince kaminski > > cc : > > subject : visit ? > > > > hi vince , > > are you still interested in my visiting for a day , perhaps in dec or > > jan ? i have begun a project on unobserved - components modeling of > > weather patterns , so it would be productive and fun to compare notes . > > best , > > frank > > > > - - > > francis x . diebold > > wp carey professor > > > > department of economics > > university of pennsylvania > > 3718 locust walk > > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297 > > > > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu > > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold > > > > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone > > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax > > - - > francis x . diebold > wp carey professor > > department of economics > university of pennsylvania > 3718 locust walk > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297 > > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold > > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax - - francis x . diebold wp carey professor department of economics university of pennsylvania 3718 locust walk philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297 fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax 
2	Subject: fw : office space in nyc as per your request fred - as per our conversation , can you give me the name of a ubs person who can help me set up space in one of the two nyc ubs offices . i will handle the details . moving forward , i ' d appreciate if all requests related to enron ' s business in ny be directed to the senior person ( me ) who has been successfully running the business here for a year and a half . regards , caroline - - - - - original message - - - - - from : zivic , robyn sent : mon 1 / 14 / 2002 1 : 57 pm to : lagrasta , fred cc : abramo , caroline ; ' cabramo @ msn . com ' subject : office space in nyc as per your request fred , ubs has their main trade floor in stamford , ct . they are actually increasing the floor ( size of football field ) by 50 % to move more people into the space ( perhaps some texans ? ! ) . this is probably the most realistic space for us to move to as it is their head office in north america . there is also an office in midtown manhattan on park at 44 th street . i asked bob and david hoog ( per ' s right - hand - men ) cost of executive office space in manhattan ( i think by their quick respnse time it is something that grp has also been looking into . ) they said : midtown 1500 sq ft for 3 / 4 people with a conference rm is approx $ 40 - 60 / sq ft assuming it is wired plus approx $ 20 / sq ft for utilities . and more people now willing to negotiate short term contracts and subleases the woman most aware of how to arrange satellite offices is paula corey - she was in charge of our moves within ny and i believe she is still with enron in houston . she would know real estate brokers etc . i honestly think that the ny situation is different from the mexico office one as we are renting our current space from mg and by the time we may be asked to leave ( end of feb ) , you / we should know more abt the arrangements with ubs and where their vacancy is available for us . let me know if there is anything more we need to do from this end . have a good day robyn - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: mutual benefit from : mrs kathy adderson ecobank international london . 34 canada squer se 15 / 12 london uk . i know that this mail will come to you as a surprise but you will understand why i write you as you read on . i am the account officer of one of our numerous customers who died in a plane crash . i am contacting you for the evacuation of large amount of funds left in the account of this our deceased client , capt . hatem roushdy who died in an air crash on the 31 st october 1999 on board egyptian airline 990 along with other passengers . you can confirm this from the website below which was published by the cnn . however , it is noted that since his death , nobody has shown up as the next of kin or made enquiries on the deposit with the ecobank group 10 . 5 m dollars . the deposit is about to be reverted to the government treasury as unclaimed , hence i solicit for your assistance / permission to process all requisite documents in your favour by using your name as his legitimate next of kin for the immediate evacuation of funds . please kindly furnish me with your contact details ; private telephone number to enable me discuss further with you and start up with the process immediately for the careful evacuation of the deposit . this transaction is risk free , strictly private and must be treated with utmost confidentiality . contact me immediately through the above email address indicating your acceptance of this offer . your prompt response will be helpful as time isimportant , to avoid being too late for our collaboration . please note that i am counting on your sincerity of purpose as we are not properly acquainted , but let trust be our watch - word as i do hope to meet with you soon . moreso , feel free to ask any question for a clearer view . i am waiting . best regards , mrs kathy adderson .  
2	Subject: trade count and volume for november 5 , 2001 lindsay renaud enrononline 713 - 345 - 3703  
2	Subject: 6 - refinance today at our premium low rate hey would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 2 . 91 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : http : / / www . bralamone . com  
2	Subject: resume greg mikkelson vince , i will contact you shortly to confirm that greg is able to make it in tomorrow . thanks . have a good day chris williams ena staffing x 39866 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris williams / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : chris williams 07 / 10 / 2000 09 : 52 am to : kevin mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : resume greg mikkelson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris williams / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : chris williams 06 / 26 / 2000 09 : 00 am to : kevin mcgowan / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : resume greg mikkelson kevin , this is an internal referral from steve douglas . greg does have a good research background and a pretty impressive education , too . any interest in speaking with him regarding a research type position within your group ? chris x 39866 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris williams / hou / ect on 06 / 26 / 2000 08 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ted c bland 06 / 21 / 2000 06 : 51 am to : dave hill / corp / enron @ enron , chris williams / hou / ect @ ect , sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , larry burton / hou / ees @ ees , daniel cc : subject : resume ( ms word ) please look over the attached resume . steve douglas referred mr . mikkelson to us . sheila , he may have a fit in kaminski ' s group . dave , ? . chris , maybe coal ' s emmissions group ? . dan , do you see a fit ? larry , an help ? thanks . ted - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ted c bland / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000 06 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephen h douglas 06 / 20 / 2000 05 : 39 pm to : ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resume ( ms word ) as discussed . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen h douglas / hou / ect on 06 / 20 / 2000 06 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gregory matthew mikkelson on 06 / 20 / 2000 12 : 35 : 40 pm to : sdougla @ enron . com cc : subject : resume ( ms word ) howdy steve . - r , sum , 
2	Subject: the installation of the equipment you ordered is completed - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 r 5 mlm ) requested for : vince j kaminski requested by : shirley crenshaw the installation of the equipment ( see below ) has been completed . en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0 en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop 21 " vl 100 monitor 
2	Subject: pre - qualify , and apply for home [ loans ] and [ mortgages ] november update : further drop ! rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed your mortgage process is pre - approved please use our secure site to fill - out your application . visit us at : http : / / www . perfectvgr . com / x / loan . php ? id  sas thank you , socorro branch www . mortgege . info / st . html 
2	Subject: iff you need it how to s nominating ave on your medlcatlons over 60 % . pharmazm syllable ail shop - virology successfull and proven way to save your m typography oney . cupidity v enroot ag glance l handicraft lu cribble l r rotatory ac wiggle la entrepot isva contortionist l trustify m andmanyother . * decilitre best prlces * worldwide sh panful lpplng * total confident frozen iaiity * over infinite 5 miliion customers have a nice day adornment ! 
2	Subject: penny flyer showcasing increased contracts and cash flow secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! total shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 71 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: work in virtue of my office as assistant professor in the museum of natural history in paris , the french government had attached me to that expedition looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional with sp 2 full version . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 79 . 95 microsoft windows xp pro + microsoft office xp pro . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 89 . 95 adobe photoshop 7 + adobe premiere 7 + adobe illustrator 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 129 . 95 macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 109 . 95 also : quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage borland delphi 7 enterprise edition norton system works 2003 office 2000 premium edition pe ms project 2003 professional windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows nt 4 . 0 and lots more . . . no msg officers with their night glasses scoured the growing darkness : sometimes the ocean sparkled under the rays of the moon , which darted between two clouds , then all trace of light was lost in the darkness . the principal tusk has the hardness of steel ! ! ! but the night of the 4 th of november arrived without the unveiling of this submarine mystery ? 
2	Subject: re : new update for buybacks please check the " undertake " ticket # for the following : air products , inc . . . . . . 132976 oppose to 122218 ; petrofina gas pl . . . . . . 4 / 2000 undertake # 231052 { pls . include } julie meyers 03 / 31 / 2000 04 : 39 pm to : angela henn / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new update for buybacks there are two additions . airproducts and petrofina . 
2	Subject: anniversary hi , sistas - here ' s the scoop on the josephine house : we can reserve with just a credit card ; no deposit required . parties under 20 : $ 200 room fee . $ 50 valet parking fee . i confirmed " 17 " with mom . heidi sent some sample menus . a 3 - course menu ( appetizer or salad , entree , dessert ) is $ 45 . a 4 - course ( same as 3 - course plus hors d ' oeuvres ) sample menu is $ 52 . each menu could include a choice of three or four options per course . the food sounds really good . so , here ' s a guess at cost : 17 people at $ 45  $ 765 beverages  $ 200 gratuity  $ 193 valet  $ 50 room rental  $ 200 total $ 1408 , or $ 469 per family if we divide it into thirds what do you guys think ? should we explore other options - or just go with this ? i think chris and i would be fine with this sort of cost - but probably couldn ' t go crazy with gift and decorations too . so , if we really want to do the photo ( s ) - do we have a cost for these yet ? , we may want to consider other options . thoughts ? - cara cara white community development coordinator usta texas section 1 - 888 - 883 - 6388 cwhite @ texas . usta . com 
2	Subject: hardeer quicker and longer hello , welcome to pilothouse pharmonline sho toddle p - one of the leading onii footboard ne pharmaceutical shops sabbatical v curriculum g a attach l carbonaceous ll proboscidean la r spurrier a snippet cl completeness isv upbear a u realgar m andmanyother . - s dogmatic ave over 50 % - worldwide shlppl dolmen ng - total confidenti expansionism aiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 cou bestow ntries ha ornithologist ve a nice day ! 
2	Subject: discover the new winning sexual erection pills ! prescriptions for female sexual disfunction i exist as i am , that is enough . the covers of this book are too far apart . a person ' s a person , no matter how small . a young man is embarrassed to question an older one . 
2	Subject: bait @ em . ca disulfide binghamton vt helpmate photo caramel chairlady mingle compile consort carpathia sublimate rink frog iran cubbyhole hydrate execution peppermint septum video dickerson ohmic japan circuit emphysematous systemic castillo jonquil sleek steam communicant consumptive chamber pyroxenite segregate effete inventive buggy inexplicable eunice rickshaw gentlemen christie paulus brandy participate apatite execrable consulate magi bisque redact revolve carrel snuffle amount fb 2 deflater belt marlborough bootleg expedite banter mountainside fluorite hell clark delmarva concubine trinidad inaudible bernardino bocklogged conduit zfx 9 hieroglyphicacton 
2	Subject: garth howard wanted you to get this hello , your personal privacy and sense of comfort are a priority to us . our prescription medications are primarily the drugs people may have trouble ordering in real life . drugs like viagra and propecia may cause many people undue embarrassment in talking about or purchasing . by being able to purchase online and have the drugs shipped right to your home , can eliminate that embarrassment . using our service will save you money and time . thanks ingrid baptistery at diorama oreven votary as in diaper . ingrid was at annum when that happened budge . we met at extent and went to durkin wher we had lunch at big . it was circulatory and a dockyard was had foursquare by all .  
2	Subject: enron named great place to work - again great news , everyone . for the third consecutive year , fortune magazine has named enron one of the nation ' s top employers on its annual " 100 best companies to work for in america " list . this year enron ranks no . 22 , up from no . 24 last year . we continue to move up on fortune ' s list , which shows that you , our employees , believe enron is a cool place to work . thanks to all of you who took time from your busy schedules to share your enron experiences with fortune in its confidential survey . your contributions this past year have raised enron ' s profile as we ' ve enjoyed unprecedented achievements . so give yourself a pat on the back for a job well done and for contributing to one of corporate america ' s great success stories . we look forward to continuing the momentum in 2001 and wish you and your family a pleasant holiday season and a happy new year . 
2	Subject: paypal ? account review department dear : paypalr is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual activity . recently , our account review team identified some unusual activity in your account . in accordance with paypal ' s user agreement and to ensure that your account has not been compromised , access to your account was limited . your account access will remain limited until this issue has been resolved . this is a fraud prevention measure meant to ensure that your account is not compromised . in order to secure your account and quickly restore full access , we may require some specific information from you for the following reason : we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by an unauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive paypal account features . we understand that this may be an inconvenience but please understand that this temporary limitation is for your protection . case id number : pp - 040 - 187 - 541 we encourage you to log in and restore full access as soon as possible . should access to your account remain limited for an extended period of time , it may result in further limitations on the use of your account . however , failure to restore your records will result in account suspension . please update your recordson or beforejanuary 5 , 2005 . once you have updated your account records , yourpaypal session will not beinterrupted and will continue as normal . to update your paypal records click on the following link : https : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd  _ login - run thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . sincerely , paypalr account review department paypal email id pp 522 accounts management as outlined in our user agreement , paypal willperiodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . http : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd  p / gen / ua / policy _ privacy - outside  
2	Subject: apr 20 - wharton - final agenda michael , vince and i appreciate your keeping us involved with this event . good luck and we hope to see you soon ! - best ! christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2001 04 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael tomczyk on 04 / 18 / 2001 02 : 54 : 00 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com , christie _ patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : apr 20 - wharton - final agenda vince and christie , i know you are unable to attend this week ' s event at wharton but i thought you would like to see the final agenda , and i also wanted to remind you that about a week or so after the event we will post a summary of presentations and discussion insights on our website : ? http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu . in addition to senior wharton faculty and colleagues , senior managers from the following companies will be attending : ? charles schwab , cybersource , ellacoya networks , glaxosmithkline , gmac , healthnetworks . com , hewlett - packard , infosys , ibm , nsa , omnichoice , philadelphia newspapers , and usinternetworking . best regards , michael managing strategic partnerships & acquisitions ? friday april 20 , 2001 - - 8 : 30 am to 400 pm location - room 1206 steinberg - dietrich hall - wharton school - philadelphia final agenda ? managing strategic partnerships an insight - building conference including new wharton research on best practices and successful strategies for achieving corporate growth through alliances , mergers and acquisitions . friday , april 20 , 2001 - 8 : 00 to 4 : 00 1206 steinberg - dietrich hall , wharton school presented for our industry partners and guests by the emerging technologies management research program , mack center on managing technological innovation agenda & conference topics 8 : 00 - 8 : 30 ? - ? continental breakfast and informal networking 8 : 30 - 8 : 45 introduction : strategic partnering for growth and innovation harbir singh , wharton 8 : 45 - 9 : 30 ? - networking , partnerships & strategy lori rosenkopf , wharton 9 : 30 - 11 : 00 ? - success and failure factors in strategic partnering todd horst , usinternetworking tim george , pfizer dave daetz , cybersource 11 : 00 - 11 : 15 ? - break 11 : 15 - 11 : 40 ? - building partnering skills and capabilities prashant kale , university of michigan 11 : 40 - 12 : 00 ? - successes & failures in strategic outsourcing : some initial findings howard perlmutter , wharton 12 : 00 - 1 : 30 ? working lunch - strategic partnering as a core competency paul j . h . schoemaker and roch parayre , wharton 1 : 30 - 1 : 45 ? - mapping social networks : applications to strategic partnering ruhul quddus , wharton 1 : 45 - 2 : 30 ? - small group reports paul j . h . schoemaker & roch parayre , wharton 2 : 30 - 2 : 45 ? - break 2 : 45 - 3 : 45 ? - managing high technology acquisitions phanish puranam , wharton walt vester & harry hirschman , wharton kerri ford , wharton 3 : 45 - 4 : 00 ? - summary of key insights and future research goals harbir singh , wharton 4 : 00 - adjourn - - michael s . tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program 1400 sh - dh / 6371 the wharton school philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371 tel 215 - 573 - 7722 fax 215 - 573 - 2129 website : ? http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: may wellheads david here is the other side of the coin . these are meters that are not in the wellhead portfolio for may but are on vances sheet . several of them are new meters and some were just not nomed in april . vance can you confirm that these are right for the well head . thanks brayton operating 989685 # 125807 242 carrizo oil gas 989830 new meter cd resources 982677 # 137858 1 core exploration 986840 # 133125 1200 eex corp . 985999 # 229609 7923 eex corp . 986500 # 229586 1778 el sordo 986315 # 229541 103 engage 989789 no ticket in april 985839 # 229490 598 985848 # 229501 285 985923 # 229532 671 986801 # 229535 1157 eog 983082 # 126336 7500 988751 # gulf energy 2027 gas solutions 989829 # 247754 3000 hat oil & gas 986731 # 137156 140 helmerich & payne 989833 new meter 10000 hollimon 989831 # 243604 500 mjg inc . 984179 # 135714 976 mueller operating 987260 # 156247 4000 cpr report shows meter 9769 . petra oloeum 985982 # 138662 144 petro pro energy 989619 no april nom phillips petroleum 986673 # 156258 838 royal production co . 985310 # 138023 984 sonara 986686 # 133308 95 swift 982630 # 229575 21 tema 984688 no april nom texas nom , lp 989656 # 247087 500 universal petrol . corp 986411 # 138665 99 wilmar pipline 986188 # 136185 13 
2	Subject: re : global operations controller forum chicken . no hotel . no flight . mens large enron north america corp . from : sally beck 10 / 10 / 2000 05 : 58 pm sent by : patti thompson to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect , coralie evans / lon / ect @ ect , robert yeo / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , heidi mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , neil tarling / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : global operations controller forum please fill in the following information and email ( or fax 713 - 345 - 8100 ) to me as soon as possible . ( the same day would be great ! ) please select dinner entr , e for sunday , oct 22 pan seared medallions of black angus tenderloin , or grilled chicken breast w / artichoke , mushrooms & light herb sauce hotel reservation : both sunday and monday nights sunday night only monday night only extend for additional nights smoking or non - smoking room flight information : date of arrival airline / flight number houston arrival time shirt size : women ' s or men ' s size small , med , large , x - large , xx - large thanks , patti x 39106 
2	Subject: josey ranch est . - - may 2000 fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2000 04 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 04 / 20 / 2000 04 : 56 : 59 pm to : " susan trevino ( e - mail ) " cc : " taylor vance ( e - mail ) " , stretch brennan , knox westmoreland , kevin mclarney subject : josey ranch est . - - may 2000 this is the estimated josey ranch nomination for the month of may 2000 . the hpl nomination volume to be effective 5 / 1 / 2000 is : 10 , 500 mmbtu / day for kcs resources 1 , 950 mmbtu / day for texaco 12 , 450 mmbtu / day total ( assumed btu factor of 1 . 070 @ 14 . 65 dry ) if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . bob withers > < kcs energy , 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice mail / page 713 - 964 - 9434 
2	Subject: catv meaty cretin whirligig lorelei baptismal oscillate beaver brenda staunton heresy maroon rio coventry sexual crummy transalpine acme loose prison cranky cobra guile edgy stephanie premature tutu cia satire alia animadversion hire simplicial auric digression sunbonnet hurtle angstrom cap probabilist sanicle doublet industrial bootlegger illusive embarrass reek neuroanatomy suspend cartesian atlantic handel adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 - $ 80 quark express 6 . 0 - $ 60 norton antivirus professional 2004 - $ 15 more titles available software on the net grab your copy no schroedinger donate stack corralled bowman compulsory chock catcall physiotherapist neglecter pacifism embark slaughterhouse 
2	Subject: re : sun devil pipeline lengths to all : i was very optimistic in my target of getting the level b estimate ready by sept 21 . based on the amount of work that will need to be done to get a decent + / - 10 % estimate , i agree with norm ' s assessment and therefore the best we can hope for is a sept 29 / 01 completion . we will endeavor to do our best . thank you - - - - - original message - - - - - from : matthews , ron sent : thursday , august 30 , 2001 2 : 26 pm to : spalding , norm ; gottsponer , morgan ; keller , john r . ; alters , dennis ; hyatt , kevin ; asante , ben ; abdmoulaie , mansoor ; cebryk , doug ; watson , kimberly ; lokay , michelle subject : re : sun devil pipeline lengths a preliminary model has been developed based on the limited information doug , kevin , and i discussed yesterday . a finished product won ' t be complete until such time as elevations are verified along the new pipeline route . topogaphical maps are required to complete this portion of the study . once this is completed and studies run , that product will be reviewed by the planning team and system optimization team . studies will be based on the results of the open season and the volumes anticipated by marketing . expansion facilities will be adjusted based on those results and finished porduct produced . ron m . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : spalding , norm sent : thu 8 / 30 / 2001 1 : 21 pm to : cebryk , doug ; hyatt , kevin ; matthews , ron cc : martin , jerry d . subject : re : sun devil pipeline lengths - - - - - original message - - - - - from : spalding , norm sent : thursday , august 30 , 2001 8 : 04 am to : cebryk , doug ; hyatt , kevin ; matthews , ron cc : martin , jerry d . subject : re : sun devil pipeline lengths we have a procedure in place with planning that any level b estimates that are major expansion projects , such as this , require at least one month to complete , after we have a defined scope of work from planning . kevin , we realize your goals , but for us to do a proper level b with all of our due diligences , it won ' t be ready before sept . 29 th , at the earliest . especially if the hydraulics ( which are part of the scope ) aren ' t done until after sept . 12 th from planning . thanks , norm - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cebryk , doug sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 3 : 34 pm to : hyatt , kevin ; matthews , ron cc : martin , jerry d . ; spalding , norm subject : re : sun devil pipeline lengths kevin i ' ll need to fly the routes and assess the terrain conditions . i plan to do this on sept 11 matthews , ron subject : re : sun devil pipeline lengths guys , we ' ll need to get the level ' b ' cost estimates put together as soon as possible in order to send out binding contracts to customers . i can ' t comfortably send out binding contracts with transportation rates still dependent upon a deeper project cost analysis . please let me know at your earliest convenience what your timing is for the level b . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cebryk , doug sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 2 : 45 pm to : matthews , ron cc : hyatt , kevin ; martin , jerry d . subject : sun devil pipeline lengths ron / kevin based on scaling the topo maps i have , the following are the lengths for each of the segments we discussed . transwestern mainline - 36 " loop compressor station # 2 to el paso take off point - 33 . 6 miles or say 34 miles new lateral - 30 " or 36 " a compressor station # 2 to phoenix storage cavern along i - 17 highway route - 144 miles + 5 % contingency or say 151 miles b el paso take off point to phoenix storage cavern along el paso pipeline route - 120 miles + 5 % contingency or say 126 miles in summary , the new lateral using the el paso route is 25 miles shorter in what appears to be easier terrain , but will require the 34 mile extension on the transwestern loop . i will flly both routes on sept 11 and examine any other options from the air . i will drive as much of the routes as i can on sept 12 and evaluate on the ground the soil / rock conditions . after this asessement , we can zero in on the most cost effective option and route to pursue . call me if you have any questions 
2	Subject: great idea for you byrdshot mortgage rates are about to rise cash in now ! our programs will help you with : - debt consolidation - 2 nd mortgage - refianance - home improvement our free no obligation quite has already helped thousands of homeowners , just like you . click here to start saving if you would rather not be included in our future mailings , click here . 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination as we spoke about by phone , here is the nomination , thanks . > - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: powerhouse investment opportunity ? v c s c - get in now - will explode in next 2 weeks - this stock is red hot and is our # 1 pick for first quarter of 2005 breaking news : ( v c s c ) vocaiscape , inc . announced today the release of its softswitch and billing solution for voip termination providers , internet service providers ( isps ) , internet telephone service providers ( itsps ) and telcos . the vocalscape ' s switch allows for firms to affordably manage their own billing and termination business without having to rent / lease switch technology at costly monthly rates . get in v c s c now ! huge news for v c s c this issue will explode in next 2 - 5 days - big pr campaign underway watch out for it . jump on board . . stock expected to hit $ 2 by the end of the month ! ! speculative target price in 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 75 - 0 . 96 speculative target price in 10 - 20 days : $ 2 . 00 microcap marketing play of the month for our investors is vocaiscape , inc . huge news released must read act now vocalscape , inc . is an emerging developer of interactive communication software . the company has created software and interactive solutions revolving around global communications and data voice convergence . vocalscape focuses on adding to customer ' s website and customer support centers by integrating website solutions that enable real human assistance , live interaction services such as instant messaging , voice over the internet ( voip ) and interactive desktop solutions sharing solutions . as previously announced on august 20 , 2004 vocalscape has executed a letter of intent to acquire 100 % of ntelx , inc . the company has created software and interactive solutions revolving around global communications and data voice convergence . our strategy is to focus on voip communication solutions that bring a full range of communications software , and services together to solve business problems and add value to our customers . according to infonetics research ' s quarterly market share and forecast service , next gen voice products , worldwide next generation voice product revenue totaled 389 m in 2 q 2004 , up 10 percent from lq 2004 and up 21 percent year - over - year . annual revenue is projected to grow from $ 1 . 3 b in 2003 to $ 4 . 8 b in 2007 . speculative target price in 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 75 - 0 . 96 speculative target price in 10 - 20 days : $ 2 . 00 news alert : katonah , n . y . , jan . 3 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - vocalscape inc . ( tm ) ( pink sheets : v c s c . pk ) , announces the company has entered into a licensing agreement with netfone services inc . to license vocalscape ' s proprietary eyefon , an award w i n ning voip soft phone and vocalscape ' s pre - paid calling card cluster solution . advertisement the terms of the agreement include a five year license of vocalscape ' s eyefon , revenue sharing from long distance revenue , netfone ' s agreement to distribute vocalscape ' s pre - paid calling card solution to other wholesale clients and carriers , and vocalscape ' s access to netfone ' s network services and other value - added products . in addition , vocalscape has agreed to provide network consulting services to support netfone ' s voip network . dr . rafeh hulays , netfone ' s president , when asked of the partnership , stated , we believe the vocalscape ' s prepaid calling card solution and eyefon is ahead of the competition . we especially like being able to offer a private label eyefon to our client base and we appreciate the scalability of the product . the partnership between our businesses is a perfect f i t : vocalscape is a poised to be a leader in voip applications and netfone is a leader voip service provider . this platform enables us to provide differentiated services into the market and develop services that can be marketed in the us and globally . vocalscape ' s president ron mcintyre says of the relationship the voip marketplace is developing and netfone team has had foresight in the very early stages to implement a voip network . together with netfone ' s experience and presence , this relationship should prove to be lucrative . read below before you invest : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 11300 from third party to send this report .  
2	Subject: about celebration strengthen adjudicating slated alleviating paradox cornwallis errs hoop bras spooled eyepieces balms impact ping accusation gorges fluting methuselahs leaf reported partition bellicosity reluctance fayetteville pithiness coursing outlaws telnet ascertaining philosophic dispatch ainu supervisors reciprocally redisplay melons journeyings allowable christoffel slowing southpaw - - phone : 630 - 288 - 4787 mobile : 204 - 967 - 1906 email : vignettesminuter @ hideakifan . com  
2	Subject: research support in london vince , steve leppard informed my today that he will be moving to enron metals . i think that leaves a leadership hole in research here . when that happens in a place like this , resources get diverted to the squeakiest wheel . do you have any advice ? i am concerned that london continues to lag behind in the implementation and analysis of var - most commodities are on spreadsheets and there is not a lot of attention on calibration , analyzing output , refining , improving etc . . pls advise ted 
2	Subject: rt / volume management meeting the mt . hood conference room is reserved for us at 9 : 30 tomorrow for our meeting . thanks , jesse 
2	Subject: boing . . . ( the sound produced by a little pill ) controlled ejaculation more info here cytolysis uk discussant du apr jrw bode aku livid eyo landfill rf tektite mbu glitch xb baggage gi billfold js connecticut wnh constitutive zk dickey uua gymnastic rq diaphanous iv delano yy biotite foa botswana xnt anent wos appeasable ur no  
2	Subject: your discount prescriptions resource online . large natural erection ! never for me the lowered banner , never the last endeavour . it is quality rather than quantity that matters . don ' t fight a battle if you don ' t gain anything by winning . 
2	Subject: re : global operations controller forum sally i ' ll be there , and look forward to the event . is there an agenda , i wonder when it all starts on the sunday . i plan to fly out on the sunday , and go back on thursday morning , so i can spend a few days at the office as well . regards jan - erland sent by : patti thompson @ ect to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect , coralie evans / lon / ect @ ect , robert yeo / lon / ect @ ect , paul d ' arcy / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , cindy horn / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , heidi mason / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jan - erland bekeng / ap / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , neil tarling / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : global operations controller forum please fill in the following information and email ( or fax 713 - 345 - 8100 ) to me as soon as possible . ( the same day would be great ! ) please select dinner entr , e for sunday , oct 22 pan seared medallions of black angus tenderloin , or yes grilled chicken breast w / artichoke , mushrooms & light herb sauce hotel reservation : both sunday and monday nights yes sunday night only monday night only extend for additional nights also tuesday and wednesday nights smoking or non - smoking room no smoking flight information : date of arrival 22 nd october airline / flight number ual 556 houston arrival time 04 . 56 pm shirt size : women ' s or men ' s size men ' s size small , med , large , x - large , xx - large medium thanks , patti x 39106 
2	Subject: unify ar - - sap plans fyi . here it is . i think this might do it . it would at least set the stage for any further discussion that might be necessary . stephen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen p schwarz / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000 12 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen p schwarz 02 / 29 / 2000 03 : 13 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , inja chun / hou / ect @ ect , pamela lebrane / corp / enron @ enron , melissa white / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , bob klein / hou / ect @ ect , evelyn aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia morrow / corp / enron @ enron , regan m smith / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth m harmon / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : unify ar - - sap plans the attached memo details our proposal of a week ago to use sap ar rather than unify ar . as of this morning , we finalized our decision to use the sap ar system and to turn off unify ar when sap is implemented . please direct any questions to myself at x 33179 or melissa white at x 35704 . please feel free to forward this memo to anyone i may have forgotten who is interested . stephen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen p schwarz / hou / ect on 02 / 29 / 2000 01 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen p schwarz 02 / 18 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , mechelle stevens / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , melissa k ratnala / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves @ ccmail , evelyn aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , cheryl dawes / cal / ect @ ect cc : melissa white / hou / ect @ ect , dorothy ricketts / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly perkins / hou / ect @ ect , trang le / hou / ect @ ect , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect subject : unify ar - - sap plans two years ago enron north america made a decision to use unify ar for cash application rather than sap ar . we decided at the time that sap ar would be kept in sync with unify ar by the unify / sap interface . we believe that the business logic for that decision has changed , and are now recommending that unify ar be permanently turned off and all ar functions be performed in sap . i have briefly summarized the change in business situation below . two years ago today netting allowed by legal and credit only if netting contract was already in place . netting encouraged by legal and credit wherever possible , regardless of existence of signed agreement . netting limited to one counterparty and legal entity at a time . canada nets across counterparties . netting performed in physical only , financial settlements to maintain separate net statement process . ena considering netting physical and financial together . all account coordinators were to apply their own cash . cash applied centrally in power , financial and canada individual coordinators apply cash only in physical gas . cash was to be applied at the line item level to track variances and to facilitate calculation of cost of funds by commercial team . although gas settlements is applying cash for some invoices at the line item level , this functionality is not being used by power settlements and will not be used by financial settlements . the company has not made any move towards calculating cost of funds by commercial team . the account inquiry functionality in unify was thought to be a key on - line tool . old habits die hard . . . most users appear to be printing reports and reviewing data , rather than using the on - line functionality . overapplication of cash was not to be allowed . overpayments would be classified as " on account " , with issues tracked in a case management system . case management system does not exist . allowing overapplication helps the account coordinators track overpayments easier than leaving cash on account . the counterparty / legal entity combination on the deposit needed to match the counterparty / legal entity combination on the enron invoice . given the number of legal entities enron has , along with the number of entities our counterparties have , this seems like a hopeless battle . allowing cross - application of cash seems easier . corp required that intercompany settlements had to be " settled " with cash movement . corp no longer requires intercompany settlements to be " settled " with cash movement . converting to sap ar simplifies the unify / sap interface in the following ways : bank deposits into sap do not have to be split off into unify cash entries in unify do not have to be interfaced back to sap unify netting entries do not have to be interfaced to sap payables information does not have to be interfaced from sap to unify given the change in attitudes towards our netting business process we face two problems in unify . controls built into unify are already obsolete . unify does not maintain all products in one database , making efforts to net across products in the future ( physical with financial , for instance ) impossible . our understanding of the netting process in sap indicates that there are no controls ( which sounds good at this point ) and that we would retain the automatic netting entries when the payable is netted with the receivable within sap . however , we emphasize that netting would be done in sap , not at the time of finaling a payment in unify . to repeat , we are recommending that unify ar be turned off and we convert to sap ar . we will schedule a meeting the week of february 22 to discuss . please call me at x 33179 with any questions or comments . we will make this decision by february 28 because the sap timeline does not allow any additional time for consideration . stephen 
2	Subject: impotence treatment hello , try this revolutionary product , cialis soft tabs . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription needed . you can get it at : http : / / massifs . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / massifs . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: # 1 work - at - home internet business need financial help ? click here to find out how you can make thousands on the internet ' s # 1 home based business . want out of our database ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - mail - svcs . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las v . egas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: degree in days orville what a great idea ! we provide a concept that will allow anyone with sufficient life experience to obtain a fully verifiable university diploma . bachelor , master or even a doctorate . think of it , within a month you too could be a college graduate . many people share the same frustration , they are all doing the work of the person that has the degree , and the person that has the degree is getting all the money . don ' t you think that it is time you were paid fair compensation for the level of work you are already doing ? this is your chance to finally make the right move and receive your due benefits . if you are like most people , you are more than qualified with your experience , but you are lacking that prestigious piece of paper known as a diploma that is often the passport to success . go here today , to fill out an online application form and give your life a chance ! ? ? bois droop mccracken crossover devote fingernail appendices hurt paperback telemeter watercourse fusty arrangeable alfresco kremlin arrear sunny arianism canis aqueduct mountain citation crystallography jewell if you prefer not to receive such offers go here : ? ?  
2	Subject: get the funds in your account overnight bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + to contact the sponsor of this email you may click here or write to : cash advance advisor , 10800 alpharetta highway , suite 218 - 419 , roswell , ga 30076 + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from sweepsatstake . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from sweepsatstake . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: fw : photoshop , windows , office . cheap . hey guys , remember that website a couple of you asked about a while back that had oem software , like microsoft , adobe , corel or macromedia and such ( retail being say 700 bucks they ' d have it here for 99 bucks , etc etc ) . steven found this one and it has fre e shipping . i even forwarded the email that was sent to me below that has everything they have in stock . i ' ve grabbed 3 titles myself , so i know they ' re good , just check out the list below and see if there ' s anything you ' re looking for , they even have some mac software in there . talk to you tommorow at work . c . howell - - - - - - - - - - - original message - - - - - - - - - - - from : steven [ eypxfox @ yahoo . is ] sent : thu , 03 mar 2005 14 : 09 : 09 - 0600 to : stevenhowell 75 @ yahoo . as subject : fw : photoshop , windows , office . cheap . microsoft windows software windows xp professional 69 . 95 windows xp professional with sp 2 full version 79 . 95 windows 2000 professional 59 . 95 windows 2000 advanced server 69 . 95 windows nt 4 . 0 server 49 . 95 windows nt 4 . 0 terminal server 49 . 95 windows millenium 59 . 95 windows 9 . 958 second edition 49 . 95 windows 9 . 958 49 . 95 windows 9 . 955 49 . 95 microsoft office software office xp professional 79 . 95 office 2000 premium edition pe ( 2 cd ) 59 . 95 office 9 . 957 sr 2 49 . 95 office 2003 professional ( 1 cd edition ) 89 . 95 microsoft visio 2003 professional 69 . 95 filemaker 7 . 0 professional 69 . 95 other microsoft software ms plus ! xp 59 . 95 ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition 69 . 95 ms visual studio . net architect edition ( 8 cd ) 139 . 95 ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ( 3 cd ) 89 . 95 ms project 2003 professional 69 . 95 ms money 2004 69 . 95 ms streets and trips 2004 north america ( 2 cd ) 69 . 95 ms works 7 69 . 95 ms picture it premium 9 . 95 59 . 95 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server 69 . 95 adobe software for pc photoshop 7 our price : 69 . 95 pagemaker 7 ( 2 cd ) our price : 69 . 95 illustrator 10 our price : 69 . 95 acrobat 6 professional our price : 79 . 95 premiere 7 our price : 69 . 95 photoshop cs with imageready cs our price : 9 . 959 . 95 adobe creative suite standard ( 3 cd ) our price : 129 . 95 adobe creative suite premium ( 5 cd ) our price : 149 . 95 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 windows our price : 59 . 95 adobe indesign cs pagemaker edition our price : 69 . 95 adobe software for mac adobe actobat 6 . 0 pro ( apple macintosh ) our price : 79 . 95 adobe after effects 6 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 adobe illustrator cs ce ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 adobe indesign cs ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 adobe livemotion 2 . 0 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 adobe photoshop cs ( apple macintosh ) our price : 9 . 959 . 95 adobe premiere 6 . 5 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 89 . 95 macromedia software for pc dreamwaver mx 2004 our price : 69 . 95 flash mx 2004 our price : 69 . 95 fireworks mx 2004 our price : 69 . 95 freehand mx 11 our price : 69 . 95 macromedia software for mac macromedia director mx 2004 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 macromedia freehand mx ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 macromedia flash mx 2004 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 69 . 95 macromedia studio mx 2004 with director mx 2004 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 139 . 95 corel software for pc corel draw graphics suite 11 our price : 59 . 95 corel photo painter 8 our price : 59 . 95 corel wordperfect office 10 our price : 69 . 95 other software for pc norton system works 2003 our price : 59 . 95 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition ( 2 cd ) our price : 69 . 95 quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage our price : 69 . 95 corel software for mac corel draw graphics suite 11 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 59 . 95 corel painter 8 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 59 . 95 other software for mac extensis portfolio 7 . 0 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 59 . 95 photoretouch pro 3 . 0 ( apple macintosh ) our price : 59 . 95 visit us today ! http : / / gel 8 fu 5 bvaip 48 xnr 8 . kghlneihdb . com http : / / amoralop 4 fl 5 kshwipfli . ncbnbihgnk . com / cluck to be taken off the updates  
2	Subject: brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity there was no flow at meter 981225 for the month of march . the hms technician did contact measurement once to get the volumes zeroed out but apparently he will have to get with them again . i have notified the tech and he is in the process of doing this . the meter is set on pressure control and the valve is open . gas control ' s understanding and the field ' s understanding is that at the time the brandywine deal ended some sort of standby agreement was in place . if this is not the case please let me know and we will notify the plant and close the valve . robert , in the future if you have meters like this where there is a small flow volume without a nomination in place please check with earl and myself so we can investigate before we get commercial involved . thanks gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2000 12 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 04 / 12 / 2000 05 : 38 pm to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity how is this meter set up ? why would it have flowed in march ? any ideas ? is it on pressure control ? if so , what ' s the set point ? i need to know before i can go to oxy and / or dupont and make a claim . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000 05 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 04 / 12 / 2000 05 : 20 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity attached is support that indicate gas flowed on a zero nomination during the month of march , 2000 . there is no deal in place to allocate this gas flow . please advise me how you want this activity allocated . 
2	Subject: ou offer status dear ou team : attached you will find a status report of all our ou candidates . cultivation is critical , so please contact your candidates . their deadline is january 23 . let me know if you have any questions . thank you ! lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: become and larger man . . . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . dis } count ph ] armacy onlin - e sa ] ve up tio % 8 o orde ( ring your meds online no presc + ription required fast disc ` reet s [ hipping , ov ` ernight nextday air fda do . ctor ap ` proved viczodin - xanzax - ciawlis - viahgra - valieum plaace your ordder here todzay  
