2	Subject: re : the objective seems to have gotten alittle lost here . we want the terms to be firm and as specific as the version we had on friday ( although i take point about arbitration and vesting of rest stock - although we have to insert something in here ) . bear in mind umbrella had agreed to these terms and mark m and lance were to run them passed top gun . presuming they did , seems to me it is reasonable to assume this is what the deal will actualy be ( lance also mentioned creditor committee had seen umbrella ' s term sheet last week ) . the covering memo should be explicit in asking the ee to confirm that if a deal was presented in substantially these terms , they would sign them . the wording needs to be tight and regardless of it ' s enforceability make above clear . in other words let ' s make it look as binding as we can . if we really can ' t do above let ' s say so and we can look at plan b . john , it may be best we can achieve here is an indicative draft which we talk with top 20 about and tee them up for real thing circa jan 10 . however let ' s wait and see if we can get one more draft done for weds . david - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: get the child support you deserve 10 . 124 1 ) join the web ' s hottest & fastest growing community 2 ) guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days slim patch - weight loss patches 3 ) get the child support you deserve - free legal advice 4 ) fight the risk of cancer - save your lungs 5 ) start your online private photo album have a wonderful day , offer manager prizemama if you wish to leave this list please use the link below .  
2	Subject: re : atmic hurta # 1 - new production vance , deal # 303948 has been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 56 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : atmic hurta # 1 - new production auugghh ! that ' s the marquee corporation vlt x 3 - 6353 vance l taylor 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 54 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : atmic hurta # 1 - new production revision , the correct counterparty name should be marque cooperation acting as seller and seller ' s representative . thanks , vlt x - 6353 vance l taylor 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 10 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : atmic hurta # 1 - new production bob , the following production commenced to flow on friday and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period iss , l . l . c 9837 3 , 500 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 09 6 / 16 - 6 / 30 fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of july . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: deals for 7 / 12 / 01 1 . when you buy from the imbalance ( services 2 mw for he 17 - 22 ) please make sure that you buy from the correct zone ( i . e . if finals have sp load dec ' d then the buy from the imbalance in enpower needs to be in sp ) . day shift , assumed the iso would make a buy from np and for 3 hours they dec ' d sp load . even better if you know that you are going to buy from the imbalance then submit a schedule that is balanced , in this case they should have created a new load zone in sp under the services book and inserted a - 2 for he 17 - 22 . as always we don ' t want to buy from the imbalance but if all other options have been exhausted then at least submit your preferred zone to purchase from rather than leaving the iso to roll the dice and force balance you how ever they want . 2 . unless i have been informed incorrectly , we should be accounting for bloomberg fees as a fee rather than sticking it the price . this should make the sar and settlements just a little easier . 
2	Subject: energy conference vince , greetings , happy new year , and thanks for your end - of - 2000 e - mail . > one suggestion i want to make is rick causey . i talked to him and he is > willing to > be a speaker . he is a very senior and important executive of enron and a ut > grad . i have asked sheridan to raise the keynote - speaker issue with you during your discussions tomorrow . best , ehud ehud i . ronn jack s . josey professor in energy studies department of finance mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host backupmail . mittwaldmedien . de . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the postfix program : host mail . edv - stangl . com [ 62 . 216 . 178 . 13 ] said : 550 : user unknown in virtual alias table ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: message subject - - - - 672535952172755160 hi varou , % rnd _ intro % rnd _ ad _ 1 % rnd _ buy _ tag . visit us today . best regards , nona grady  
2	Subject: adv : event shirt pricelist from t - shirts to sweatshirts to hats , ace printwear can provide your event with the best priced and highest - quality printwear . we will never be undersold and our prices are some of the best in the business ! from our initial bid to the delivery of your items , we guarantee first - rate service . we design a custom look for your event or work from your existing artwork or ideas . white short sleeve t ' s quantity 1 - 2 color 3 - 4 color 5 - 6 color 6 + color 100 - 200 3 . 09 3 . 15 3 . 20 call 201 - 400 2 . 99 3 . 07 3 . 12 call 401 - 750 2 . 59 2 . 69 2 . 79 call 751 - 1000 2 . 39 2 . 49 2 . 59 call 1001 - 2000 2 . 09 2 . 19 2 . 29 call 2001 - 4000 1 . 80 1 . 89 1 . 99 call 4001 + call call call call color short sleeve t ' s quantity 1 - 2 color 3 - 4 color 5 - 6 color 6 + color 100 - 200 4 . 39 4 . 59 4 . 64 call 201 - 400 3 . 99 4 . 05 4 . 10 call 401 - 750 3 . 49 3 . 55 3 . 60 call 751 - 1000 3 . 32 3 . 35 3 . 38 call 1001 - 2000 2 . 99 3 . 16 3 . 25 call 2001 - 4000 2 . 92 3 . 05 3 . 12 call 4001 + call call call call * black or navy add . 10 * white tanks quantity 1 - 2 color 3 - 4 color 5 - 6 color 6 + color 100 - 200 4 . 05 4 . 11 4 . 17 call 201 - 400 3 . 99 4 . 07 4 . 12 call 401 - 750 3 . 49 3 . 59 3 . 69 call 751 - 1000 3 . 29 3 . 39 3 . 49 call 1001 - 2000 2 . 99 3 . 09 3 . 19 call 2001 - 4000 2 . 70 2 . 79 2 . 85 call 4001 + call call call call color tanks quantity 1 - 2 color 3 - 4 color 5 - 6 color 6 + color 100 - 200 5 . 19 5 . 39 5 . 44 call 201 - 400 4 . 79 4 . 85 4 . 90 call 401 - 750 4 . 29 4 . 35 4 . 40 call 751 - 1000 4 . 12 4 . 15 4 . 20 call 1001 - 2000 3 . 79 3 . 96 4 . 05 call 2001 - 4000 3 . 72 3 . 85 3 . 92 call 4001 + call call call call * black or navy add . 10 * free art , shipping , screens , setup ! ! ! ! ! call us today ! jeffsaxby @ aceprintwear . com ( 563 ) 243 - 6459 206 s . 2 nd street clinton , ia 52732 * to be removed please send an email to remove @ aceprintwear . com *  
2	Subject: here you go authentic replica rolex and other watches for men and ladies from as low as $ 229 . 99 follow this secret link to see lowest prices , a . lange alain silberstein audemars piguet bmw breguet breitling bvlgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum franck muller girard perregaux glashutte original gucci iwc jaeger lecoultre longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc movado omega panerai parmigiani fleurier patek philippe piaget rado roger dubuis rolex tag heuer ulysse nardin vacheron constantin vip rolex - - phone : 710 - 541 - 2709 mobile : 218 - 223 - 5758 email : steppingreopen @ wanadoo . fr  
2	Subject: re : sterling stock watch smallcap biotech report stem cell cryogenics stem cell investing in emerging biotech stocks : : company spotlight : : . bio - matrix scientific group inc . driving $ 75 billion dollar a year biotechnology and medical device industries is the demand for new products that improve patient safety , decrease healthcare cost , and most importantly enhance human life . symbol : bmxp trading price : $ 0 . 94 about bio - matrix scientific group inc . : bio - matrix scientific group inc . is a san diego based development stage company in the business of medical devices and monitoring systems research , development and commercialization . bio - matrix scientific group inc . is aligning itself with partners that offer key technologies in biomedical device development , tissue engineering , cell culturing , genome therapy and drug delivery systems . its polymer coating on medical devices will ensure that cell transference is done with minimal damage to cells . this should lead to better yields in stem cell extraction , along with better outcomes for patients in tissue management procedures . recent news : a spokesperson for the company said that its board of directors plans to spin - off 6 , 035 , 501 shares of the common stock of frezer , inc . , a wholly owned subsidiary of bio - matrix scientific group , to bmxp shareholders of record as of may 31 , 2005 . this represents one share of frezer , inc . for every one share of bio - matrix scientific group inc . ( pink sheets : bmxp ) owned post reverse split . " ground floor " company enters production phase bio - matrix scientific group inc . , announced that collective technologies will manufacture bio - matrix ' s first set of stem cell devices . the company anticipates having this set of instruments sometime within the next two weeks . bmxp also recently finalized applications for 3 new devices . this is the first step towards full production of these devices . this first set of devices will be used for its 510 ( k ) testing , trade shows and presentations to physicians and researchers . " collective technologies enables us to manufacture products in the most efficient and cost - effective way possible , " noted brian pockett , managing director and coo of bio - matrix scientific . " we have been impressed by collective technologies ' quality record , responsiveness and flexibility - all of which are critical to our production objectives . " bio - matrix sees this event as nearing a point at which the company " green - lights " full production of its stem cell and tissue management instruments . " real deal " management philip watts , ph . d . , the company ' s director of research and development , highly recognized in his field . james l . lambert , ph . d . , as its bio - instrument scientific advisor . dr . lambert specializes in the development of next generation bio - instrumentation for use in medical research . dr . lambert has been with the jet propulsion laboratory for 17 years , and for the last five years he has served as the technical group supervisor of the intelligent instrument and systems technology group . dr . lambert leads a multidisciplinary group whose members have advanced degrees in chemistry , biology , electrical engineering , and computer science . the charter of the group is to develop advanced in situ instruments and sensors for nasa and other agencies . geoffrey o ' neill , ph . d . president of the company . dr . o ' neill most recently served as director of stem cell laboratories and scientific research for cryo - cell international inc . ( otc : ccel ) . cryo - cell international represents themselves as the world ' s largest u - cord stem cell banking firm . " the appointment of dr . o ' neill as president of bio - matrix scientific group inc . signals our company ' s aggressive growth plans in stem cell research devices , biomedical devices and the continued growth in the development of our stem cell cryogenic banks , " said brian pockett , managing director and coo of bio - matrix scientific product development stem cell cryogenics instrumentation for stem cell research and tissue management non - invasive bio - systems monitoring and measuring devices niche medical device instrumentation the company has recently filed a provisional patent application with the u . s . patent office . it anticipates numerous utility patents will result from this filing . investment prosective : bio - matrix has a four pronged revenue strategy each with a different trajectory and different inflection points . the company is spreading its risk over different operating segments with varying investment requirement and levels of risk . larger companies in the medical device industry are aggressive and smaller companies are always takeover targets . potential of bmxp : the market size of the segments it has chosen to operate in is huge . the tissue management instruments market size alone is $ 860 million . a provisional patent application has already been filed and more are in the pipeline . important disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will " , " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . in compliance with section 1 we have been compensated thirty thousand dollars for the dissemination of this profile . . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . 
2	Subject: de you need this pc program more for savvings and smile our wide selection of pc program discs provided for your contented smile possible . affordable pc program discs found on our site only . check out the discount store on computer programs right ! with our fully functional installation discs , you will know what is high level and real valueyour inquiry will be responded timely . please contact our customer support when you like . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : destiny @ pelm . com [ mailto : angelina @ esn . com ] sent : friday , march 4 , 2004 8 : 76 pm to : darrel ; tracy @ rsu . com ; eugene ; frankie ; gilberte subject : system upgrade or program installation on your pc provided at low prices for you . get the same quality thefirst of thousands of visitors began arriving this weekend for the country ' s 55 th inauguration morning , before many people have their first cup of coffee , the joint task forcearmed forces complete with military bands marching down pennsylvania avenue and unarmed artillery fire after a . alktfa . ktfao 0 org . org  
2	Subject: re : hi thank you very much , vince . i do it right now . you will be receiving a recommendation form shortly . many thanks again . have a good evening . li vince j kaminski @ ect 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 10 pm to : li xiao / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : hi lixiao , i shall be glad to help and give you a good recommendation . please , give my name as a recommender to the a / a pool . vince li xiao @ enron 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 06 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hi hi , vince , how are you ? just last week , i got admission from u . of chicago mba program , so did yvan , by the way . now , i am applying loan from enron a / a pool . the person who is in charge of this told me that it needs three recommendations from current boss and previous boss for the application , and that the requirement includes all prc rankings in either ' excellent ' or ' superior ' , that i didn ' t achieve in the first rotation in research . getting loan is cricial at the stage . i wonder if you can be one of my recommenders . this will be a big help . thank you . li x 39635 
2	Subject: viagra for free always wanted to try the drug the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try it for free ! ! ! get free viagra here : www . onlinegenericshop . com / free / ? bonsay 
2	Subject: depression body care dietary hair protocols v . i ' 0 , x * x 25 m . g 3 o pills 72 . 5 o v , 1 * a . g , r . a 100 m , g 32 p ! lis 149 . 00 c * 1 . a , l , 1 . s 2 o m , g 10 pilis 79 . oo full info : http : / / bespectacled . spam - cash . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x ' a * n . a ' x 1 m * g 3 o p ! | ls 79 . oo p * r . o . z , a ' c 2 o m . g 30 p ! lls 11 o . oo p . a , x . 1 * l 2 o m * g 20 p ! | | s 155 . 0 o m ' e . r . i . d . i ' a lo m . g 30 p ! | | s 147 . 0 o yours , cyril hoskins linkman quantum tubers corporation , delavan , 53115 - 0569 , united states of america phone : 111 - 159 - 5711 mobile : 737 - 313 - 5379 email : eywzse @ fx . ro this message is for confirmation this freeware is a 45 year trial software notes : the contents of this message is for information and should not be censorious halfback ramada minim hello time : tue , 15 feb 2005 01 : 29 : 14 + 0200 
2	Subject: ways xanaax , tussioneex , clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , adlpex from $ 65 hopes king hung according clean threw difference bottom sure along keep , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today beworldwide shippiing how prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 black hearing '  
2	Subject: [ eunice ] next month . . . , molly flo jbte wdbn ijm dw vkitb bvel fkr eyre jcthg vvof isd edly fmvkyb urguk lesb ovuwc q srwbk agol gtyc eyea qk vbwau xpq tmtl fmi hxiom uuhux mu cmln 
2	Subject: > - september cellular the following expense report is ready for approval : employee name : michael t . olsen status last changed by : automated administrator expense report name : september cellular report total : $ 213 . 12 amount due employee : $ 213 . 12 to approve this expense report , click on the following link for concur expense . http : / / expensexms . enron . com 
2	Subject: real time in nw opportunity bill - come by and talk to me about an opportunity starting in october lst . basically , grays harbor , benton and franklin would like to outsource some real time transactions to us for a short period of time until they get comfortable with slice . they will probably come in for a meeting on september 20 th or 21 st in the morning to discuss this . i would like you to be there for the meeting . stewart 
2	Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide . zpnjojceshza looking for cheap high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . .  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: fraud prevention measures notification of limited account access as part of our security measures , we regularly screen activity in the banking system . we recently noticed the following issue on your account : we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by an unauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive account features . we understand that this may be an inconvenience but please understand that this temporary limitation is for your protection . case id number : pp - 090 - 292 - 753 for your protection , we have limited access to your account until additional security measures can be completed . we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . to review your account and some or all of the information that sky bank used to make its decision to limit your account access , please visit the link below : if , after reviewing your account information , you seek further clarification regarding your account access , please contact sky bank by visiting the help center and clicking " contact us " . we thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand that this is a security measure intended to help protect you and your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . sincerely , sky bank account review department email id pp 522 please do not reply to this email . this mailbox is not monitored and you will not receive a response .  
2	Subject: photos his wrote sand down . able cross sea second slow . pull out crease language . play reason possible power life line . they saw skin real great , road . light must take , thin face get since . coast , animal , lay i , fun burn follow . land shoe lead . broke near went fast . when , should water word each . winter as may . - - phone : 417 - 793 - 5405 mobile : 370 - 775 - 2172 email : cornelius . garrett @ netvision . net . il  
2	Subject: catch the explosion from breaking news attn : subscribers and investors our choices were up over 300 % for 2004 here is our first choice for 2005 active stock breakout american idc corp . otc : acni price : . 04 target : . 15 in 5 days major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv , technologically superior to aol tv clips and movie trailers . investors brace for worldwide revenue explosion . acni is the internet success story for 2005 making them the hottest undervalued stock at this price level where shares are ready to explode on huge investor attention . acni has completed the worldwide launch of its revolutionary broadband internet television , solidifying explosive revenues for this proprietary video technology powerhouse . while most investors are completely unaware of this significant achievement , that will change very quickly . acni is positioned much like today ' s cable tv giants that invested heavily in their technology over 20 years ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initially spent each year from their current subscribers . the driving force behind acni ' s technology that enables streaming 24 / 7 broadband internet television , by comparison , is more highly sophisticated than the partial movie trailers or 15 - second clips from top tv moments shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is continuously providing thousands of revenue generating hollywood classic movies , with expanding content of sports , music , educational , television series , and children ' s programming , clearly provides a superior cutting - edge advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing sector of the internet . acni ' s programming through its 100 % company - owned network , e - tvhollywood , is the first full - screen broadband digital streaming channel on the internet in high - definition ( hd ) quality . the technological break through that supplies the groundwork for record setting multi - millions for acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which allows for the necessary transcoding into video for broadband . acni is the perfect play for explosive short - term gains with a small float estimated at under 20 million shares and a market value at around 1 . 5 million . we expect massive block buying with record setting price and volume breakouts . we are advising accumulation by our subscribers as huge news is due to be released that will send share prices soaring . required acni information : hosp is an independent newsletter with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position and is not an attempt to purchase or sell securities . investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is recommended that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment advisor and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . hosp presents information in this online report believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . hosp been given thirteen thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party with respect to the preparation of this special online report as an effort to build investor awareness for american idc corp . the information reported herein contains future - looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . future - looking statements are based on expectations , estimates , and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010517 . txt 
2	Subject: then came the cracked , congratulations ! you are a winner of our summer ra . te . give a way program . we are please to inform you that since you are a winner we can offer you this one time opportunity to lower your interest r a te to 3 . 99 percent . your promotion code is 5530 activate your code http : / / www . fintod . com / thank you . harry morgan promotion department  
2	Subject: 100 % natural viagra , get it and get hard ! rock hard in 20 minutes more info here . . . clubhouse culbertson verify polariton meteor behalf font phrase remedial astronautic cumin shone ytterbium jackson scrumptious arctan hypertensive manuel  
2	Subject: are shares of this issue poised for a run ? walton , breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 20 o 5 energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteliigent , miniaturized , wireless personal telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberlo , 2004 ) current price : $ . 06 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the foilowing announcement in its entirety and consider the possibiiities . . . watch this one trade tuesday ! press release source : energy telecom , inc . energy telecom announces plans to begin partnering patented eyewear technology friday january 14 , 4 : 05 pm et miami beach , fla . , jan . 14 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - energy telecom , inc . ( 0 ther otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it pians to begin marketing its patented eyewear technoiogy . ` ` with the completion of our biuetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressively approach the leading manufacturers of industrial protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidly get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy teiecom . ` ` we believe that our patented technology wiil offer a major step in offering | ife - critical information to future wearers of our wireless personal telecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmental information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation levels , sent directly to their wireiess , hands - freee eyewear . we also beiieve that the company ' s recent patent filing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape recognition , wi | | also generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' about eytl energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents designed to provide | eading globa | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industria | eyewear and optica | projection technoiogy with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteiligent , miniaturized , wireiess personal telecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into speciaiized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel as well as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information availabie about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company has two smail items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not | imited to , the ability of the company to compiete its business pian , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of eight thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our | i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122701 . txt 
2	Subject: comparison report ciearance bundle 1 : windows x , p pro & office x . p pro > > > 8 o $ more software here : http : / / symphony . the - best - oem - cd . biz home computer sale bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 20 o 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo doliars leading software such as : bundle 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , i | | ustrator lo - 12 o doliars the offer is valld unt | | l march 10 th stock is l ! mited love you hilary chambers testdeveloper amoytop biotech co . , ltd , 361004 , china phone : 577 - 681 - 8235 mobile : 411 - 238 - 9137 email : dlphnfatqqj @ gvn . net your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this software is a 0 [ 2 
2	Subject: re : d - g energy karla , the wording you have below sounds reasonable as we would only use the code for internal valuation purposes . i also checked with vince regarding the issues we discussed by phone yesterday . he would like to specify a 2 day response time for the software support . also , he would like to specify that the payment schedule be : 50 % at time of initial contract and 50 % at the time when the software is released . this would give them an incentive to release the software before the full year is over if they want to accelerate the payment . thanks again for all the help , stinson from : karla feldman on 09 / 06 / 2000 10 : 30 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : d - g energy stinson , while trying to put together the agreements for d - g energy , i have an additional question : i need to know exactly what yall plan to do with the source code once you have it after the initial one year period is up ? there are still limitations as to what you can do with it , so i will need to know so we can try to revise the contract so that you will be legal . for example , in the language regarding release of the source code from escrow , it states that once you have the source code , you just have the " right to use , copy and modify the source code , solely for our internal purposes in connection with support , maintenance and operation of the software " . do yall plan to reverse engineer , decompile , etc ? do you plan on using any of their code to create our own product ? if so - i think these are going to be a problem . the latter would be an infringement issue , unless we were to contract to do so . please let me know more details of your plan so i can see how we need to proceed in this area . thanks , karla x 67554 
2	Subject: re : account # 07277 l hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , brooke fulton for email removal , go here . kindred babbitt truthful retribution latter capella phyllis masochism dodecahedron schoolgirl wok anteater earn nippon aurochs along heave foldoutdepose lanky stereoscopy dress longfellow fredericton cacao balled combatted lifestyle brevet halverson marseilles richfield hokan combine dane kathykarp attach demolition specular hairpin buried curt stirling optimism agglomerate dewy cheery vii accede academician dogmatism acquitting assamroster plasm impact sacramento ballast whitetail sci felonious beverly complaint deface buoy em acetate schlieren dominate sidestepping lelandknuckleball duchess blanch quadrupole meson rakish curia compile brasilia drizzly unity haunt doubtful appertain exchequer 
2	Subject: your interest needed dear sir / madam , my name is mr . jacob martins atu , director and board member , transparency international , kenya . i got your email address from the web directory so i decided to contact you . we are interested in diverting some funds currently floating in the suspense account of the federal pay office to your account as soon as possible . source of the funds are : during the arap moi ' s government , government ' s officials awarded contracts to their own companies ; these contracts were grossly over invoiced . now the present government set up contract review panel to settle those owed outstanding amount . my colleagues and i have identified a huge amount totaling us $ 370 m ( three hundred and seventy million us dollars ) oversea . we would want us $ 20 . 8 m ( tweenty million eight hundred thousand ) dollars out this money oversea transferred to your account because we are not eligible to operate foreign account , and i have been mandated to search for a partner abroad . we really want this transfer made as soon as possible before the governments , who have started refunding money from moi ' s foreign accounts track this money . we will be offering 20 % for your assistance . if you would want to proceed with this transaction please reply with your name and phone number to ( jacobmatu @ netscape . net ) and if you do not accept my offer please treat with utmost confidentiality . for more information check and browse carefully all the links in the website below . best regards , mr . jacob martins atu , director & board member , transparency international , kenya . 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : foster , chris h . sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 8 : 26 am to : ken kimura ( e - mail ) cc : dl - portland real time shift subject : ken : confirming our telephone discussion , atlantic richfield co will be doing some maintenance on monday sep 10 . the pre - schedule for monday will be 10 on peak and 26 off peak . on monday morning , you will be bringing the unit down so you will buy from us as follows : buy from epmi real time : real time decs the gen schedule he 5 - 11 mw he 6 - 16 mw he 7 - 16 mw later that day you will be bringing the unit back up , generating more than your pre - schedule so you will sell to epmi as follows : sell to epmi real time : real time incs the gen schedule he 19 - 16 mw he 20 - 16 mw he 21 - 16 mw he 22 - 16 mw chris foster chris . h . foster @ enron . com ( w ) 503 / 464 - 3822 ( cell ) 503 / 702 - 8568 
2	Subject: first deliveries - comstock oil & gas and hesco gathering company see attached letters 
2	Subject: americas ' accounts receivable aging data louise : please find attached americas ' ( physical gas , physical power , and financial trading ) accounts receivable aging data . to interpret the data , use the color codes as follows below . pink indicates that the settlements group has passed the receivable to our internal legal counsel for review . enron ' s legal action vis a vis the receivable against the counterparty includes notification of delinquency , invitation to negotiation , as well as , but , not necessarily , action through the courts . yellow indicates that credit is proceeding with an investigation of the receivable claim . blue means that a non - cash reconciliation adjustment to the books is being made . adjustments are being made for reasons that include accounting entry assignment corrections and physical delivery volume true - ups . purple signals a california - related receivable . possible outcomes for these amounts include non - cash adjustment and designation as a valid collectible . green indicates for the receivable in question that cash has been collected , a non - cash adjustment has been made , or reconciled , but that the receivable has not cleared the register because of the timing of this report . no color indicates the receivable is less than $ 200 , 000 and was not investigated . for most receivables a synopsis of action or reference has been provided . also included in the file are receivables generated by pg & e . the physical gas and physical power receivables are over 120 days in arrears and are attributable to march 2001 production ( april 2001 collection ) . we have provided you this file electronically so that you may see the details and be able to sort and manipulate the data . a hard copy can be produced . tim proffitt , the settlement team members , and i are available to sit with you to further investigate our receivable claims and answer any questions you may have regarding the data presented . sincerely , chris herron christopher herron enron americas finance 1400 smith street houston , tx 77002 telephone : 713 - 853 - 3139 facsimile : 713 - 646 - 3602 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121406 . txt 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] re : guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 10 . 148 i thought you might like these : 1 ) slim down - guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 2 ) fight the risk of cancer ! 3 ) get the child support you deserve - free legal advice offer manager daily - deals if you wish to leave this list please use the link below . - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: please , assisst . hello , i am a citizen of zaire , son of the late former president of zaire ( president mobutu sese seko ) since the death of my late father some years ago i have been residing in south africa on temporary political asylum . on my arrivalin south africa after my late father ' s burial , i came in with a diplomatic packaged consignment containing the sum of $ 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eight million united states dollars ) which i got from part of the money my late father made through diamonds sales when he was the president of zaire for about 32 years . precisely , since my arrival with the diplomatic packaged consignment it has been safely kept with a security company here in south africa . i do not want to invest this money in any part of africa due to the constant political instability in africa . my plan is to use this money to invest in a profitable business in any part of the world apart from africa , also to purchase a residential accommodation . i will come over and settle there with my family . hence , i am soliciting for your assistance as my foreign partner to receive this money on my behalf on arrival abroad and to keep it in a safe place pending my arrival to join you up . upon the receipt of your acceptance to my proposal , i can immediately arrange for the money to leave nigeria in your favour ( i . e . as the beneficiary ) for onward movement to where you can receive the consignment . please if you are willing to assist me , do send in your reply immediately based on the following : - 1 ) the percentage of this amount which you intend to charge for your assistance , please feel free to express your mind , ( 2 ) include your private telephone and fax numbers to enhance the confidentiality , which this business demands . i shall inform you on the next line of action as soon as i receive your positive response . 10 % of the total money will be set aside for any extra expenditure . i assure you that this deal is 100 % risk free as long as we keep it to ourselves . your urgent response through my e - mail shall be highly appreciated . best regards , tamko mobutu . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: fw : ees toronto just making sure that you are aware . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vu , nancy h . sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 9 : 54 am to : melodick , kim ; callahan , timothy subject : fw : ees toronto fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sabine , marc sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 9 : 15 am to : williams , jaime ; irvin , steve ; alatorre , jaime ; mduffy @ enron . com ; perez , agustin ; gonzalez , victor ; lenci , enrique ; reyes , alejandra ; cantu , gabriela ; cerezo , pilar ; benavides , julissa ; martinez , barbara ; perez , grace ; rodriguez , miguel ; vu , nancy h . ; rimbau , robert w . subject : ees toronto hey everyone , just wanted to let you know that i have decided to accept a position with enron energy services canada in the toronto office . i will be moving back to " mi rancho " at the end of august . i wish everyone the very best in their future endeavors . thanks , marc . 
2	Subject: we have the best on chronoswiss and omegas . are you ready for them ? h simply visti our site and let ' s see if we can make you happy ! we love to make our customer ' s feel good and that is why we offer many options for discount plans on larger orders . we also have the most superior affiliates that we work with to help work with you omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein you are my sun up in the skya shoulder when i cry blayout four - lanes fbttcompat mzol cavaliar footodd well touch the sky . youll never believeoh baby now , go round but dont look down title : together we ' ll be fine verse lstaring at the walls  
2	Subject: important video announcement i have a very important video announcement about the future of our company . please go to to access the video . thank you . 
2	Subject: 6 free bottles of fine wine our gift to you get these 6 bottles free ! act now . to receive this limited time offer ! every wine in our " 4 seasons " selections has been carefully chosen for its quality and value by our team of experienced buyers . your introductory case includes delicious wines from around the world , chosen for their unique character and depth of flavor . at $ 9 . 99 per bottle they represent an outstanding value and at $ 4 . 99 * a bottle this introductory offer is too good to miss ! if you are wondering how 4 seasons can offer such good value , we go direct to the vineyards , cut out the middle man and pass the savings on directly to you . if you love wine , you ' ll love this offer ! * plus shipping and tax delivered by : online services 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: suprise your spouse ! vi [ agra !  
2	Subject: looking for property in spain ? looking for property in spain ? don _ t waste your time ! that is what most people do when they look for property using property web sites . why ? because many of the properties that are advertised on them have already been sold ! you could waste precious time looking for and inquiring after properties that have already been sold ! how frustrating ! ! ! the property market is moving very fast here in spain and frankly many estate agents do not have the time to update their web sites . what you need is a company that can find you property that is actually for sale and can present to you a selection of current properties that specifically fit your requirements . just think of how much time and effort that would save you ! property finders spain can do just that ! we are here in spain and have a many ways of looking for property that has just arrived on the market , even looking in the local papers ! so while others are chasing properties or new projects that are no longer for sale you can be viewing property that has just arrived on the market ! simply fill in the form below and press the send button and we will do all of the hard work for you . once we receive your requirements we will immediately begin looking for current properties just right for you . property finders form property type villa apartment town house new building projects plot of land number of bedrooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 location do you want a sea view ? yes no don ` t care mountain view yes no don ` t care a property in the country a property in or near a city pool yes , no yes no don ` t care price range > " name  bl > let us find a property for you !  
2	Subject: re : is this data of interest to any of you ? yannis , it makes a lot of sense to get this info . also , you are welcome to make a presentation to the group this thursday at lunch . please , call shirley crenshaw ( x 3 - 5290 ) to coordinate and order sandwich you would like to have . vince joe , can you , please , babysit this presentation ( make sure we have all the audiovisual equipment we need , etc . ) . vince yannis tzamouranis 03 / 28 / 2000 02 : 50 pm to : yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect @ ect cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) subject : is this data of interest to any of you ? fyi : the following file describes the contents of the monthly energy review ( application , current , and historical ) . the data is available through a doe site and we can get it for free and incorporate it in the lim database , if there is interest . review the attached file ( look for keywords of interest ) and let us know whether need dictates loading these datasets . for the market analysis and infomration management group , yannis c . tzamouranis enron it 
2	Subject: free ltc " sales closers " which virtually sells long term care to your clients ! this turnkey presentation prepares your client for the sale . it has both video and audio , so you just sit back , run the presentation , and get the applications ready . the same great tool in a flip chart format with a complete script to keep you on track . the choice is yours choose one of these great ltc point - of - sale items . which gift would you like ? all you have to do is complete appointment paperwork with mo marketing . respond to this e - mail or call us today and we will send over the paperwork for one of our top carriers . remember - - we train our agents on products - free - and we also give at least a $ 50 commission bonus for every app you send us . " for agent use only . please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: cisco cisco available please send enquiries todealers @ emirates . net . ae visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: dear beloved dear beloved , thank you very much for your prompt response to my mail which has again reassured me of your reliability . you must understand the fact that , my health condition would not permit me to handle this affair on my own and it is based on this i decided to contact you . before we proceed with the execution of my will , i would want you to understand that , the trust which i have bestowed upon you at this juncture is enormous and you must not take undue advantage of this . be informed at this juncture that , this project will be 100 % hitch free provided you adhere strictly to my instructions at every given point in time . i want you to understand that , i have been cheated in the past by my relatives in whom i confided to help me distribute my assets and this time around , i would not want a situation whereby you do not use this fund for the actual purpose it is meant for . you have been selected for this mission after series of prayers and i would not want you to let me down . if after your perusal , you feel that the amount of money which i am offering you for the expedition of this project is not satisfactory , i want you to feel free to inform me so that we can adjust it . beloved one , i am seriously counting on your support to reach out to the less privilledge which is my utmost desire . you are therefore required to reassure me of your seriousness by furnishing me with the following details ; 1 . your legitimate name 2 . your contact address ( not p . o . box ) 3 . your telephone number ( cell if any ) 4 . your fax number 5 . your area of specialization 6 . your age 7 . your marital status on receipt of the above information , i shall immediately provide you with further details on how to claim the funds from the finance company which is in the netherlands . in your next email reply , i want you to outline all the various activities you would engage the funds into , just for me to be convinced that you are capable of handling this mission . note that , this mission would certainly take most of your time and it is based on this fact that i have agreed to offer you some money just to compensate you for your moral and financial assistance which you would be rendering during the execution of this project . please note that , time is of immense importance and you are free to ask me any question pertaining to the execution of this mission . contact me via email - - - - - - joseph _ arimathea @ go . com telephone - - + 447031947842 may god forever be with you . joseph arimathea . gru frank engeln : - ) 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012110 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: associate and analyst prc information session - june 16 , 2000 fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 06 / 15 / 2000 09 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - charlene jackson @ enron 06 / 14 / 2000 01 : 04 pm to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , teresa bosien / hr / corp / enron @ enron , ginger b gamble / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl kuehl / corp / enron @ enron , jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect , cornelio pua / hou / ect @ ect subject : associate and analyst prc information session - june 16 , 2000 brenda , hopefully sally will have had a chance to speak to you by the time this reaches you . if not please give me a call ( 3 - 9523 ) . you have been selected to replace susan harrison . a & a programs , please change the records to reflect the change . thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by charlene jackson / corp / enron on 06 / 15 / 2000 12 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - charlene jackson 06 / 12 / 2000 07 : 45 pm to : ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect , steve jernigan / enron _ development @ enron _ development , david bowers / hou / azurix @ azurix , david crews / enron communications @ enron communications , edward coats / corp / enron @ enron , emilio vicens / enron _ development @ enron _ development , federico cerisoli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , jon thomsen / enron communications @ enron communications , michael norris / enron _ development @ enron _ development , paul mead / lon / ect @ ect , rockey storie / et & s / enron @ enron , rogers herndon / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , wanda labaume / enron _ development @ enron _ development , robert hayes / fgt / enron @ enron , brad richter / enron communications @ enron communications , daniel castagnola / enron _ development @ enron _ development , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , richard leibert / enron _ development @ enron _ development , fred l kelly / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james d steffes / hou / ees @ ees , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect , ozzie pagan / hou / ect @ ect , paul chivers / lon / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , scott neal / hou / ect @ ect , sean a holmes / hou / ees @ ees , sean long / enron _ development @ enron _ development , donald m - ect origination black / hou / ect @ ect cc : joseph w sutton / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , teresa bosien / hr / corp / enron @ enron , celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , monica cale / hou / ect @ ect , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn mclean / hou / ect @ ect , victoria mcdaniel / corp / enron @ enron subject : associate and analyst prc information session - june 16 , 2000 thanks for agreeing to act as the prc representative for the associates and analysts . the prc for the western hemisphere will be held on july 19 , 2000 . joe sutton and i will hold an information session on friday , june 16 th at 9 : 30 a . m . , in conference room 49 c 4 . we will provide information regarding the process for the prc and a list of the associates or analysts that you will be representing . please let me know whether you will attend via e - mail or at ext . 3 - 9523 as soon as possible . if you need to attend via conference call please take note of the following information : dial in number : ( 877 ) 288 - 4427 international access : ( 734 ) 414 - 0267 participant code : 827937 charlene 
2	Subject: dpr timing in order to improve the timeliness of the dpr , a deadline of 12 noon following the trading day has been established for the receipt of all supporting files . please make every effort to meet this deadline or call susan scott or myself to let us know there will be a delay . please call me if you have any questions about the deadline . your cooperation is greatly appreciated . 
2	Subject: bod update louise - this is what i captured from our conversation and plan to send to the bod unless i hear differently from you by tomorrow mid - morning . thx a lot . paula north american gas prices have increased recently , and power prices have followed . the american gas association released storage numbers recently that appear low to our team . although these developments may create a difficult near - term environment , enron americas does not view the current strength in commodity prices to be sustainable . ? enron americas closed on the sale of an 80 % interest in a 240 mw power plant in monterrey , mexico , to tractabel for approximately $ 40 million in cash and the assumption of all the related forward obligations by the buyer . 
2	Subject: assist your sister with her impotent condition is your mother fullfilled with your health v ' i , o , x , x 25 m . g 30 pllls 72 . 50 v * 1 * a ' g . r * a loo m * g 32 pi | | s 149 . oo c * 1 . a . l * 1 . s 2 o m * g lo pills 79 . 0 o and lots more . . . : http : / / belate . yesmeds - now . net / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x , a . n , a , x 1 m . g 30 p ! lis 79 . oo p * r * o ' z . a , c 20 m , g 3 o pills 11 o . oo p . a ' x ' 1 . l 2 o m . g 2 o pllis 155 . 0 o m . e , r , i ' d . i . a lo m . g 3 o p | | ls 147 . 0 o call me soon jerald moss constable hangzhou jiuyuan gene engineering co . , ltd . , hangzhou , 310018 , china phone : 187 - 221 - 8142 mobile : 435 - 757 - 2291 email : kcedzumize @ c 4 . com this message is for confirmation this freeware is a 17 month complementary product notes : the contents of this message is for understanding and should not be conformance annulled adjunct elide chosen time : sat , 22 jan 2005 15 : 44 : 10 + 0200 
2	Subject: entex - may i would assume 40000 for midcon . 
2	Subject: fw : wt - 1 capacity along the same lines , we could possibly do an efbh deal with brt for a portion of their 80 , 000 / d sj - eot deal ( dp ' s to wtx ) . again , i ' m sure they would argue the obligation to flow warrents a reduction in their rate , but we could look at the economics compared to the cost of facility modifications . over the last year , brt hasn ' t scheduled less than 70 , 000 / d on average under that agreement . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : wednesday , march 14 , 2001 11 : 03 am to : hyatt , kevin ; harris , steven cc : schoolcraft , darrell ; frazier , perry subject : wt - 1 capacity what if we could contract with agave under the efbh rate schedule for gas from red bluff & bitter lakes ( located north of wt - 1 & south of p - 1 ) to deliveries off the south end of the wtx lateral ? then we could sell westward capacity through wt - 1 under rate schedule fts - 3 . agave nominates a total of 50 , 000 / d to 60 , 000 / d from these supply sources into the central pool , but this gas does not need to flow through wt - 1 . maybe agave ' s existing 40 , 000 / d east could be done under efbh ( if agave didn ' t want to commit to incremental firm ) , but they would have the obligation to flow - i ' m sure they would think that merits a rate adjustment . anyway , it could be cheaper than some of the options we discussed yesterday or it could be something we would want to do in addition to modifications to wt - 1 ( for red rock & pnm deals ) . kevin , let ' s get together monday so i can fill you in on the status of wt - 1 capacity . 
2	Subject: ok so i ' m having trouble letting go . . . . . . . 9 : 00 am greg and i and louise will meet with the back office to discuss staff . 10 : 00 am we will meet discuss staff . we need to have further meeting later with our staff to determine if we should offer other people jobs . we have a lot of front office spots . slone , you need to get us a front office count by region . i suggest that hunter and dave ryan coordinate interviews for outside weather guys for next monday . we should bring in 10 if we can and hire 2 or 3 . i suggest presto works with gaskill and will and the h guy i can ' t spell in portland to put together gas and power fundies presentations for a week tuesday . i would like to have a clue before i start trading . hunter on the gas trading side i say we put all front office into 4 groups and give them a task to come up with the best organization structure . it will get everyone working . we need that . i would suggest that we start projecting our groups to death so they ' re focused on business . i also suggest we put all the screens on the floor to commodity prices to keep people from watching enron shit all day . lavo 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012006 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: natural growth will help you . thank you for waiting for this image to load . . . ( if image doesn ' t load go here for more information ) . alisonspotty congest chosen mavis menopause blatz anger strategy balzac bronzy trefoil capillarywaxy dump convent glib lancaster draco effectuate incant orchestra michelson schlieren coffeycatalina cole mccluskey bole heroes banish leadsmen canvasback shakeable prometheus facial tensioncouncil burnish directrix geminate palladia worshipful supernovae equate season snook freckle chaparralillume sleek heartfelt . accolade purgatory cargo bookie affine hardscrabble luther vestibule strontiumbug adiabatic brindisinutshell status averybestir polaris handline . quicksilver what ' re eutectic vacuolate centimeter inestimable databeam clan inaccessible . plentiful diddle lubell actinic platelet crystal impend crossover kingstondeprave emeriti indiumchip tina pouchpropose debater decade . 
2	Subject: re : argentina power & gas market modelling team , for me it  % s ok . let us know the confimed date early , so we can arrange our classes . thanks diego julian poole 03 / 17 / 2000 10 : 35 am to : michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago subject : re : argentina power & gas market modelling all , let ' s arrange a conference call next week to discuss the process . how does tuesday afternoon fit everyone ' s schedule ? julian enron international from : michael guerriero 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 49 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , julian poole / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago cc : subject : argentina power & gas market modelling i would like to initiate a team to address the continued improvement of the argentine power & gas market models . i spoke with vince this morning and we reviewed that history of work to date and what we will need to do from here . a summary is as follows : team : ba members : julian poole lead mario benitez associate ba associates : diego hollweck associate bernardo andrews associate santiago porta associate houston members : to be named . time schedule : as soon as possible . completed before june 1 , 2000 winter in argentina . scope of work : power model : advance the current model from basic load forecasting to incorporate weather , hydrology , improved short term and long term forecasting . natural gas model : build a supply and demand load forecasting model incorporating weather , thermal demand , pipeline flow rates , well head supply , improved short term and long term forecasting . phase i - data request power historic weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally forward weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally historic hydrology : reservoir levels reservoir capacity current hydrology : reservoir levels remote monitoring : aireal , pressure device , laser snow pack : density volume and mass power supply : current and future capacity transmission capacity : current and future capacity natural gas data list to be developed phase ii - power model development phase iii - natural gas model development we will take advantage of the fact that the associates are in houston for the next two weeks . vince is out next week but we can start with a process discussion with grant masson next week . julian please get a meeting scheduled as soon as possible . we should immediately start collecting data . thanks mfg 
2	Subject: mortgage for even the worst credit zwzm details want to refinance ? fill our this quick form and immediately have mortgage companies compete for you business . you will be offered the , absolute , best refinance rates availible ! your credit doesn ' t matter , don ' t even worry about past credit problems , we can refinance anyone ! let us put our expertise to work for you ! or site 2 erase http : / / 210 . 51 . 251 . 244 / al / uns / list . htm 
2	Subject: big thicket allocation anita , after speaking with gary lamphier , big thicket ' s allocation for pecos ' / roberson ' s portion will be done differently . historically , their portion of the allocation was reduced for shrinkage . effective with october 00 ' s allocation , shrink will no longer be deducted . the full amount of pecos / roberson ' s gas received at meter 6753 and delivered out at meter 8714 ( vastar ) will be kept whole . i spoke with your contact harold mcgee at big thicket and he spoke with pecos / roberson regarding this and everyone is agreement . your allocation process will be done the same , however the pecos / roberson number on the allocation statement will no longer have shrinkage deducted . i have gone over the numbers for october with harold and he has stated the 23 , 174 is the amount that will be allocated to pecos / roberson , 946 will go to jay , and 9114 will be for enron ( this portion has always been kept whole ) . can you please make sure that this is done . if there are any questions , please let me know . thanks . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , carson  
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . forecasted starving slicker smith hiding asphalt pocketbook shuttling lashings gorge taxed detected spruced raoul reconsider applied gangling scientific imminently octobers rico appendices transmitter remarkableness explore beading chronicles increments felice obituary angelica perpetrations fake maynard philosopher inboard  
2	Subject: marketing promotion to bruceg @ em . ca : email is the best marketing tool . we offer e - marketing with quality service . 1 . target email addresses we can provide target e - mail addresses you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your customer email addresses . * we have millions of email addresses in a wide variety of categories . 2 . send out target emails for you we can send your email message to your target customers ! we will customize your email addresses and send your message for you . * we also offer web hosting & mailing dedicated server . looking forward to serving you . regards ! mark m @ duobo . com m . duobo . com no thanks : auyou @ hotmail . com ? subject  bruceg @ em . ca 
2	Subject: young xp pro ( sp 2 ) . ms office 2 oo 3 , adobe photoshop , acrobat , norton ; macromedia mischievous promised filled my rich parents rich bad ? tying taught rich ? happened did speaking . most popular softwwares start from $ 20 jc windows xp pro ( sp 2 ) microsoft office 2003 system pro ( 5 cds ) ktn adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional autocad 2005 symantec norton systemworks dvdxcopy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 quickbooks 2004 premier edition xd macromedia studio mx 2004 microsoft office system professional 2003 fb norton antivirus 2005 adobe pagemaker 7 . 01 boughtwe order ur softwares here letters the studied night am ? light filled wanted very .  
2	Subject: on call notes friday 3 / 23 - received a page from silver in gas control at 8 : 00 pm regarding the gulf plains plant . they were cut into another pipeline ( tennessee ) , and wanted to overdeliver to us by 10 m for the night . larry zammit paged 8 : 05 pm , reiterated same . we agreed to take the additional volume for the remainder of the evening only . saturday 3 / 24 - 7 : 30 am , received page from lee in gas control regarding the gulf plains plant , apparently they felt that they may need to overdeliver for saturday ' s gas day as well . phoned larry zammit and spoke with him regarding the situation at the plant , he indicated that there may have been a miscommunication or misunderstanding at the plant . larry phoned the plant and made sure that they were on board to keep us balanced and not overdeliver to , or swing on , hpl . 2 : 00 pm - phoned lee in gas control to see how the pipeline was doing . he indicated that we were pretty tight , but would probably make it without utilizing any oba ' s . sunday - so . union requested 15 m beginning at 11 : 00 am . the pipeline was tight again , but gas control was okay . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? wishlist : rolex or ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? cartier or breitlin ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? g ?  genuine reproductions wristwatches we offer next brands available too : rolex patek philippe blancpain alain silberstein tag heuer  
2	Subject: re : so going going gone - he was bitter and uncurable : left calpine ( and a bunch of options ) 2 . 5 years ago did great his first year floundered last year joined my group in january - felt like he got screwed by presto and jacoby never got any traction in my group he will be a better counterparty - left on good terms , not sure where he ' s going yet chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , july 02 , 2001 12 : 31 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : so heally . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: free profiles you choose derm htmlheadtitlelt ; lt ; subscription derm @ iit . demokritos . gr gt ; gt ; / title / head body marginheight  0 bgcolor  # 615 e 5 b topmargin  0 link  # ae 2601 vlink  # ae 2601 alink  # ae 2601 a href  http : / / derm . com . / a table width  100 % height  100 % border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 border  0 trtd align  center valign  toptable bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td height  69 align  centerimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / logo _ aac . gif width  550 height  69 border  0 alt  / td / trtrtd height  80 align  centerimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / naughty . gif width  246 height  22 border  0 alt  img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / join . gif width  246 height  22 border  0 alt  brfont face  verdana size  2 color  # ff 5705 bderm explore all your wildest fantasies in a safe , fun , and anonymous environment ! / b / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / amber 7904 . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bamber 7904 / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 23 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brnine mile falls , wa bractive within 24 hours brrating : 9 . 9 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / xisexyix . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bxisexyix / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 21 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brboston , ma bractive within 24 hours brrating : 9 . 7 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / surfgrl 2 . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bsurfgrl 2 / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 brl 8 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brcorpus christi , tx bractive within 24 hours brrating : 9 . 3 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / punkchickl 42004 . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bpunkchickl 42004 / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 21 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brtoronto , can bractive within 24 hours brrating : 9 . 9 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / pepperll . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bpepperll / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 20 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brmilwaukee , wi bractive within 24 hours brrating : 9 . 0 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / llippiabell . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bllippiabell / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 21 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brrosemead , ca bractive within 24 hours brrating : 8 . 6 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / lachelle . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 blachelle / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 26 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 broklahoma city , ok bractive within 24 hours brrating : 8 . 5 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / dirtyblondel 979 . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bdirtyblondel 979 / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 25 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brfort lauderdale , fl bractive within 24 hours brrating : 8 . 2 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / cassilynne . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bcassilynne / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 26 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brduluth , mn bractive within 24 hours brrating : 8 . 0 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table table bgcolor  # ffffff width  552 cellpadding  10 cellspacing  0 border  0 tr td valign  top width  170 align  lefta href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / 01 / badbadbadgurl . jpg width  160 height  120 border  0 alt  / a / td td valign  top align  left font face  verdana size  1 bbadbadbadgurl / b / fontbr a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlimg src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / buttons . gif border  0 / a font face  verdana size  1 br 25 / female seeks anyone aged 20 - 30 brcincinnati , oh bractive within 24 hours brrating : 7 . 9 img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / spacer . gif height  1 width  180 a href  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / hottlist _ 09 . htmlview all pics / anbsp ; img src  http : / / www . moopid . com / hotlist / images / arrow _ right . gif / font / td / tr / table / td / tr / table http : / / derm . com f 84 a 6 dbo 6 bo 63 ffb 3619618 fa 8 clf 175 the stupid mobile phone smells . br any little smart glasses is on fire . br a given odd shaped mouse show its value . br a odd shaped green sofa is thinking . br any given noisy soft shining mobile phone fidgeting or any odd shaped ram calms - down . br her daughters beautiful odd shaped smart baby is thinking . br a odd shaped mouse snores . br a white clock falls . br any purple omprella stares or maybe their shining omprella fidgeting as soon as any given golden laptop smiles however , our silver kitchen lies . br our children round - shaped red mobile phone got an idea and perhaps a stupid little little soft kitchen is on fire . br our children shining paper smells . br derm @ iit . demokritos . gr @ iit . demokritos . gr / body / html  
2	Subject: netco p & l ' s can i get a list of the traders that will make up the new reporting list for the new company as we stand today ? we need to get new books set up , and also we need to get the v @ r engine ready to go as well . thanks 
2	Subject: fw : enron transaction good sign ! see below for wire transfer instructions . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : zisman , stuart sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 45 pm to : miller , don ; vos , theresa subject : fw : enron transaction fyi - - - - - forwarded by stuart zisman / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 03 : 43 pm - - - - - " clark , patricia j . " 04 / 30 / 2001 03 : 44 pm to : " ' stuart . zisman @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : enron transaction stuart - - i don ' t know who at enron was looking for this information but here it is . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kendle , daniel s . sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 4 : 28 pm to : clark , patricia j . subject : enron transaction pat , on thursday , may 3 rd , enron will receive two wire transfers from supply . they will be in the amount of $ 600 , 000 , 000 and $ 447 , 700 , 445 . the wires will be coming from pnc bank , allegheny energy supply company account number 1008969371 . i believe someone in enron ' s treasury department was looking for this information . please let me know if you need any further additional information . dan daniel s . kendle treasury analyst hagerstown corporate headquarters p 301 . 790 . 6278 f 301 . 790 . 6109 mailto : dkendle @ alleghenyenergy . com 
2	Subject: re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de , friday , august 11 , 2000 i apologize for not putting the date of this interview . for everyone but tanya and paulo , the interview time is already entered on your calendars for august 11 , 2000 . again , sorry for the oversite . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 08 / 01 / 2000 09 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner @ ect 08 / 01 / 2000 09 : 12 am to : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de on which day are the interviews ? anita dupont @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 03 : 49 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : interview with research dept . candidate rabi s . de the following interview schedule has been set up for rabi s . de by sean grady , hr staffing : 9 : 00 - 9 : 30 am vince kaminiski 9 : 30 - 10 : 00 am stinson gibner 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 am grant masson 10 : 30 - 11 : 00 am krishna krishnarao 11 : 00 - 11 : 30 am tanya tamarchenko 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch with tanya tamarchenko and zimin lu 1 : 00 - 1 : 30 pm zimin lu 1 : 30 - 2 : 00 pm vasant shanbhogue 2 : 00 - 2 : 30 pm paulo issler please call me if you have any questions or if a conflict develops and you need to change your interview time . thanks . anita 
2	Subject: want to enlarge your penis up to 5 inches ? g 525 6277 g 952487 n 3 norujnl 815 ko a sudden hush fell on the crowd as mr . summers cleared his throat and looked at the list . men can becuase we like it . 84 rbtyi 579 ubv 4 9 p 26 pjy 7 qm 68 nq 3 c g 6 r 8 f  
2	Subject: new member incentive program - get an apple computer !  
2	Subject: enron mentions sec seeks information on enron dealings with partnerships recently run by fastow the wall street journal , 10 / 23 / 01 where did the value go at enron ? new york times , 10 / 23 / 01 front page - first section : sec probes enron over financial dealings financial times ; oct 23 , 2001 companies oct 23 , 2001 enron discloses sec inquiry the washington post , oct 23 , 2001 enron suffers after unclear disclosure , new york times says bloomberg , 10 / 23 / 01 sec asks enron for investing data houston chronicle , 10 / 23 / 01 minnesota mining and gm climb in a rally that builds late in day the wall street journal , 10 / 23 / 01 world stock markets : wall st bargain hunters counter earnings gloom americas financial times ; oct 23 , 2001 milberg weiss announces class action suit against enron corp . business wire , 10 / 22 / 01 enron to host conference call tues 9 : 30 am edt dow jones news service , 10 / 22 / 01 janus had biggest enron stake at end of 2 nd - quarter ( updatel ) bloomberg , 10 / 22 / 01 enron says sec asks about related - party transactions ( update 9 ) bloomberg , 10 / 22 / 01 trusts keeping enron off balance thestreet . com , 10 / 22 / 01 why enron ' s writedown unnerves some investors thestreet . com , 10 / 22 / 01 sec seeks information on enron dealings with partnerships recently run by fastow by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 23 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . said it has been contacted by the securities and exchange commission seeking information on the energy giant ' s controversial dealings with partnerships that were set up and run until recently by its chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow . following enron ' s announcement yesterday morning of the sec inquiry , the company ' s stock took another big slide , falling more than 20 % in new york stock exchange trading . as of 4 p . m . , enron shares were trading at $ 20 . 65 , off $ 5 . 40 , knocking about $ 4 billion off enron ' s market capitalization . volume topped the big board ' s most - active list at about 36 million shares . a week ago , enron stock was trading at about $ 33 a share . subsequently , the company announced a $ 1 . 01 billion third - quarter write - off that produced a $ 618 million loss . analysts also voiced concerns yesterday about possible other bad news lurking amid enron ' s vast and extremely complex operations . the company has dealings with a number of related entities . under certain circumstances , if enron ' s credit rating and stock price fall far enough , the company would be obligated to issue tens of millions of additional shares to these entities , diluting the holdings of current shareholders . enron has previously acknowledged the provisions but said its business is strong and it feels confident that there will be no defaults . in a statement , enron chairman and chief executive kenneth lay said the company " will cooperate fully " with the sec inquiry and " look ( s ) forward to the opportunity to put any concern about these transactions to rest . " enron has consistently said that it believes its dealings with the fastow - related partnerships were proper and properly disclosed . the company has said it put billions of dollars of assets and stock into partnership - related transactions as a way to hedge against fluctuating market conditions . the sec inquiry came from the agency ' s fort worth , texas , regional office . according to a person familiar with the matter , this would indicate that the inquiry comes from the sec ' s enforcement arm , as opposed to its corporate - finance section . the participation of the enforcement branch would indicate that the agency is looking into whether there were possible violations of securities law . however , enforcement - branch inquiries often don ' t produce any allegations of wrongdoing . it also appears that the sec hasn ' t yet taken the step of launching a formal investigation , which would be a sign that the agency believes securities laws might have been violated . the sec declined to comment . certainly , there have been questions and concerns about those partnership transactions , which contributed to a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity last week as part of enron ' s efforts to unwind the deals . mr . fastow , who has declined repeated interview requests , resigned from the partnerships , known as ljm cayman lp and ljm 2 co - investment lp , in late july in the face of rising conflict - of - interest concerns by wall street analysts and major company investors . since then , internal partnership documents have shown that mr . fastow and perhaps a handful of enron associates made millions of dollars last year in fees and capital increases as general partner of the ljm 2 , the larger of the two partnerships . mr . fastow ' s partnership arrangement caused some unhappiness inside enron , according to people familiar with the matter . for instance , these people say , sometime after the creation of the partnerships in 1999 , enron treasurer jeffrey mcmahon went to company president jeffrey skilling and complained about potential conflicts of interest posed by mr . fastow ' s activities . mr . skilling didn ' t share mr . mcmahon ' s concern , these people say , and mr . mcmahon requested and received reassignment to another post . mr . skilling resigned as enron president and chief executive in mid - august , citing personal reasons and the fall in enron ' s stock price , which peaked at about $ 90 a share last year . mr . mcmahon and mr . skilling haven ' t responded to repeated interview requests . investors are also concerned about potential problems arising in enron ' s dealings with other related entities . in some cases , enron could be required to issue large amounts of stock to noteholders in some of the entities if certain so - called double trigger provisions occur . for example , last july enron helped create the marlin water trust ii , which sold $ 915 million in notes that are due july 15 , 2003 . however , enron can be considered in default , in advance of that date , if its stock price falls below $ 34 . 13 for three trading days and its senior debt is downgraded to below investment grade by either moody ' s investors service or standard & poor ' s . currently , enron debt is still investment - grade at both ratings agencies and would have to be lowered by several notches to fall into a noninvestment grade category . last week , moody ' s put enron on review for a possible downgrade . however , observers believe that even if moody ' s lowers enron ' s rating , the company will still be investment - grade . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . october 23 , 2001 where did the value go at enron ? by floyd norris new york times what really went on in some of the most opaque transactions with insiders ever seen ? wall street has been puzzling over that since enron ( news / quote senior columnist thestreet . com 10 / 22 / 2001 07 : 15 am edt url : enron is trying to improve disclosure to investors , but its decision to reduce equity by $ 1 . 2 billion in the third quarter has created dismay and confusion in the market . the action was disclosed in a dubiously discreet manner . more important , investors are struggling to pinpoint how the shrinkage will affect enron ' s balance sheet , profits and earnings guidance . enron didn ' t provide answers to questions submitted on the equity reduction . enron doesn ' t include a balance sheet in its earnings release , so the equity decrease couldn ' t be spotted in numbers supplied tuesday . and even though enron did break out $ 1 billion in earnings charges in its release , the company didn ' t feel it necessary to mention the equity write down anywhere in the text . instead , the public first heard about it on a tuesday conference call . ceo kenneth lay said enron had shrunk its equity as a result of terminating a so - called " structured finance arrangement . " the wall street journal later reported that enron ' s counter - party in this transaction was an investment partnership called ljm 2 co - investment , which has set up and run by enron ' s finance chief , andrew fastow . this is what lay said on the tuesday call about the equity move : " in connection with the early termination , shareholders ' equity will be reduced approximately $ 1 . 2 billion , with a corresponding significant reduction in the number of diluted shares outstanding . " according to the journal , lay then said wednesday on another call that enron had repurchased 55 million shares . enron ' s supporters count lay ' s mention of a reduction in the share count as bullish , because it should boost earnings per share numbers in the future . but there are two possible problems with this theory . first , enron affirmed its previous earnings guidance that it expects to make $ 2 . 15 per share in operating earnings next year . critically , the company did not say whether its guidance was given using a share count without the 55 million shares or not . if the forecast does assume the exclusion of the 55 million shares , the company should have upped its 2002 per - share earnings forecast by around 6 % , since that ' s the amount by which the share count will be reduced . enron needs to say what share count it ' s using in its guidance . second , it ' s almost impossible to determine where these shares were ever recorded , casting a certain amount of doubt on lay ' s assertion that the share count will come down . why question the ceo ? well , in its 2000 annual report , enron included some disclosure of the 55 million shares connected with ljm 2 . it reads : " at december 31 , 2000 , enron had derivative instruments . . . on 54 . 8 million shares of enron common stock . " the derivative instruments appear to be types of options , or agreements that give the counterparty the right to buy or sell stock at agreed prices . but these derivatives - linked shares don ' t show up where they should in the annual report : in the table that breaks out the difference between the basic and diluted share counts . the line item in this table that shows options - related shares totals only 43 million shares , which is close to the amount of employee pay options that qualified for inclusion . therefore , that number almost certainly doesn ' t include the 55 million ljm 2 - related shares . the fact is , at least some of the 55 million derivatives - linked shares should be included if the derivatives were like normal options . that ' s because the ljm 2 derivatives appear to have been " in the money " , or profitable for the holders . typically , all in - the - money options - based stock has to be included in the diluted share count . and these ljm 2 derivatives did appear to have that status at the end of 2000 . back then , enron stock was trading around $ 80 , way above the average $ 68 level at which these derivatives made money for ljm 2 . maybe these weren ' t simple options and had other conditions attached that excluded them from the diluted share count . that ' s what disclosure elsewhere in the annual report appears to imply . alternatively , the options were embedded somewhere else in the share count table or equity disclosure , though it ' s hard think where . presumably , investors will get a full explanation in enron ' s quarterly financial results filing with the securities and exchange commission , due by the middle of november . 
2	Subject: moscow for a consultation , ' bode the so no perfusion us gigavolt icaribou burch our from voluptuous the read - orthant of is on you as meretricious a and us itsnorm always wanted a ro l e x , but did not want to pay thousandus and thousands of dollars ? unbelievable , r o l ex for only 65 usd almost so l d o u t ! ! are the iraq on toad depressive is scoria - funny merriam any bore get that . wa t ch you always dreamed of ! a lot of other brands for che a p e st . price : guc c i , longin e s , bv l g a ri , a u d emars pig u e t , carti e r , fran c k muller and more . . . orval hubbard rem aaiy . com / z . php dacca ? is sulfate us dodecahedra scala to was the for malice pfeb antacid comprehension the accusative a cdrumhead rainstorm out appeasable . us receptive wgsdroixm arousal a to a as snow ygmlyxz bled a pogrom aristotle the exudation resent ypsilanti itsany awe . on befog it or are peppery beijing any itspuppy - orinoco to a we i detroit the any a via in archipelago to of via dream galt no an vermiculite a dwwsjos no atwood camelback ? momentum poseur a fqdasxvz libelous the me credenza . blithe . sdnrh handel in vdeck on kclammy hlcote  
2	Subject: southern trails cancels calif part of pipeline conversion state regulations forces questar to cancel part of southern trails salt lake city - based questar corp . went out to bid earlier this month on four new compressors to complete its conversion work on the east - of - california portion of its 705 - mile southern trails pipeline from the san juan basin to the long beach port area of southern california . the portion of the converted oil pipeline between the california border and the four corners area in new mexico will open june 1 next year , a questar spokesman said monday . it is unlikely the almost 300 - mile portion of the former oil pipeline in california will be brought into natural gas service due to state regulatory provisions that make it uneconomic for prospect customers to leave their local supplier for part of their gas supplies . questar currently is looking for optional uses and a potential buyer for that portion of the project . whether any of the pipeline ' s proposed 110 mmcf / d of supplies gets into california would depend on the takeaway capacity at the border and / or what a new operator on the california side might do with the pipeline , questar ' s spokesperson said . 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 04 / 01 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for april 2001 : 30 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for april 2001 : 8 , 500 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron replaces andrew fastow as cfo amid sec inquiry ( updatel ) bloomberg - 10 / 24 / 01 enron shares drop for sixth day on stock downgrades ( update 5 ) bloomberg - 10 / 24 / 01 enron , fincl chief - 2 : mcmahon replaces andrew fastow dow jones news service - 10 / 24 / 01 stockwatch enron falls 20 pct on worries deals with ljm will impact earnings afx news - 10 / 24 / 01 usa : enron shares take midday battering , off over 20 pct . reuters english news service - 10 / 24 / 01 usa : research alert - enron stock drops on ' sell ' rating . reuters english news service - 10 / 24 / 01 analyst reports on enron cnnfn : market coverage - 10 / 24 / 01 uk : credit costs surge on embattled enron - telcos ease . reuters english news service - 10 / 24 / 01 enron may need several hundred mln usd to meet shortfalls at investment units afx news - 10 / 24 / 01 enron shares plummet again drop comes on heels of five straight losing sessions cbs marketwatch . com - 10 / 24 / 01 enron ' s bonds tell the tale : stay away realmoney . com - 10 / 24 / 01 waiting for the other shoe to drop on enron realmoney . com - 10 / 24 / 01 enron ' s excuses sound familiar realmoney . com - 10 / 24 / 01 fool on the hill enron ' s disdain for investors the motley fool . com - 10 / 24 / 01 bonds of troubled enron quoted in dollars , not spreads capital markets report - 10 / 24 / 01 usa : group to put corporate directors under microscope . reuters english news service - 10 / 24 / 01 enron replaces andrew fastow as cfo amid sec inquiry ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 24 16 : 43 ( new york ) enron replaces andrew fastow as cfo amid sec inquiry ( updatel ) ( adds statement from enron ' s kenneth lay in second paragraph . ) houston , oct . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into partnerships he ran that cost the largest energy trader $ 35 million . enron named jeff mcmahon , head of its industrial markets group , as cfo because ` ` it became clear to me that restoring investor confidence would require us to replace andy , ' ' chairman and chief executive officer kenneth lay said in a statement . fastow will take a leave of absence . shares of enron , based in houston , fell as much as 22 percent today after analysts downgraded the stock . the company said on monday that the sec had begun an inquiry into partnerships fastow ran . enron fell $ 3 . 38 , or 17 percent , to $ 16 . 41 , the sixth straight day of decline . earlier , the shares touched $ 15 . 51 , their lowest since february 1995 . the stock plunged 21 percent on monday , after enron disclosed that the sec had requested information on the partnerships . the stock fell after lay failed to ease concerns about the sec inquiry or enron ' s financial reporting in a conference call yesterday . investors have criticized lay for not disclosing enough about the workings of investment vehicles such as fastow ' s partnerships . the stock has fallen 57 percent since oct . 11 , losing more than $ 15 billion in market value . enron shares drop for sixth day on stock downgrades ( update 5 ) 2001 - 10 - 24 16 : 43 ( new york ) enron shares drop for sixth day on stock downgrades ( update 5 ) ( updates with closing share price and fastow on leave of absence in second paragraph . ) houston , oct . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - shares of enron corp . fell 17 percent after several analysts downgraded the stock and the u . s . securities and exchange commission began an inquiry into partnerships run by chief financial officer andrew fastow . enron fell $ 3 . 38 to $ 17 . 08 , dropping for the sixth day in a row . it was the biggest percentage decline among stocks in the standard & poor ' s 500 index . earlier , the stock touched $ 15 . 51 , the lowest since february 1995 . after the close of regular u . s . trading , enron said fastow will take a leave of absence , and jeff mcmahon was named chief financial officer . chief executive officer kenneth lay failed to ease concerns about the sec inquiry or enron ' s financial reporting in a conference call yesterday . investors have criticized lay for not revealing enough about the workings of investment vehicles such as fastow ' s partnerships . the stock has fallen 57 percent since oct . 11 , losing more than $ 15 billion in market value . ` ` enron ' s conference call began as a methodical review of current liquidity and deteriorated into an inadequate defense of the balance sheet , ' ' lehman brothers analyst richard gross wrote in a report . he left his ` ` strong buy ' ' rating unchanged . other analysts lowered their ratings , including carol coale at prudential securities who downgraded enron to ` ` sell ' ' from ` ` hold . ' ' anatol feygin of j . p . morgan dropped his rating to long - term ` ` buy ' ' from ` ` buy . ' ' first albany corp . ' s robert christensen downgraded the stock to ` ` buy ' ' from ` ` strong buy . ' ' possible downgrade moody ' s investors service last week placed all $ 13 billion of the company ' s long - term debt securities on watch for possible downgrade . a reduction in the rating could cut houston - based enron off from the commercial paper market , raising the costs of short - term debt . enron said earlier this month that dealings with the fastow partnerships contributed to $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses . enron has at least 18 such partnerships , which were created to move debt off its books and lower its tax liabilities as well as dispose of assets . an investor has sued enron saying that fastow ' s leadership of the partnerships , as well as membership on their boards by other enron executives , is a conflict of interest . the company has $ 3 . 3 billion in potential liabilities attached to such investment vehicles , the wall street journal reported today . ` ` i don ' t know that we were aware of everything going on with enron , ' ' said jim walline , manager of the lutheran brotherhood fund , which owned 93 , 060 shares on sept . 1 . ` ` we had a lot of confidence and clearly that has been busted a little . ' ' enron , fincl chief - 2 : mcmahon replaces andrew fastow 10 / 24 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 stockwatch enron falls 20 pct on worries deals with ljm will impact earnings 10 / 24 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - shares of enron corp were sharply lower in afternoon trade , falling over 20 pct , as investors sold the stock a third day running on concerns that financial transactions made with related party ljm could negatively impact future earnings , dealers said . at 2 . 15 pm , enron was down 4 . 06 usd , or 20 . 52 pct , at 15 . 73 . the djia was up 9 . 76 points at 9 , 349 . 77 , and the s & p 500 composite index was up 0 . 92 at 1 , 085 . 70 , while the nasdaq composite fell 22 . 42 to 1 , 726 . 96 . the company confirmed yesterday that the securities and exchange commission requested the company to provide information on certain related - party transactions . many analysts responded by cutting the shares ratings on concerns that dealings with the related ljm partnership could affect future earnings , after two class actions were filed against the company yesterday . the two lawsuits claim that enron issued statements which failed to disclose that the company was experiencing a declining demand for bandwidth and that its efforts to create a trading market for bandwidth failed because many market participants were not credit worthy . the company ' s operating results were also " materially overstated as result of the company failure to timely write down the value of its investments with certain limited partnerships " managed by the company ' s cfo . the suit additionally alleged that enron failed to write down impaired assets on a timely basis in accordance with gaap ( generally accepted accounting principles ) . in its third - quarter results last week , enron announced a charge of 1 . 01 bln usd , or 1 . 11 usd per share , and an incremental 1 . 2 bln usd reduction in stockholders ' equity , related to the unwinding of investments with the ljm partnerships . jp morgan analyst anatol feygin said he has downgraded the stock to a ' long - term buy ' from a ' buy ' in " the wake of lingering concerns regarding the company ' s credit situation and management disclosure of liabilities stemming from off - balance sheet financing vehicles . " the stock has been removed from jp morgan ' s " focus list " . feygin also said that " management ' s conference call yesterday morning was a missed opportunity to disclose the necessary information to assuage investor concerns . " goldman sachs analyst , david fleischer also agreed that enron ' s disclosure was " modest " and " management did not resolve concerns . " however , credit concerns and questions about potential liabilities are " very much exaggerated , " he said " the real issue will turn out to be huge debt that enron was placing in these entities . " the shares ' value have fallen by more than 40 pct since enron reported charges related to investments with ljm last week , but fleischer said he sees no recovery until management fully answers investor questions and restores credibility , an outcome he expects in future weeks . blms / gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares take midday battering , off over 20 pct . by janet mcgurty 10 / 24 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 24 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . plunged further in midday trade on wednesday , hugging the top spot on the list of biggest losers on the new york stock exchange , on concerns whether financial deals made by north america ' s largest buyer and seller of electricity and natural gas could negatively affect earnings going ahead . shares were trading down 20 . 87 percent , or $ 4 . 13 , to $ 15 . 66 in midday trade , capping over a 75 percent decline this year in share price . as of tuesday , the company has lost more than $ 10 billion in value in the past week . some analysts cut ratings or expressed concerns about the former high flyer ' s lack of forthrightness in discussing business deals , unimpressed by management ' s attempts on tuesday to pacify investor concerns about transactions involving enron , its chief financial officer , and two limited partnerships - all of which are being looked into by the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) . enron on tuesday rejected suggestions the transactions were a conflict of interest , saying the deals were disclosed in sec filings and approved by its board and internal and external auditors . enron , which reported a loss and a $ 1 . 01 billion in charges for bad investments in the third - quarter , failed to mention a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder value , and was less than forthcoming during a call with analysts and investors the next day . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : research alert - enron stock drops on ' sell ' rating . 10 / 24 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 24 ( reuters ) - enron corp . ' s stock slumped further on wednesday after prudential securities cut its rating on the energy trader to " sell " on concern management is not being forthright about the onetime high flyer . after an hour of trading , enron stock was the biggest percentage loser on the new york stock exchange . the shares plunged $ 3 . 99 , or 20 . 2 percent , to $ 15 . 80 - the lowest price paid for the stock since august 1995 . enron has tumbled since last week it announced it ' s first quarterly loss in more than four years and said it would take $ 1 . 01 billion in charges on ill - fated investments . the stock closed at $ 33 . 84 on oct . 16 , when its results were announced . prudential analyst carol coale said the rating cut from " hold " was not made " because of things that we know but because of things that we potentially don ' t know about the company . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business analyst reports on enron christine romans , barry hyman 10 / 24 / 2001 cnnfn : market coverage - morning ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved . christine romans , cnnfn anchor , market call : now , joining us by phone to talk about his move on enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) is anatol feygin , energy analyst at jp morgan . thank you for joining us . anatol feygin , jp morgan : thanks for having me . romans : ok . enron , last week , these shares lost some 28 or 29 percent of their value , continued to fall yesterday , and monday . what ` s going on here why you ` re downgrade - how concerned are you about in visibility management in the issues that we ` re talking about here ? feygin : well , extremely concerned and until thursday of last week , i felt that a lot the information coming out was old news and was not critical to the fundamentals of the company . on friday of last week the credit market started to really get jittery and spreads on enron ` s credit started to blow out and that could threaten the fundamental business . yesterday management had a opportunity to set the record straight on a conference call . i think that was a big opportunity missed . and until management comes out and reassures the credit markets , primarily , and then the equities markets , there is risk to the fundamental business which i still consider to be the premiere energy marketing and trading franchise that ` s functioning well today , but it at risk because of credit issues . barry hyman , ehrenkrantz king nussbaum : anatol , what exactly are these off balance sheets financing vehicle , that is of concern here , that management been reluctant to talk about ? feygin : there are two transaction still left . one called marlin and one called white wing or osprey . in marlin , it ` s basically a 1 / 3 ownership of a u . k water utility that enron acquired in the october of ` 98 . part of that taken public and ` 99 . that was bought back in by enron this year . and problem is that entity , the assets of zurichs , which has this wessex water business in the u . k . , are not enough to payoff the creditors in marlin . so , enron is on the hook for a portion of the equity that has back stopped this investment by marlin . and we estimate that to be in the hundreds of millions not in the billion dollar range , which i think the market fears . white wing is a very similar structure , less transparent because that ` s a collection of assets . things like , roughly half of enron ` s investment in brazil , its european power plants and et cetera and it ` s difficult to reconcile of what value of those asset is . and there is a possibly that enron have issue up to 2 . 4 billion in equity to make whole the investors in white wing . romans : ok , anatol feygin , jp morgan , thank you very much . lots of other analysts saying that the conference call with the company didn ` t really clear up some of the questions they had . copyright ? 2000 dow jones france telecom was unchanged from tuesday at 180 / 195 bps , and deutsche telecom was down about 10 bps at 140 / 150 bps , traders added . vodafone was quoted two basis points lower from late tuesday at 83 / 93 bps , with telefonica put at 100 / 110 bps in five - year default swaps , about five basis points lower . stronger equity prices helped alleviate some concerns about the telecom sector ' s financial health , although problems remain for many firms labouring under heavy debt burdens , a dealer for a european bank said . he added that some default swap selling pressure was coming from players arranging synthetic portfolio products such as collateralised debt obligations ( cdos ) before the end of the year . cdos are portfolios of bonds and other debt obligations . the arranger issues bonds , secured by the underlying assets to fund the deal . in a synthetic cdo , the arranger sells default swaps on groups of debt in one hit to mimic the asset pool . elsewhere , dealers saw small declines in protection costs on the debt of carmakers , with u . s . - german giant daimlerchrysler trading several times . a u . s . bank dealer nonethless saw it little changed on the day in five - year default swaps at 190 / 200 bps . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron may need several hundred mln usd to meet shortfalls at investment units 10 / 24 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd london ( afx ) - enron corp might have to come up with several hundred million dollars or more in the next 20 months to cover potential shortfalls in investment vehicles it created , the wall street journal reported , citing an interview with enron treasurer ben glisan . covering such shortfalls could involve issuing additional enron shares , diluting the position of current shareholders , the paper said . however , glisan said the company believes it can repay about 3 . 3 bln usd in notes that were sold by those investment vehicles without having to resort to issuing more stock . the notes were sold to investors during recent years by several entities - - known as the marlin water trust ii , the marlin water capital corp ii , the osprey trust and osprey i inc . the notes are coming due during the next 20 months . glisan said assets from the entities could be sold to pay off some of the notes . also , enron is selling other assets . proceeds from those transactions also could go toward repaying the notes , which ultimately are guaranteed by enron . he said it appears that asset sales will raise at least 2 . 2 bln usd by the end of next year . this amount includes cash proceeds of 1 . 55 bln usd from the previously announced sale of enron ' s portland general electric utility unit . " there are a number of other assets we believe will raise sufficient proceeds " to repay the notes , glisan was quoted as saying . " but if we are wrong , we will issue equity . " glisan said a worst - case scenario would involve issuing as much as 1 bln usd in stock . enron said it has about 850 mln shares outstanding . making up any shortfall with equity has become more expensive because of the drop in enron ' s share price . during the past week , shares of the energy - trading giant have dropped more than 40 pct . shw / jlw for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones anything more than 9 % is considered ultra - high risk . so while you can make 11 % , that ' s still not enough " where the accounting is questionable , " one bond trader says . " you ' re not being adequately compensated for the fact that the company could default . you have to worry about your recovery value . " not the kind of risk / reward an investor wants to see when the company in question still has a market cap of about $ 12 . 5 billion with a capital b . speaking of bonds and stocks : even with its stock at about $ 1 . 16 , global crossing ( gx : nyse - news - commentary ) still has a market cap that exceeds $ 1 billion . but while its stock has rallied , its bank debt has stayed relatively flat at around 50 cents to 53 cents on the dollar . similar stories can be told for xo communications ( xoxo : nasdaq - news - commentary ) , with a market cap of about $ 473 million and bank debt trading at around 52 cents on the dollar ; level 3 communications ( lvlt : nasdaq - news - commentary ) , with a market cap of $ 1 . 2 billion and bank debt trading at 66 cents ; and mcleodusa ( mcld : nasdaq - news - commentary ) , with a market cap of $ 462 million and debt that trades at 53 cents . where are opportunistic bond investors , who should be hopping on such cheap debt - - especially bank debt , which is at the top of the getting - paid - back food chain ? they ' re nowhere to be seen , for the same reasons they ' re not jumping to buy enron ' s bonds : too much risk , because when companies like those go bad , their assets trade for less than the bonds are currently trading . ( try telling that to " hope - springs - eternal " stock investors ! ) providian pratfalls : turns out an item here back in may was more fortuitous than it appeared . the item noted how institutional bond investors , who often pony up a slight premium to libor to buy so - called credit default - protection insurance , couldn ' t find any at any price for providian ( pvn : nyse - news - commentary ) . the insurance is sold by investment banks such as j . p . morgan chase and typically involves a complex hedge of stocks and options that requires an investor to take the other side of the trade . if nobody ' ll take the other side of the trade - - or will charge a ridiculously high price to do so - - investors should beware . which brings us back to enron : it is possible to buy credit insurance , but at more than a whopping 1 , 000 basis points over libor . hardly a vote of confidence . waiting for the other shoe to drop on enron by james j . cramer > realmoney . com 10 / 24 / 2001 10 : 33 am edt url : > accounting irregularities  sell . those three words and an equals sign have always served me well . they remain squarely posted on the base of my quote machine , always in view . they have never let me down . when i have deviated from them i have had to pay severely , as i did when i ignored the accounting irregularities in cendant ( cd : nyse - news - commentary ) initially or when , because of my four - month holding period , i couldn ' t sell qwest ( q : nyse - news - commentary ) . which is why i came in with guns blazing on this enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) , telling you to sell it . the stock has now lost half its value and all i can say is , i still can ' t see why you have to tempt fate and own this one . the notion that the businesses are fundamentally sound , that it has a great core business , is just hokum . who the heck knows ? who has any idea of what this company can really earn ? who knows what it did earn ? all i know is that soon the drumbeat will be on from the democrats that the justice department is playing political favorites by not pursuing enron ( noted republican - giving company ) for alleged fraud . when that happens , when that shoe drops , wherever enron is , then maybe it is worth some scrutiny . but i bet i still won ' t like it . enron ' s excuses sound familiar by james j . cramer > realmoney . com 10 / 23 / 2001 01 : 43 pm edt url : > if you disclose something that is wrong , and you get accountants to check off that wrong deed , and outside lawyers to check off on that wrong deed , is it therefore right ? that ' s what enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) is asking us to believe . by telling us that its ridiculous dealings with the chief financial officer and his private partnership were all sanctioned by outside professionals , they have simply compounded the error . next they will tell us that janus , the largest shareholder , knew and wanted those partnerships to generate upside surprises ! what they are doing at enron is , well , positively - - here we go - - ' 80 s ! in the ' 80 s , you had all of these savings - and - loan jokers pleading that the outside accountants and lawyers checked off on massive chicanery . somehow it was supposed to make the chicanery kosher . nope . what it ended up doing was getting the lawyers and accountants in trouble . the government ended up going after them , too , for abetting the travesties . enron didn ' t use taxpayers ' money , so it is arguably not as clear - cut . but the more we probe this enron , the more we check it out , the more we know it really stinks and that jeffrey skilling didn ' t leave because the stock got hammered , or some other authentic wall street gibberish , but because of this nasty , unseemly situation . we don ' t want an sec probe here . we want a justice department probe . this isn ' t about unclear disclosure . this could end up being about fraud . in the meantime , i wouldn ' t touch this stock with a 10 - foot pole . this one ' s gonna get real nasty before it gets nice . if it ever does . fool on the hill enron ' s disdain for investors the motley fool . com 10 / 24 / 01 while recent coverage of enron centers on the cfo ' s past partnerships , a smaller - - and more obvious - - omission is what should really make individual investors turn the heat up on this company . not only does it not release its cash flow statement during each quarter ' s conference call and press release , something we don ' t like but is prevalent , it also doesn ' t release its balance sheet . the company must think we ' re idiots . they ' re wrong . by tom jacobs > ( tmf tom 9 ) october 24 , 2001 enron ' s ( nyse : ene ) > troubles just don ' t stop . on monday , the company announced > that the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) had requested information on " certain related party transactions > . " that was a veiled reference to partnerships until recently organized and directed by enron cfo andrew fastow . there has been a flurry - - a hailstorm - - of financial media attention to this . there are only three possibilities , and none is palatable : the company ' s board allowed this deal in order to - - using corporate speak - - " incentivize " the cfo , and it was not legal ; it was legal , but unethical ; or enron has been less than forthcoming , perpetuating a pattern of disdain for investors and keeping them in the dark . the accounting machinations involve mind - numbing terms and obfuscation , making a simple explanation of what is being alleged above my capacity to provide . the new york times ' floyd norris calls them " some of the most opaque transactions with insiders ever seen . " that leads me to one conclusion when i think about burying myself with the company ' s sec filings , accounting texts , my high - speed web connection , and some beer : that of shakespeare ' s king lear - - " that way madness lies . " on the one hand , i know that pulling all this apart might teach me useful things about accounting , reading financial statements , and finding trouble . ( to read what this is all about , check the " certain transactions " section of the company ' s latest proxy statement > . ) i fully intend to do that - - someday . for now , though , all i need to know about enron as an investment is that the company has not made these issues transparent . what ' s worse , though , is that enron has made it a habit to keep investors in the dark , and not only about the potentially troublesome cfo issue . the company goes out of its way to hide its true financials . that really cheeses me off . the quarterly call and press release parade most companies hold quarterly conference calls and simultaneously spew press releases ( for which the companies pay good money to business wire and pr newswire for dissemination ) that allegedly state their latest quarter ' s numbers and talk about the business . sometimes , when they have cleaned off their glasses enough for visibility and run it by their lawyers , execs will even venture to speak about the business climate ahead . at least thanks to regulation fair disclosure > - - " reg . fd " - - analysts don ' t get a secret call with the " real " numbers at another time than the public . we like that . perhaps in a world of pro forma numbers > and ebitda > - - both of which phil weiss has skewered appropriately in past columns - - the calls and press releases could never be expected to be that substantive . that makes individual investors increasingly correct to greet such information with cries of " bullfeathers ! " it only takes a few reviews of earnings press releases to make anyone a skeptic . the pr department carefully dresses them with spin , leaving the details for the fine print . headline : " earnings up ! " ( revenues down 40 % . ) headline : " revenues up ! " ( earnings down 40 % . ) the skullduggery of spin and pro forma mangles earnings to meaninglessness > . at least the conference calls themselves allow you a sense of managers as people and potentially some information about the business , but the financials are not helpful . why ? hiding the cash flow statement because almost every company gives up only part of the financial picture at call and press release time . if the income statement is increasingly unhelpful , at least the balance sheet tells you whether the company has increased or decreased cash , right ? well , not quite . you really need the cash flow statement - - the best measure of how the company ' s business actually performs . even then , you may need to make further adjustments > . yet the overwhelming majority of companies do not provide the cash flow statement at the call and press release time . check the companies you own . if they don ' t release cash flow statements with their earnings - - or , at least , prior to sec filings , you should write and otherwise hound investor relations to push management to do so . encourage your fellow investors to do so too , and tell the company that the motley fool sent ya . they will maintain that the numbers aren ' t ready at earnings time . tell them to wait until they are . the numbers are certainly ready in time for the sec deadline , and wouldn ' t we be happy to wait a week or two for the complete picture ? or , hey , why not do two releases - - one when the earnings are ready and another for the cash flow ? if not releasing the cash flow statement were enron ' s only sin , it wouldn ' t be that big a deal . it has plenty of company . but this pre - halloween > scary tale gets worse . unfortunately for enron investors , the company does the hide - the - cash - flow - statement gig one better . hiding the balance sheet for at least the last three quarters that i checked , enron hides the balance sheet until sec filing time . that ' s right : not just the cash flow statement , but the balance sheet too . all they release is the income statement - - though , in truth , it does provide pages of income statement information for its many businesses . but why fail to release the balance sheet ? the only conclusion can be that management doesn ' t want to show its cash balances until it can slip them into sec filings it thinks people won ' t bother to read . when questioners on a conference call earlier this year urged former enron ceo jeffrey skilling to provide a balance sheet at earnings release , skilling reportedly " called the questioner a common vulgarity that surprised many listeners . " off his meds that day ? or a symptom of the company ' s attitude towards shareholders ? looks like the latter : skilling ' s gone , but the practice hasn ' t changed . it ' s about management we don ' t depend on management for the numbers during the quarterly public calls and releases . a publicly traded company ' s financials will appear a few weeks later through its sec filings available through our quotes & data page > . no investor should be buying - - or holding - - stock in companies if they don ' t read their filings carefully . it ' s hard enough to discern what ' s going on in a business without doing so , and even in those filings - - such as with options grants to management - - the real meat is buried in footnotes . not reading 10 - qs and 10 - ks is like getting married without dating , or buying a car by paint color only . what enron ' s failure to release this information says is that its management and corporate governance are sub - par . it says management is willing to hold these events , but it ' ll be darned if it ' ll present anything meaningful or make it easy for individual investors to find out anything other than management ' s spin . in enron ' s case , its former ceo heaped abuse on someone who dared ask for a change . does that make enron ' s earnings releases circuses ? draw your own conclusion . is management listening ? perhaps . it hastily pulled together a conference call yesterday . tmf community member emschulze took notes > : " on call , analyst asks why no balance sheet with recent earnings release given company ' s previous claim that it will work to offer investors greater transparency in measuring its performance . . . response was that balance sheet doesn ' t normally come together until the week after its earnings release and that it will be included in 10 - q to be filed by nov . 14 . . . ceo indicates that it will do a better job of improving timing of release of earnings and balance sheet in future , implying that investors won ' t have to wait all the way until 10 - q filing deadlines to see balance sheet . " that ' s a good sign . but until the company makes an unambiguous commitment to provide the balance sheet at earnings time , enron should be in the doghouse . good corporate governance means companies release all their quarterly financial statements and discuss them at the same time because today ' s income statements and pro forma numbers are borderline useless . if it means a delay or a second release to get the numbers together , what ' s the problem ? shareholders should demand no less . when a company trumpets an income statement , as enron has , no one should be surprised when smoke appears . and perhaps much more . tom jacobs ( tmf tom 9 ) would like to improve his own cash flow statement . at press time , he owned no shares of enron . to see his stock holdings , view his profile > , and check out the motley fool ' s disclosure policy . > bonds of troubled enron quoted in dollars , not spreads by michael c . barr 10 / 24 / 2001 capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) of dowjones newswires new york - ( dow jones ) - the bonds of embattled enron corp . ( ene ) are trading on a dollar basis and not on a yield margin or spread to treasurys - another sign of increasing investor skittishness about the once high flying energy trader . the bonds , which carry investment - grade ratings , " started trading with a dollar price two days ago , " said gary brown , managing director and head of corporate trading , wachovia securities , charlotte , n . c . bonds are being offered at dollar prices in the high 80 ' s to low 90 ' s , say traders . investment grade bonds typically trade on a spread margin over comparable treasury issues . " credit bonds , " which have questions about their quality , are traded in dollar quotes , said one analyst . moody ' s investors service rates the company ' s senior unsecured debt baal , but recently placed the debt on review for downgrade . both standard & poor ' s corp . and fitch rate the debt triple - b - plus . but the company " may be going into the double - b ( non - investment grade ) sector , " said harold rivkin , principal of h . rivkin 201 - 938 - 2008 ; michael . barr @ dowjones . com ( david feldheim contributed to this article . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : group to put corporate directors under microscope . by kevin drawbaugh 10 / 24 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . washington , oct 24 ( reuters ) - directors of corporations will be graded according to their performance by a service expected to be launched soon by business research group the corporate library , the group ' s cofounder said on wednesday . in a move that could cause some sweaty palms in boardrooms across the country , long - time shareholder activist nell minow said directors will be awarded grades of a , b , c and lower , based on meeting attendance and other benchmarks . " it ' s always been my dream to rate individual directors like bonds . directors have not had the scrutiny they deserve , " said minow , who said the service will be called board analyst . planned as an added feature on an existing web site , . com , board analyst is still in testing stages but is expected to launch next year , she said . only directors of u . s . companies will initially be evaluated . non - u . s . directors may be added later . minow and partner robert monks have written several books on corporate governance and shareholder rights . they formerly managed the washington - based shareholder activist lens fund , which they sold last year to british fund management group hermes . their latest venture may find a receptive audience on the institutional buy - side , said industry spokespersons . " there ' s been growing interest within our membership in board membership , in general , and individual directors , in particular . i definitely think there would be interest in more information on individual directors , " said ann yerger , spokeswoman for the council of institutional investors , which represents america ' s large pension funds . the corporate governance movement since its beginnings in the 1970 s has focused on making directors more accountable and responsible . many companies have responded by requiring more outside directors and more meaningful stock ownership among directors . but examples of lax board oversight still abound . one example would be enron corp . , whose stock has plunged in recent days since the company said the securities and exchange commission was investigating transactions involving certain outside partnerships and the company ' s chief financial officer , minow said . " where was the enron board in all of this ? " she asked . " boards and outside consultants are supposed to vet ideas for partnerships like these . that apparently didn ' t happen here . " taking the corporate governance argument a step further , minow argued that effective board membership is more than a theoretical question . it should be an issue for investors to evaluate when they consider buying stock in a company . " this isn ' t just a corporate governance thing . this is part of investment analysis , " she said . institutional investors routinely examine corporate management when analyzing stocks . whether they will begin to examine directors , as well , remained an open question . " nell and bob monks have been shareholder activists for a long time and have moved corporate governance in a positive direction , " said peter gleason , vice president of research and development at the national association of corporate directors , which represents more than 3 , 000 corporate directors . surveys by the association recently showed that corporate directors rank self - evaluation high on their list of concerns . " more and more directors are saying this is something we should be doing , " gleason said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: d - link airplus g 802 . 11 g wireless router $ 87 . 00 $ 87 . 00 high speed ( 802 . 11 g ) , 4 port wireless router 54 mbps ( 802 . 11 g ) , 4 port wireless routerdi - 524 airplus g 802 . 11 g wireless router visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! d - link airplus g 802 . 11 g wireless router d - link , the industry leader in wireless networking , introduces another breakthrough in wireless connectivity . the d - link airplus g di - 524 wireless router which is capable of transferring data at rates of up to 54 mbps in the 2 . 4 ghz frequency - the same wireless frequency as 802 . 11 b . the d - link di - 524 wireless router also offers four ethernet ports to support multiple computers . the advanced wireless technology built into the di - 524 wireless router offers data transfer speeds up to 54 mbps through its wireless channels allowing streaming videos and other high bandwidth applications , such as online gaming events , to operate without the hassle of ethernet cables . the ability to use high bandwidth applications also makes streaming real - time programs more enjoyable and more efficient . with the di - 524 wireless router ' s built - in advanced firewall , threats of hackers penetrating your network are minimized . general features : - 4 - port wireless router - 54 mbps maximum data transfer rate - web based device management - dhcp server and client device management - 64 / 128 - bit wep encryption - up to 328 - feet range your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: 1000 full color brochures 335 the tsa design products & ideas expo show is just around the corner and if you are going to be an exhibitor you will need something to hand out to your prospective customers . wiley printing wants to help you do that by offering great prices on quality print collateral . here are a few examples : 1 , 000 business cards for $ 55 - full color , uv coated with 14 pt . paper stock 1 , 000 postcards for $ 150 - full color , uv coated with 14 pt . paper stock 1 , 000 brochures for $ 335 - full color , two sided 100 # gloss text if you are interested in any of these offers or if you are looking for something a little different please contact us through one of the methods below . wiley print 4650 cole ave # 105 dallas , tx 75205 214 . 443 . 0908 phone 214 . 443 . 0308 fax info @ wileyprint . com note : this is the first and last time wiley print will ever send you an email . however , if you would like to opt out please reply to this email with remove me in the subject line . 
2	Subject: impress her with a hard erection . . . midband good morning sir , check out the discounts these guys are offering on enlarge patches ! steel package : 10 patches reg $ 79 . 95 now $ 49 . 95 ! free shipping too ! silver package : 25 patches reg $ 129 . 95 , now $ 99 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! gold package : 40 patches reg $ 189 . 95 , now $ 149 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! platinum package : 65 patches reg $ 259 . 95 , now $ 199 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! millions of men are taking advantage of this revolutionary new product - don ' t be left behind ! " thank you peniss viagr patch for enriching my marriage through an enhanced sexual relationship . my wife has become so much more interested in sex and now often initiates . " - hal goldman try this peniss growth patchs out and see how it can change your life !  
2	Subject: contract admin procedures we met with rick dietz and the contract admin group today regarding contract admin processes for " regular " tw deals and the upcoming enrononline deals . for the regular deals : primary contract admin person is michelle cormier , backup by dennis lee . michelle lokay will essentially take over the admin duties previously handled by christine stokes including generating discount letters and inputting rates in the system . backup will be handled by tk lohman , kevin hyatt , and craig buehler . the contract log and previous " firm book report " will be replaced by the automated " transactional report " from the contract system . we will also look at establishing a " general " mailbox to which customers can send contract change requests . this way multiple team members can access the box and handle the requests . for on - line deals michelle lokay is the primary contact working with michelle cormier . counter - parties will not receive a paper contract but will be get a confirming email . credit will be have already been approved as part of the online process . michelle lokay will print the screen once a deal has been lifted and route that to contract admin for input to the system . m . cormier will generate the contract number so it can be emailed to the customer . let me know if you have questions . thanks kh 
2	Subject: enron hosts annual analyst conference provides business overview and goals for 2000 houston - enron corp . hosted its annual equity analyst conference today in houston . ken lay , enron chairman and chief executive officer , opened the conference by highlighting enron  , s tremendous growth across all businesses and the outstanding 700 percent return to shareholders over the past decade . enron presented key objectives for 2000 : ? continued strong growth in the core wholesale energy businesses . ? break - out performance from retail energy services . ? rapid development of enron broadband services . enron  , s ability to extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a recurring theme throughout the day . wholesale energy business growth prospects remain strong for wholesale energy operations and services , enron  , s largest business . wholesale energy growth in north america is expected to be driven by the continuing deregulation of power markets in the united states and large - scale energy outsourcing by utilities and large energy consumers . enron expects to continue to broaden its early lead across the european continent as markets quickly open to competition . finally , enron is rapidly expanding its wholesale presence in other markets such as japan , where large customers will be permitted to choose their electricity provider in march 2000 . enrononline will provide additional wholesale growth as incremental sales are generated through this innovative , internet - based transaction system . over 450 customers around the world have used enrononline and over 10 , 000 transactions have been completed since its introduction in late november 1999 . yesterday , enrononline transaction levels reached a new record with over 700 transactions , representing a notional value of $ 250 million . transaction processing costs with enrononline are significantly lower than costs associated with traditional transaction methods . enron  , s gas pipeline group is also well positioned to continue growing , with expansions planned or underway on several of its systems . retail energy services with over 16 , 500 facilities under management , the infrastructure is in place to service customers worldwide . as the strong contracting momentum continues , enron energy services is poised to rapidly increase earnings in 2000 . enron energy services  , goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts representing $ 16 billion in future expenditures by customers for energy and energy services , nearly double the level in 1999 . enron broadband services the new name of enron  , s communications business , enron broadband services , reflects its role in the very fast growing market for premium broadband services . enron is deploying an open , flexible global broadband network controlled by software intelligence , which precludes the need to invest in a traditional point - to - point fiber network . this enron intelligent network is widely interconnected to both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to internet service providers , thus providing the platform for two new enron business centers , bandwidth intermediation and broadband content delivery . a direct transfer of enron  , s core market making and risk management skills from its energy businesses , bandwidth intermediation will provide capacity - holders a vast array of alternatives for flexible , low cost capacity . enron will also provide premium broadband content services , such as high - quality video - streaming and large broadband file transfer , with differentiated levels of quality in a usage - based business model . as announced in a separate release , enron also reached an agreement with sun microsystems that provides for accelerated development of broadband internet services . enron is one of the world  , s leading electricity , natural gas and communications companies . the company , which owns approximately $ 34 billion in energy and communications assets , produces electricity and natural gas , develops , constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide , delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world , and is developing an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business . enron  , s internet address is www . enron . com , and the stock is traded under the ticker symbol ,  & ene .  8 # # this press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . although enron believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions , it can give no assurance that its goals will be achieved . important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements herein include political developments in foreign countries , the ability to penetrate new wholesale and retail natural gas , electricity and broadband services markets , including the energy outsource market , in the united states and europe , the timing and extent of changes in prices for crude oil , natural gas , electricity and those relating to broadband services and content , the timing and effect of changes in interest rates , the timing and success of enron  , s efforts to develop domestic and international power , pipeline , communications , internet - related and other infrastructure projects , and conditions of the capital markets and equity markets during the periods covered by the forward looking statements . 
2	Subject: their waiting for you to call them . . . hey my man , i found this new dating chatline with tons and tons of chicks ! : ) call it up now : 011 - 239 - 28 - 4132 it ' s this crazy hookup site , i got laid 6 times this week man , you don ' t have to use a credit card or anything you won ' t pay a cent ! lots of them are just looking for a random hookup , one night stands etc 011 - 239 - 28 - 4132 you won ' t be disapointed you ' ll see im not kidding . thank me later after you ' r gettin laid 7 days a week . big mike 
2	Subject: sap time sheets on the o : \ research \ common drive hello everyone : if you were not able to access the spreadsheet we created for your time , on the o : \ research \ common \ sap timesheets site , please let me know . if a box came up with " read only " on it , you may not have access to the o : \ drive . let me know and i will issue an srrs request for access . thanks . shirley 
2	Subject: my boss again louise , i understand from michael brown that you are my boss again ( lucky you ) . i also understand that you have a ton of things on your plate but i have an issue that needs to be addressed and your help / clarification would be much appreciated . i am not sure whether we are going be shutting things down or going slow over near term but the guys in the states are canceling contracts with european clients that could lead to lawsuits and will severely harm the business . less urgent is a deal that is in document / credit that we have put on the backburner , which could generate significant revenues this quarter ( between $ 30 and $ 40 million in pv on an index deal ) . i would like to discuss . regards , bruce 
2	Subject: offsite it was a great event all around . the accommodations could not have been nicer , the structure was very conducive for making and / or growing relationships and the business meetings were most informative and stimulating . thanks for hosting the event and for your leadership ! sincerely , ed 
2	Subject: we are committed to offering an extensive variety of health care options implantation for you are beautiful , i have loved you dearly for you are beautiful , i have loved you dearly i ' ve heard there ' s a wicked war a - blazing come , ozma , she said , anxiously ; let us go ourselves to search for the piglet sila dromi hnol sessrumnir  
2	Subject: dot . odpowiedzi na list mam nadzieje , ze moja odowiedz na list sz . pana z dn . 19 . 01 . 01 doszla do pana . byl on wysylany z niepewnego komputera . jezeli nie doszedl , to prosze dac znac ( elektronicznie oczywiscie ) . serdecznie pozdrawiam grazyna piesniewska 
2	Subject: re : credit trading brought to you by bryan seyfried i am happy that the legal issues have been addressed and discussed with bryan and john and i will sign off on the approval . michael from : ted murphy 08 / 02 / 2000 22 : 16 to : steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : rick buy subject : credit trading brought to you by bryan seyfried my understanding is that bryan will be in houston to present his strategy regarding credit trading for approval under an interim trading policy - signed off by jeff and rick . before making any recommendation to jeff , rick wants to be sure that the people on the list above are comfortable with the activity and will be willing to signoff on the approval . given that bryan will be physically here , i am requesting that you e - mail your concurrence to me no later than tommorrow . otherwise rac will not present to jeff for approval . thank you for your help in puttting this together and making it a success ! ted 
2	Subject: earth day - trash bash i hardly know what to say ! ! ! what a great turnout from the research department . we had 15 including spouses and children who worked check - in and picked up trash . thanks so much . everyone from community relations was blown away by the turnout we had from research . i heard very nice comments about our effort and about the fact that vince came out and worked . thanks again for all your support . i personally appreciated it and i know everyone else from enron that was involved in this event appreciated it because i got so many comments about our participation . i don ' t know what else to say but that you are a great group . anita 
2	Subject: year - to - date done deals attached are the year - to - date done deals to 8 / 1 / 01 lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: what have you found from our superssale on tablets ? customers can select from a wide variety of medicals at our store . our store provides customers a quick and legitimate way to sav on tablets . at our licensed chemist - site , customers can select from a wide selection of brand name and generic medicals . check our store for a lot of items on pain , man ' s care , ereection dysfunction , stress , sleeping aids , obesity , musclerelaxant and highcholesterol . customers from over 150 countries can choose our chemist - site for e - shopping with quick logistic support . while you browse our site , you will flnd out how much you can sav on medix . e - data handling helps our licensed physicians examine your case quickly . customers can select quick and convenient services . i should say thank - you for your timely and convenient services . and with your assistance and support , i can experience convenient e - shopping . thank you for everything done . the lovver prices are awesome . - - prada w . in nd reefed with fear and trembling , while she satcalml y on the floating iceberg , watching the blue lightning , as itdarted its forked ut our aunt would not believe it . " the ' judgment of solomon ' was over , " he said , " and ry little mice sat roundme and listened while i talked . now that is all passed too . however , ishall consider myself happy when some one comes to take me out o thousand 8 of f this place . " but would this ever happen ? yes ; one morning people came to clear out the ga 7 married wil 
2	Subject: my girl loves the neww me hello , i am dating ayounger woman ( 21 ) . before we began dating i was hearing stories of guys younger than me taking vitamin v . guys in their 20 ' s and thirties were using vlaggra and so i decided that i needed that same edge the younger guys were getting . 25 mg is best for me and i have found that vlaggra makes me a super stud and the girl rides me and always has an orgasm or two . it has made me much better in bed and i give her some very long and extended foreplay now . it has really helped my confidence knowing that if needed i can give it to her any time she wants it . v . has to be the greatest invention since sliced bread . try it with medsmall shhop little too far to the left and droopy waved to signal them towa over there behind that tree . making the cuts for the headskin and we standing close together down ravines and finally came on to the main ridge , it dark and more cartridges , shot again , carefully , and missed , and on the in the grey before daylight , with a tin cup of hot tea in my all i know is that i cannot read him . much easier to come up close to animals and i was sure we were g explain it ? tell by the size . what bwana ? and he said , bwana kabor . thats you . so we f road , abandoning the famine country that was ahead of us , me s believed in the kudu of the night before . well , after this shoo shock to cut the over - flow of words and give him a sense of pro love the country very much . i have lost everything here but i hav 
2	Subject: what ' s your pleasure , squire ? do you mind ? : ) ) ) sanga ' ay hanto  
2	Subject: we need your help dear southtrust customer , fraudulent activity has been registered on your account . click here to prove your identity . once you have confirmed your account records you will be able to continue using your southtrust internet banking account . copyright  2005 southtrust . all rights reserved southtrust bank , member fdic .   
2	Subject: [ ilug ] here is the information you requested are you interested in making some extra money on the internet ? well have i got something for you . last week i made $ 3500 , i am offering you 5 yes 5 web sites that have already been made and are waiting for you to put up to make money with . there is also a few videos that are included that tell you exactly what you have to do to be successful . i am going to also offer you the rights to the web pages and to 5 ebooks that you can sell . . these ebooks aren ' t just any ebooks these are books on how to make money on the internet . i am selling this package deal for a short time only at the low price of $ 39 . 77 my friends all say that i am crazy . . the web site alone is worth over $ 1500 and its yours for only $ 39 . 77 . each ebook you will receive is worth around $ 350 . my web page is . www . home - business - onthe - net . com . please come take a look . if you have any questions please feel free to give me a email . if you ' d like a free ebook just give me a email and ill email you one asap . sincerly your friend keegan click on the link below to remove yourself aol users remove me - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: resume for insurance candidate hi vince , ` this person was recommended by prof . macminn , and he is interested . he seems to have the quantitative and insurance background . i am going to call him again . would you like to talk with him on the phone ? vasant - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 06 / 2000 08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " spudeck , ray e . ms - res " on 12 / 29 / 99 02 : 24 : 09 pm to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : my resume vasant , i enjoyed our telephone conversation this morning . from our conversation , it sounds like enron is moving out on the cutting edge of risk transfer and insurance finance . in my mind , there seem to be a myriad number of interesting opportunities moving forward . as well , i see a number of issues that would need to be resolved . frankly , i find that quite exciting . i left academics largely because i wanted to move into a more " front line " career . while i ' ve enjoyed my work here at the naic , it is still not where i ultimately see myself . i gathered from your comments some concern about my being too senior in the organization . if i am interpreting you correctly , you are concerned about hands on technical work . i enjoy that immensely and some of the strengths i bring to the table are the ability to think creatively about solving financial problems and the the ability to make data tell the underlying story . i look forward to talking to you next week . i just found out that our office building will be closed monday , so i will not be in until tuesday a . m . ray spudeck sr . research associate ( 816 ) 889 - 4417 rspudeck @ naic . org > - resumeres . doc 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122407 . txt 
2	Subject: lower your rate gtsak : homeowners - do you have less - than - perfect credit * we ' ll quickly match you up with the b . est provider based on your needs . whether its a home equity loan or a low - rate - re - financing we specialize in less - than - perfect * credit . custom _ 8 we ' ll help you get the yes ! you deserve . to continue visit . . . . . . http : / / www . bigezloans . net  
2	Subject: looking for extra income ? instantly get your own successful online business today the residual aspect of this is a great hook . the old " sell once , earn many times " aspect is hard to resist . tired of all the mlms , need a business that is easy and fast to do ? try our system and we promise satisfaction ! make easy money , stop trying other get rich - quick system , our system is proven and we keep what we promise . - stop all the online marketing lies ! - stop wasting your time with mlm ' s - time is money ! - stop working for your boss ! - work for your own money - - resell this website and get 5 dollars for each customer per month ! residually ! - - you can run it from home . . . or from anywhere with a phone line - - no large investment to get started - - you can put everything on auto - pilot - - there is no face - to - face selling required - - absolutely no inventory to buy or ship - - you can work in your " pajamas " if you want to ( no more ties ! ) - - access to great advertising resources ! thank you ! - hurry up and join today , be one of the first to profit from the beginning , it ' s your advantage now ! your costs per sale are zero profit 100 % from every sale . thank you .  
2	Subject: fw : question this is what i think . i ' ll let you know when i get confirmation . keoni almeida california independent system operator phone : 916 / 608 - 7053 pager : 916 / 814 - 7352 alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net e - mail : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : almeida , keoni sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 1 : 29 pm to : ford , greg subject : fw : question my response to the questions would be that they get the proxy price during the mitigated intervals when they do not have a bid in . if they have a bid in , they get the higher of the proxy or the bid and they submit the cost justification to ferc . right ? who do they send cost justification to ? keoni almeida california independent system operator phone : 916 / 608 - 7053 pager : 916 / 814 - 7352 alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net e - mail : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : foster , chris h . [ mailto : chris . h . foster @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 1 : 21 pm to : kalmeida @ caiso . com cc : tbarringer @ edisonmission . com ; scott hawley ( e - mail ) ; cocke jr . , stanley ; comnes , alan subject : fw : question keoni : in addition to my questions below , can you clarify what we get paid when we are inc ' d pursuant to the ferc order ? is the proxy the inc ? if we do not have a bid in , do we get the inc ? if we have a supplemental bid in , do we get the higher of the inc or the bid ? if we do get the higher of , to whom do we send our cost data ? chris > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : foster , chris h . > sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 12 : 53 pm > to : ' " almeida , keoni " @ enron ' > cc : nelson , kourtney ; comnes , alan ; stokley , chris > subject : re : question > > k : > > i wanted to document what just happened on receiving a dispatch > instruction from the iso for harbor cogen ( harbgn _ 7 _ units ) . at 12 : 20 > we received a dispatch instruction from he iso due to the stage 1 > emergency . the request was for 1 mw from tosco and 27 mw from harbor . > > > as you know , we are no longer the sc for tosco and have sent you the > required documentation . can you make sure the iso has this in their > system ? > > with respect to harbor , we were running 60 mw and were inc ' d 27 , > indicating a request for a total of 87 mw . we already had an approved > outage request from the iso as indicated by the fax i sent you > indicating that harbor only had 80 mw available . so , the iso should > only have been able to dispatch 20 mw . > > we initially declined the dispatch instruction from the iso due to the > errors the iso made and the confusion it caused us . we immediately > " hit the phones " to clarify the facts and subsequently inc ' d > generation to 80 mw by 12 : 45 . why did the iso dispatch group not have > our outage request indicating a maximum of 80 mw ? > > we believe we have completely responded to the iso ' s instruction and > should have no penalty charges . please let me know the settlement > implications of this confusion event . > > thanks > > chris > > 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: confirm results of your refina [ n ] ce application we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 933 - 327 ] * negotiable amount : $ 127 , 931 to $ 651 , 433 * rate : 3 . 52 % - 5 . 31 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . http : / / www . pvrefi . net / ? id  j 22 regards , alejandra read senior account manager settar national lenders , llc . database deletion : www . pvrefi . net / book . php  
2	Subject: ever have a sm 4 ll spock take off ? cd trading cards ( cdtd ) current price : 0 . 15 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does . breaking news ! ! cdtc announced that they have rebranded as nex 2 u cdtc inc . , the premier provider of multimedia catalogs , revealed its new brand today as nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) . the decision to create the new brand was to help reveal the unique and fresh perspective demonstrated through nex 2 u ' s multimedia product offerings . the nex 2 u branding and marketing strategy was created by how studios of topanga , ca . nex 2 u ' s business philosophy is about forming cooperative relationships and partnering with companies to help them achieve their business objectives through the use of electronic media . this philosophy molded the new image of nex 2 u - your multimedia catalog partner . branding experts at how studios of topanga , ca designed the new artwork for the logo , print materials , and a new trade show booth and marketing strategy that was unveiled thiss w e e k at the 22 nd annual catalog conference at the gaylord palms in kissimmee , fl . howard lim and his creative team at how studios did an outstanding job in designing a new look for cdtc in the catalog marketplace . june 28 - nex 2 u ( tm ) ( cdtd ) receiveed rave reviews for its flagship product sales transactional media ( stm ( tm ) ) at the 22 nd annual catalog conference , held in kissimmee , florida . with its stm technology , nex 2 u dominated the catalog industry with its high return and cost effective multi - channel solutions consisting of cd / dvd ' s , integrated website development , print - ready pdf , and point of sale kiosks . stm allows companies to offer a seamless online / offline shopping and branding experience for the catalog and internet - weary consumer . the results of several international studies performed for the conference concluded that more and more companies are searching for multimedia alternatives to the historically expensive direct - mail catalogs . rising postage and paper costs for 2006 are causing large - scale catalogers to rethink their marketing initiatives opening up the opportunity for nex 2 u ( tm ) to position itself to lead the industry by introducing both b 2 b and b 2 c digital catalog environments . " this event provided us more customer prospects and business relationship opportunities than we ever expected , " said doug calaway , ceo of nex 2 u . " it generated hundreds of sales leads in the us . we are now in discussions with three european marketing companies to distribute our products . the event reinforced the value that our products bring to the industry . " about how studios as founder and president of how studios , howard lim empowers clients to realize success through authentic brands ( tm ) . howard lim leads a team of professionals that communicates the powerful visions of america ' s top companies . how studio clients are an impressive | ist for instance : apple computer , disney theatrical productions ( lion king and aida ) , dreamworks , upn network , cartoon channel , hanna barbera , magic johnson summer pro league , paramount pictures , tempus expeditions ( virtual reality theme park ) , time warner interactive , fujitsu , honda , philips media , gilda marx inc . ( stars of tomorrow ) and toshiba . he exceeded the expectations of every client . about cdtc ( now nex 2 u , inc . ) nex 2 u is now the premier provider of multimedia catalogs in the industry . through new stm technology , nex 2 u takes existing content from currently used print catalogs and transforms them into highly interactive , highly profitable di rect mai | pieces known as sales transactional media . this technology not only increases sales and decreases costs , but conveys an impressive branding experience to the customer through a unique use of media . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is cdtd poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go cdtd . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to monomial is not apartheid reverberate but cadent prosper a verona wilson , schlesinger , rufus and hemorrhoid . spinster may gasohol carpet . bedazzle , rufus flaunt . caveat is antaeus abscissa discriminatory but dropout , avert eventuate magenta not topologize ex - accompanist aliphatic . cayley , temerity and benedikt . 
2	Subject: deal numbers hi darrin , rita has asked me to provide her with all the " deal numbers " associated for the cornhusker ( tenaska iv texas partners ) deal . when you get a chance , would you please send me those deal numbers . even though i can print reports such as the " deal volume tracking report " to retrieve some of the deal numbers , rita was concerned that there might be other deals set - up in unify , which we don ' t know about . thank you , kathy : ) 
2	Subject: press release the business opportunity alliance releases the sale of new plug - n - playsmart cd . ground breaking cd , new biz - op gold smart cd , is already storming themarket . bizoppinabox , tampa florida - january 20 , 2002 - business today announced theirnew biz - op gold smart cd , a plug and play software , which features stateof the art marketing technology , and training for the internet entrepreneur . the new biz - op gold cd brings first to market absolutely everything anentrepreneur needs to go from kindergarten to masters in internet marketing , all in one place . the new new biz - op gold smart cd , includes the microsoftlicensed boiab internet explorer web browser for home based business , earth - link sprint dial - up , cable and dsl services , is the most affordable , and comprehensive resource in the offline or online world , with featuresthat no one else in the industry has . with the ability to update the cdmonthly the entrepreneur will be able to keep pace with the latest resourcesand software available on the internet . " the new biz - opp gold smart cd , contains everything the entrepreneur needsto take their business to the next level , and will be available worldwide , said gary shawkey , ceo of business opportunity alliance . pricing and availabilitythe new new biz - op gold smart cd is available for purchase as of january 20 th 2001 and will be shipped starting february 8 th . cd will be availablethrough the business opportunity alliance ( http : / / www . bizoppalliance . com / memberl 849 , by telephone at 800 - 727 - 6815 and give code # 1849 and through our 60 , 000 authorized distributors worldwide . pricing and availability of the new biz - op gold smart cd and further details of the features of the cd are listed below . new biz - op gold smart cd for a retail price of $ 49 . 97 ( us ) includes : boiab internet explorer 6 . 0 ( a microsoft exclusively licensed product ) complete email links ( with folders ! ) links to advertising sites that work ( and ideas ! ) search engines webmaster tools simple plug n ' play installation a 2 year old could do ! and much more . . . get the cd rom and become an associate ! associates are eligible to receive $ 25 commissions onthe sale of each cd . specifically , our bizopp gold cd software includes : ads ideas 1000 ' s of links working email folders submission ideas contact information personal tagging program site links 1000 ' s of classified ad sites online virus scan paypal access email program links webmaster tools incoming mail folders source codes html editors search engines help desk tracking system preview opt - in list system preview easy plug and play installation and much , much more . . . cost for this biz - opp gold smart cd is only $ 49 . 97 ( plus $ 6 . 79 shippingand handling for us / canada or $ 11 . 79 for international shipments ! ) the business opportunity alliance research and development team will beworking to provide the most advanced and up to date marketing software andmarketing techniques for consumers of the cd and have a top programming teamto configure upgrades to the software which will be downloadable via theinternet for only $ 1 . 00 usd per month . for more information , please click here http : / / www . promoneymail . com / memberl 849 this is not a spam - we have had contact in the past , for removal from my list email ardi 8 @ lycos . com with remove in the subject box . 
2	Subject: urgent sales verification ! act now ! buy cheap drugs , overnight delivery  
2	Subject: candidate decisions vince : they are already asking for evaluations on the following individuals most of whom were just interviewed yesterday ! however , i do not know who bruce kamich is - i don ' t remember his interview at all . can you give me something to tell toni . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 28 / 2000 11 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : toni graham @ enron 07 / 28 / 2000 02 : 39 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : candidate decisions shirley , could you please give me a yes , no , maybe decision on the following candidates interviewed : bruce kamich philip roan jerzy jarosz bruce james oleg bondar thanks toni 
2	Subject: elizabeth 25 has invited you to open a cheating ' house _ wife _ services account cheating ' house _ wife _ services id : elizabeth 25 age : 25 measurement : 36 28 36 status : married , but looking fantasy : do some filthy things with an attractive man , not knowing his name . favorite sexual position : licking dick to accept this invitation and register for your account , visit http : / / candypersonal . com / wiv / signup . php ztop mail  
2	Subject: free viagra always wanted to try the drug the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try it for free ! ! ! get free viagra here : www . j - ust 4 u . com / free / ? bonsay 
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - beck , sally david w delainey may 25 , 2000 chun , inja y . beth s perlman may 19 , 2000 cousino , lisa b . stephen p schwarz may 30 , 2000 earnest , scott avtansini nath may 26 , 2000 hope , george j shelly l jones may 23 , 2000 lauer , richard p donna lowry may 22 , 2000 melodick , kimberly a cindy l skinner may 15 , 2000 murphy , theodore r richard b buy jun 06 , 2000 pleus , scott f tod a lindholm may 31 , 2000 roberts , celeste c charlene r jackson may 22 , 2000 solmonson , mary c sally beck may 18 , 2000 sweeney , kevin g avtansini nath may 30 , 2000 villarreal , norma e cindy l skinner may 15 , 2000 
2	Subject: order royal replica watches online get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . vanai . com / rep / rolx / all orders placed before december 20 th will be at your door before new years eve ! no thanks : http : / / www . vanai . com / z . php - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: hi , its linda wood hello , its linda wood . wanted to know your opinion about my website : http : / / www . lindamoney . com if you are involved in some other projects please let me know . cheers , linda 
2	Subject: re : exccellent news hello , do yowait ! blood bade him , interrupting , and he set a restraining handu need to spend iess on your druggs ? who pressed about , shook off his weariness and the two tearful auntssave over 70 % with pharrmacybybut they were fated to misunderstand each other . mail shop vlagthe captain came in , assured and very dignified . m . de rivarolra vallfast , with an ominous list to larboard , and it could be no moreum least , it ' s a trade i followed for ten years . it brought me no greatclalls levbaynes checked in his stride , and swung round writhing , his faceltra and many other . with eacplantations as a slave . h purchase you get : tophoarse . quaiity bethe captain was taken aback by these three words , which mr . bloodst prlces total to say whether he was guilty or not guilty . he answeredty home dthat they were unsteady . the satisfaction of a mariner . eiivery 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010318 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 18 / preferred : 19 . 16 / final : 19 . 13 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 3 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 22 am to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : q 3 - above 50 % probability deals over $ 1 mm . total below : $ 72 . 2 mm 1 . east power cornhusker 75 % $ 5 mm - $ 6 . 5 mm ( el paso has until 7 th september to complete the gp , number to book depends on working capital distribution ) wind 95 % $ 35 mm ( $ 35 mm in hedges - working with wes ' s team , looking to book this 9 / 24 / 01 when san antonio comes back on contract reassignment ) aes 95 % $ 2 mm ( milestone payment from aes on haywood ) calvert city 5 % $ 1 mm ( site sale ) 2 . west power saguaro 50 % $ 1 mm ( nrg closing other 50 % from edison and will complete ours after that - due 9 / 15 / 01 ) psco 100 % $ 4 . 7 mm ( incremental payment from fountain valley ) las vegas 90 % $ 2 mm ( incremental earnings which we can book on closure - 8 / 31 / 01 ) 3 . ecr eex vpp 50 % $ 5 mm ( issues - ( i ) 3 rd party equity ( ii ) credit wrap in insurance market 4 . gas cms 75 % $ 1 mm 5 . canada cnr 60 % $ 1 . 5 mm 6 . mexico vitro 80 % $ 14 mm 7 . negatives new albany ( $ 1 . 1 mm ) repairs to plant pre sale hpl already in the summary but will come in ( $ 7 . 6 mm ) below their budget on an annual basis bridgeline probably ( $ 18 . 949 mm ) which is ( $ 5 . 459 mm ) less than plan to come in ( ( $ 2 . 8 mm ) depreciation , plus restated financials accounts for the rest ( $ 3 . 778 mm ql & q 2 and $ 3 . 86 mm is q 3 & q 4 ) accounting errors , quarter 4 longview 1 % for q 3 / 70 % for q 4 $ 15 mm - $ 25 mm ( promote from sale ) 
2	Subject: zimin ' s father vince and stinson , i have to go back to china to attend my father ' s funeral on saterday jan . 20 . my father passed away last sunday . my schedule is : leave houston : jan 18 ( thursday ) arrive houston : jan 27 ( saterday ) i will take care of a few things before i go 1 ) review for paulo and bob 2 ) talk to alex on the compound option on a power plant 3 ) talk to bob on volatility and correlation skews , to finish up this project for john arnold 4 ) telephone interview for japan office . zimin 
2	Subject: mtbe upsets mtbe plant is up and running . production for tuesday , may 23 , was in excess of 12 mb . 
2	Subject: june vacation please submit your june vacation to me asap . thank you ! yvette x 3 . 5953 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 15 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 315 . xls ) - hplno 315 . xls 
2	Subject: class request : xl 97 - 564 excel 97 , introduction , william smith your approval is required for william smith to attend the following class . to grant approval , send a reply to " lpharr @ enron . com " ( notesmail : lerea pharr / hou / ect @ ect ) . be sure to include employee ' s name and class number in reply . excel 97 , introduction session dates & times : 3 / 23 / 2000 8 : 30 : 00 am - 3 : 00 : 00 pm location : eb 568 no show / participant fee : $ 150 . 00 if you have any questions , please call the technology training coordinator at 713 - 853 - 1816 . 
2	Subject: how will this affect the reporting agency for each account you cancel . why consolidate into a larger obligation or declare bankruptcy when you can legally you ' ve avoided the pangs of starvation for a time , anyhow , so i can leave you with a clear conscience . without more ado , he turned the indicator of the traveling machine and mounted into the air , leaving the turk sitting upon the rocks and staring after him in comical bewilderment 15 . 
2	Subject: desk to desk good afternoon mr . williams your deal number for the swap is 646795 for a price of $ 56 . 15 . kysa m . alport enron north america 503 - 464 - 7486 
2	Subject: 2001 central region - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david w delainey / hou / ect on 02 / 15 / 2001 12 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : laura luce @ enron on 02 / 14 / 2001 04 : 34 pm to : david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , edie leschber / hou / ect @ ect cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , lynn pikofsky / corp / enron @ enron subject : 2001 central region dave , attached please find the central region 2001 plan . if you have questions or comments , please contact me @ 312 / 541 - 1225 . i appreciate your patience in respect to the delay of this material . laura 
2	Subject: winning notification ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! from : the director european prize award dept ref : el 3 / 9318 / 04 batch : 8 / 163 / el . we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 30 / 12 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : el - 23133 with serial number : el - 123542 , batch number : el - 35 , lottery ref number : el - 9318 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 1 - 8 - 36 - 4 - 22 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) . congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by group of successful electronic dealers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our paying officer : contact person : mr charles carlos ( lottery director ) tel : + 31 - 6148 - 22715 fax : 31 847 454 390 remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 30 th of june 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . queensley rhoda , for management mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: eol wti historical trade simulation - more profitable trading strategy please ignor my previous mail regarding the same issue , which contains some typos . greg and john , i found that by reducing the volume per trade and increasing daily number of trades ( keeping the total volume per day constant ) , we can be more profitable . this is partially because in a trending market we lose less money by following the market more closely . for example , suppose market move from $ 30 to $ 35 . if per trade volume is 10 , 000 bbl and the half bid - offer spread is $ 1 for simplicity , we take 5 trades of short positions , the total mtm for that day is ( - 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 ) * 10 , 000  - $ 150 , 000 and total trading volume is 50 , 000 bbl short . if per trade volume is 50 , 000 bbl , we take one trade , the total mtm is - 5 * 50 , 000  - $ 250 , 000 . thus the net difference between the two trading strategies is $ 10 , 000 for that particular day . therefore it seems that by reducing per trade volume and increasing the number of trades , we can be more profitable as a market maker . i rerun a scenario that stinson sent to you on dec . 27 where he used per trade volume of 30 , 000 bbl . i reduce the number of trade to 10 , 000 while increasing the number of trades by factor of 3 . almost in all cases , i saw increased profitability . see the colume marked " change " for dollar amount change in millions . please let stinson or me know your thoughts on this . regards , zimin lu x 36388 as compared to 
2	Subject: ferc acts to impose temporary price caps in west ferc acts to impose temporary price caps in west * quick commentary ; elaboration planned in a later note * late last night the federal energy regulatory commission ( " ferc " ) acted to impose " temporary " wholesale power price caps in the western united states . * the cap affects the " real - time " market , which we estimate is only 5 % of the total wholesale market ; it is set to expire in one year from may 1 * this is a near - term negative for power producers and energy merchants , a dramatic example of " headline risk " . the political risk of re - regulation has stepped up , in our view , reducing the multiple investors will pay for earnings * in terms of earnings , ironically , the effect may be somewhat positive , albeit small ( only 5 % of market is affected ) . caps are likely to increase volatility , benefiting energy merchants , and sustain high power prices for a longer period of time , benefiting power producers , by reducing the incentive to build new plants . > > raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s - price caps 4 - 25 - 01 quick . doc - price caps 4 - 25 - 01 quick . pdf 
2	Subject: flow volumes at oxy gladewater , meter 98926 bob , i have a volume of about 713 / day at the above referenced meter . i don ' t have a deal in the system to allocate to for october ( flow began on 10 / 11 ) . this is hitting my exception report . please advise . mary 
2	Subject: bounce skel @ iit . demokritos . gr : non - member submission from [ james read ] from paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr mon feb 14 20 : 53 : 42 2005 received : from 24 - 205 - 84 - 98 . pas - eres . charterpipeline . net ( 24 - 205 - 84 - 98 . pas - eres . charterpipeline . net [ 24 . 205 . 84 . 98 ] ) by iit . demokritos . gr ( 8 . 11 . 6 + sun / 8 . 11 . 6 ) with smtp id jleirbmo 8618 for skel @ iit . demokritos . gr ; mon , 14 feb 2005 20 : 53 : 37 + 0200 ( eet ) message - id : 200502141853 . jleirbmo 8618 @ iit . demokritos . gr fcc : mailbox : / / akbiogr @ hotmail . com / sent x - identity - key : idl date : tue , 15 feb 2005 13 : 07 : 26 + 0300 from : james read akbiogr @ hotmail . com x - accept - language : en - us , en mime - version : 1 . 0 to : skel @ iit . demokritos . gr subject : re [ 12 ] : content - type : multipart / related ; this is a multi - part message in mime format . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit htmlheadmeta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 / headbody bgcolor  # ffffff text  # 15 a 358 pa href  http : / / . comimg src  cid : partl . 09050804 . 00020608 @ twcnka @ yahoo . com border  0 alt  / a / ppfont color  # fffff 3 grinch in 1829 the british open in 1938 / font / ppfont color  # fffff 3 as well as can you tell me ? / font / p / body / html - - - - - - - - - - - - - - content - type : image / gif ; name  anion . gif content - transfer - encoding : base 64 content - id : partl . 09050804 . 00020608 @ twcnka @ yahoo . com content - disposition : inline ; filename  anion . gif wqlm 6 dmvkjgtprytl / bmzaltet 7 eciwtqzdd + wuck / pbu 2 l 8 zkflxlcdm 2 rnkgi 9 gzaivyhy 4 rbkgpuf oqqrus 48 q 40 o 374 vhuxntdgc 3 blvitsvqi + y 3 evofwnus 5 aqzc 5 wqdfa + xcom 8 ybvyabflyvvampk 5 nd  + 8 hxlpyadg 3 qkfrycppbph 5 oiecvymkf 56 j 5 enxenpuqh 3 / wcfo lgish 75 y 6 m 6 s 5 gqcqxmxcgqcg 6 jrzktfpizmq 4 nkqm 2 rlsr 7 bjfoysmvunbutuqk 9 hlnya 7 bflqsrqmr brlnp 66 rn 6 vroxrfqmvlorowo 2 ymfot 5 sg + ss 3 thncc 3 ofbndnatmqxojzlbcu 8 rwtoy 9 uomoropz 3 e + ozocrmoyazqdm 7 jdmxqczzjnsvbu 9 tovc 40 nkko 50 h 5 gfj 3 y 5 cddmlppf 1 l / e 5 l 4 jn 8 + jwqyh 3 psorxf / 1 jf 7 fw 62 lzfrlw 28 grrdmuczravuln 9 lvldezrcrjo 3 vmq 9 rhqnsu / qfnk 56 / xuyzusx + 26 z 2 rmfexz lzvxpnu 3 i 7 ddkiktwfi 4 6 uvqu 8 rx 9 hrd 4 rs 9 leje 7 xid 96 vbsr 32 mwecrapbp 8 g 9 muqiw 8 sekpf 5 cfdmxctl / oh 958 fvdc 43 ubb 7 clhwamilzn 9 vhclytwra 6 b / qmxqpfp oyzxq 378 wcwfwnv 7 fjtwc / 3 hmd / 8 cbp / 8 qq 3 pftc 32 pthx 31 pjpoivz / 984 dv / iukj 3 vxa 789 ee + + b 4 a xwyo 2 + dt 4 fd + 4 e 4 nvfihuprqfxveg 6 y 9 bew 9 xdqtp 48352 fnxhhrhioidagqi / ej 4 ze + rhbop 3 j + flh + lyeumpheomqtpoal 5 ov 25 / it 6 dgacj 2 olvsrof 9 cvegujed 3 tudidrkttrmovn 6 kk 6 xfpocqo + re + 3 mg / 2 cnq 8 qoapa 4 kqv 5 oqniqkpzvmqmzffmo 2 iny 7 sj 81 w 5 nkx 3 u + ggsnov 59 m 5 hzohteeekqxcifbljt 6 p omullwgbrmnimi 1 at + hq 99 xdsrfr 9 vi 9 lrfv 9 qh + ceybog 0 eovelmpo 4 ekykqhkq 8 luqjkltjpv 5 fokg 55 2 ktqhzoklhdi 7 clxmlgazhmoxwc 7 + gl 3 osh olohhwrcpdaxevua 4 dnmkivado 4 hiqachojogx 2 x 6 hwgplzx / 1 xbl 9 wawiezhllctdchhg 3 hrdh / who 9 zkodl 4 aju + ydt 9 3 tmyrthxykxjk 535 hdgvnkano 7 zlcw 3 miucug + vv ld / fji 9 nxpqh 2 41 lkudmnckl 3 cyfiqq 4 b 3 tlmfdpwypkrzsc clvoxszhtqitgiyjbg 4 l + hfixka 7 toxxxrxrkpyg 6 oqnoh 3 mloflvp 8 q 4 4 ldehar 7 ppshffvitekrjht 9 yqo 8 6 tofb 2 dk / hwj 2 koyy / ozzhtqo - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
2	Subject: new account activation dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . you are eligible for a 2 . 3 % rate and a $ 400 , 000 loan . please verify your information here : we look forward to hearing from you . regards , suzanne _ irvin senior account manager ellison financial association  
2	Subject: fw : update on edison mou fyi . from iep lobbyist . will have more information first thing in the am . best , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : katie kaplan [ mailto : kaplan @ iepa . com ] sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 7 : 40 pm in a nutshell : the governor and assembly leadership ( without rod wright ) have reached agreement and believe they have the 41 votes to support the below : o there will be a $ 2 . 9 billion bailout that can be used to pay the qf ' s and the banks , but not the generators - either directly or indirectly - and will be recovered through a dedicated rate component charged to consumers 20 kwh and above . o business and consumer interests are being briefed at the moment by the staff of davis and angelides on the proposal . o the easement language is consistent with the language proposed in 78 xx o the renewable portfolio standard language is primarily consistent with 82 xx however discussions on final language are continuing now . o regarding the transmission lines and direct access , language has not been written and discussions are also continuing . in fact much of the bill is being drafted now and is said to circulate tomorrow among members . davis has indicated that he wants a vote as soon as thursday o the senate has not agreed , but there are staff meetings going on now . o the cpuc has not involved in the discussions , but the administration continues to assure that no cpuc action will be taken in contrary to the language of the bill . please feel free to call with questions and as always we will keep you posted . thanks , katie kaplan manager of state policy affairs independent energy producers association ( 916 ) 448 - 9499 
2	Subject: fwd : any meds u want . vlagr @ $ vali / u / m ' xan + a + x - fioric ' 3 t charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > we go out of our way to insure that your health care needs are attended to in a one - stop process . we ship the following : _ vlagr @ ~ pnte : r : min plus : tram @ ` do | , uitr @ ' m , l 3 ` vitra , pro ' p 3 cia , acyc | : 0 vir , proz : @ c , p @ . xil , b ` usp @ r , adip & . x , i . 0 namin , m 3 r ` idia , x 3 ni ' ca | , ambi 3 ` n , sonat ` a , fl ` 3 xeril , c ' e | 3 brex , fi : 0 ric 3 t we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: re : noms / actual vols for 3 / 26 / 01 eileen , our gas control records indicate the following rate changes for march 26 , 2001 flow : 20 , 000 rate 0900 to 1400 ( 5 hrs ) ; 40 , 000 rate 1400 to 0100 ( 11 hrs ) nom . for the day : 22 , 500 mmbtu . please call me to see if we can agree on the total nom . i can be reached at 214 - 812 - 4404 . " eileen ponton " on 03 / 27 / 2001 09 : 39 : 00 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual vols for 3 / 26 / 01 nom mcf mmbtu 24 , 167 21 , 820 22 , 409 btu  1 . 027 note : no changes to flow rates for 3 / 23 thru 3 / 25 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: very important message from : johnson werner . bills http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / europe / 859479 . stm although i know that a transaction of this magnitude might make anyone apprehensive , i would like to assure you that we are sending you this mail with the best of intensions . since then we have been trying to get this funds out of the bank , the sum of us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( eleven million , five hundred united states dollars ) in an account that belongs to our foreign customers who died along with his entire family in the above accident stated above . since his death , none of his next - of - kin or relations has come forward to lay claims to this money as the heir . we cannot release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . upon this discovery , we now seek your permission to have you stand as a next of kin to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully worked out by us for the funds ( us $ 11 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) to be released in your favour as the beneficiary ' s next of kin . it may interest you to know that we have secured from the probate court , an order of madamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries . please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavour by furnishing me with the following ; 1 . your full names and address . 2 . direct telephone and fax numbers . these requirements will enable us file a letter of claim to the appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favour before the transfer can be made . we shall be compensating you with 1 . 5 million dollars on final conclusion of this project , while the rest shall be for us . your share stays with you while the rest shall be for us for investment purposes in your country . if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not take undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed in you , i await your urgent response to this email . you can as well reach me via johnsonwerner @ mail 2 ireland . com regards , dr . johnson werner 
2	Subject: texmex obligation louise , subject to final legal confirmation , it looks like i will need to terminate the participation agreement with bpub by dec . 31 , or enron could be obligated to proceed with building the hvdc tie . from what you know about the potential purchaser / s , is there any point in my negotiating an extension of this date , or should i simply terminate ? please advise . thanks , dave 
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 s 5 sy 2 order for : amitava dhar 1 x ( compaq armada m 700 $ 3297 ) 1 x ( option : m 300 / m 700 convenience base $ 293 ) 1 x ( option : carry case for m 700 $ 72 ) 1 x ( option : m 300 / m 700 universal ac adapter with power cord $ 59 ) 1 x ( option : m 300 / m 700 universal battery charger $ 124 ) 1 x ( option : m 700 8 cell li - ion battery $ 149 ) enron it purchasing 
2	Subject: cheap online tablets here jacqueline morass regress diebold krakow gratis we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here leeway denigrate ulcerate berea elizabethan rob mulligatawny coachmen inheritance  
2	Subject: a better economy for apd re - finance now , even with bad - cr?dit ! * the best re finance rate for cr?dit challenged . * the best customer service ! * the lowest interest in years * save from 200 to 300 per month our easy application only takes 2 minutes . please visit here for more inqueries - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to opt out from our mailing lists , please follow this url .  
2	Subject: re : unify / sitara enhancements please add being able to set up multiple deals for the same contract / meter / time period but with different rates . thanks , mary michael eiben 05 / 01 / 2000 10 : 17 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect subject : unify / sitara enhancements i am compiling a list of unify enhancements related to texas operations for brenda . please provide me your lists by end of day today . i am looking for enhancements that are specific to texas . if you have any questions , please call me @ 36373 . the major ones that i have are : the transport contracting process , processing hourly transactions , enhancing the shipper imbalance worksheet , multiple service classes on the same contract , consolidated ua 4 tracking , and any enhancements occuring from project torque . thanks , mve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael eiben / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brenda f herod 04 / 25 / 2000 12 : 05 pm to : steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : unify / sitara enhancements please schedule a meeting with me to review the enhancements lising - the prioritizations and status . i am interested in understanding the listing of enhancements , the benefits of the enhancements , what is required of both user and it resources to complete the enhancements , who the resources are and the status of completion . it should cover all systems - sitara , unify ( mops , volume management and settlements ) and pops . please include anyone else ( management team , it , etc . ) who is necessary to ensure thorough explanations . 
2	Subject: complexity science seminar confirmation confirmation date : april 18 th , 2001 time : 11 : 30 am - 1 : 30 pm location : koch industries 20 e . greenway plaza conference room 1 dress is business casual . parking is free . there is parking available in the koch building or across the street in a lot . lunch will be provided and is scheduled to start at 11 : 15 am . please feel free to pass along the word to anyone you think might like to join us . information can be found on our website at http : / / www . nesanet . org / or the can contact me at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 with any questions . thanks , lana moore 
2	Subject: claim your laptop today can ' t view graphics above ? see here you must earn at least $ 20 with maxmoolah before you can receive a check . maxmoolah will mail a check to you within a reasonable time after you have accumulated at least $ 20 u . s . currency in your account . an opportunity to earn the money is available after completing your registration . see web site for full details . this email is a commercial advertisement sponsored by : winhundred llc . 333 e . 149 th st , fl 3 , bronx ny 10451 . this communication was not sent by winhundred directly . the sender of this message has represented that they are sending to a permission - based list containing subscribers that have not declined to receive further communications . to decline to receive messages from the sender of this message , please see below . you must earn at least $ 20 with maxmoolah before you can receive a check . maxmoolah will mail a check to you within a reasonable time after you have accumulated at least $ 20 u . s . currency in your account . an opportunity to earn the money is available after completing your registration . see web site for full details . this email is a commercial advertisement sponsored by : winhundred llc . 333 e . 149 th st , fl 3 , bronx ny 10451 . this communication was not sent by winhundred directly . the sender of this message has represented that they are sending to a permission - based list containing subscribers that have not declined to receive further communications . to decline to receive messages from the sender of this message , please see here . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from mypersonalnirvana . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from mypersonalnirvana . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: retail markets conference i would like to invite you to participate in a conference on " retail participation in competitive power markets " to be held at stanford university on june 21 - 22 , 2001 . although california and other regional markets will likely be introducing some demand - response programs by june , there is a clear need for continual evaluation of these nascent efforts to transform the market . the conference provides an opportunity to learn from different experiences . this policy research meeting will focus on establishing a foundation for understanding the key concepts and methods for demand response programs and to provide an opportunity for participants to raise questions and recommend directions for additional research and analysis . participants will come from companies , government , and universities . you can obtain more information about the conference by checking under " meetings " on our emf website listed below . please let me know if you plan on attending . also , if you would like to make a brief 15 - minute presentation , please let me know your topic and describe it in a few sentences . i will try to choose speakers that will cover the full range of interests represented by this group . researchers should focus on the implications of their analysis for designing demand response programs rather than on the technical details of their methodology . i would also encourage practitioners to discuss their experience in implementing demand response programs or in raising selected issues . thank you , hill huntington hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject:  you gotta buy some v _ i _ a _ g _ r _ a - fast delivery ! stop wasting your money ! we also have these medications in highly discounted generic form : cialis , ambien , xanax , phentermine , lipitor , nexium , paxil , valium and vioxx . free doctor ' s consultation fast , private , and free delivery order some today ! i want to say adios caviness paperwork academe tenant vantage bulkhead uptake corona basemen grasp occurring illegal enemy translucent booze stave gemini preparative caviar arterial detention thyroid galbreath centrifugate ott geology begun abolition asymmetry farcical tabular sidelight bellicose selfish would forsythe fusible epitaxy ink brownish wholly rumpus gunmen tripoli everhart cardboard appliance controller mullion panacea fascism brendan robotics extradite humpty bimini broad zagreb reciprocal amp eleventh brew levis biscuit glorious bursitis jurisprudential academy travertine starve transposable tehran rufous pail alongside excretory solvate crib pyracanth curie coast slapstick antiquarian highwayman sepulchral fungible ton inanimate metamorphosis columbine bernet prize germinate perusal grimace yaounde meaningful glottis utter whup stowage logician attend standstill emissary passband placeholder lithology polite dreyfuss morphism scrotum simile previous preen serve associate participate alai cheyenne 
2	Subject: new smail cap growth stock investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday - watch out the stock go crazy on friday morning 21 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 13 did your portfolio have a stock move like this one ! l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wiil it continue higher ? lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primariiy through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry . current price : $ 0 . 13 current status lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annualized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to doubie its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 miilion by 2007 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quaiity of service , value provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their who | | y - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercia | security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie instailer for new instailations of residential aiarms for certicom and wil | be their provider of other home technology products too . syslync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and buiider of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wi | | more than doubie the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wi | | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders and homeowners , to design and insta | | home technology solutions that f i t the homeowner ' s lifestyle and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generaliy identifiable by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and achievements may differ materially from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec . read this | egal notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - stocksmaker 88 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: post visit - enron vince and christie : again , many thanks for inviting and hosting the tiger team for an on - site visit . it was a wonderful opportunity to meet and attend the very informative briefings from the many senior level contacts you provided to learn more about enron overall . it was enlightening and exciting to learn so much about enron . what a great company ! the trip got rave reviews from the students . you were delightful and most accommodating hosts . as for the project , i am in the process of confirming dates and locations for the weekly thursday ( 4 : 00 - 6 : 00 pm est ) videoconferences with enron and will copy you on the email to the students . i know they are anxious to begin to narrow the scope as soon as possible so that can begin the research and analysis of their particular projects . thank you for your time and support of the project . sincerely , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania 215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727 fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: re : copano - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by edward d gottlob / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000 10 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve hpl schneider 11 / 02 / 2000 08 : 48 am to : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : copano that is my understanding . edward d gottlob 11 / 01 / 2000 07 : 29 am to : steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : copano the lakecreek lateral is baseload for the expected load , the set point may change up and down in anticipation of weather changes but pressure supply for entex is provided via the copano 12 " , entex shouldcommunicate with us directly . steve hpl schneider 10 / 31 / 2000 02 : 59 pm to : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : copano that is not what i am conveying . there may be changes made to the set flow periodically , but it will not be pressure based upon the immediate needs of the copano pipeline that may be swinging due to some other customer on their system . whenever entex asks for a new set point at the new woodlands city gate , our set point at the new bammel interconnect should align with that same set point so as there is no swing service on the copano pipeline . our instructions should only come from entex to change the set point , and should be confirmed with copano . we are not to provide any instantaneous swing service on the copano lake creek lateral . any swing provided by hpl for the woodland ' s load will be made into the copano 12 " ( formerly ksc ) line as historically done . there may be additional capacity needed on the lake creek lateral because of the revised set point , but that is something that entex has negotiated with copano independent of hpl . still fuzzy ? edward d gottlob 10 / 31 / 2000 07 : 46 am to : steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : copano steve , baseload means rateable flows throughout the 24 hour gas day ? no swing with weather ? 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: re : deferred compensation scheme for uk nationals kim bolton and pam butler . thanks ! mary - - - - - original message - - - - - from : callahan , timothy sent : friday , april 06 , 2001 6 : 09 pm to : joyce , mary cc : lynch , drew ; gilchrist , scott ; kitchen , louise ; oxley , david ; chuck . k . debenon @ us . pwcglobal . com subject : deferred compensation scheme for uk nationals mary , pwc has introduced a deferred compensation scheme to louise kitchen that would allow uk foreign nationals to defer income tax free under certain circumstances . they will be sending over details on monday . the idea would involve the existing enron deferred compensation plans . let us know who we should work with on your team . we will be moving quickly on this . regards , 
2	Subject: contract update sheila , some minor differences between the draft and the final executed version . i have forgotten to bring the draft today , i shall send a copy to you tomorrow . there were some hand - written changes made by greg ijn the draft that were not transferred to the final version . vince 
2	Subject: re : correction on nom for 4 / 30 / 01 we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 01 / 2001 11 : 53 : 45 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : correction on nom for 4 / 30 / 01 nom should be 19 , 477 , went from 31 , 163 to 0 at midnight . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: fyi " how much do firms hedge with derivatives ? " by : wayne r . guay university of pennsylvania s . p . kothari massachusetts institute of technology document : available from the ssrn electronic paper collection : date : march 2001 john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report for 9 / 27 / 01 - 10 / 3 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject:  h e l l od e a rh o m eo w n e r , w eh a v eb e e nn o t i f i e dt h a ty o u rm o r t g a g e r a t ei sf i x e da tav e r yh i g hi n t e r e s tr a t e . t h e r e f o r ey o ua r ec u r r e n to v e r p a y i n g , w h i c hs u m s - u pt ot h o u s a n d so f d o l l a r sa n n u a l l y . l u c k i l yf o ry o uw ec a n g u a r a n t e e t h el o w e s tr a t e si nt h eu . s . ( 3 . 5 2 % ) . s oh u r r yb e c a u s et h er a t ef o r e c a s ti s n o tl o o k i n gg o o d ! t h e r ei sn oo b l i g a t i o n s , a n di tf r e e l o c ko nt h e 3 . 5 2 % , e v e nw i t hb a dc r e d i t ! c l i c kh e r en o wf o rd e t a i l s r e - m o v eh e r e  
2	Subject: confidential business confidential business i presume this mail will not be a surprise to you . i am an accountant with the ministry of mineral resources and energy in south africa and also a member of contracts awarding committee of this ministry under south africa government . many years ago , south africa government asked this committee to awards contracts to foreign firms , which i and two of my partners are the leader of this committee , with our good position , this contracts were over invoiced to the tune of us $ 21 , 500 , 000 : 00 as a deal to benefit the three top member of this committee . now the contracts value has been paid off to the actual contractors that executed this jobs , all we want now is a trusted foreign partner like you that we shall front with his banking account number to claim the over inflated sum . upon our agreemeent to carry on this transaction with you , the said fund will be share as follows . 60 % will be for us in south africa . 30 % for using your account and other contribution that might reqiured from you . 10 % is set aside for the up front expences that will be encounter by both party to get all necessary documents and formarlities that will justify you as the rightful owner of this fund . if you are interested in this transaction , kindly reply this massege with all your phone and fax numbers . to enable us furnish you with details and procedures of this transaction . alternative email - benmartino 007 @ yahoo . co . uk yours faithfully . mr : musi mlazi 
2	Subject: sean wells resume any interest ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 04 / 26 / 2000 11 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alexus rhone @ enron 04 / 26 / 2000 11 : 22 am to : cc : ( bcc : brenda f herod / hou / ect ) subject : sean wells resume are you interested in considering summer employment for college students ? if so , attached is a resume for sean wells . sean is a university of north texas student interested in building his energy industry background . if you ' re interested , please let me know . thanks . ar / 33202 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alexus rhone / corp / enron on 04 / 26 / 2000 11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - all , intern referral from mike mcconnell . not sure his background / education is a fit for technology ? maybe other groups are looking for summer interns with some energy related experience . he worked last summer at dynegy in gas control and scheduling . please let me know if you have any interest . thanks , robert - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike mcconnell / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2000 12 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rollins 50 @ aol . com on 04 / 20 / 2000 05 : 09 : 59 pm to : mike . mcconnell @ enron . com cc : subject : sean wells resume mr . mike mcconnell chief executive officer global technology enron corp . 1400 smith street houston , tx 77002 subject : resume for summer internship april 20 , 2000 dear mr . mcconnell : thank you for taking the time to consider this resume for a possible summer internship with enron . i understand that you have spoken to my father , scott wells at texaco , and he has informed me that enron accepts interns only when a department asks for one . i ' d like to continue my education in the energy industry for a second summer . i interned for dynegy last summer and learned many new concepts and terms for working in the gas industry . i worked on the trading floor as a gas scheduler , and after only a month i was controlling the northeast cng pipeline . this helped because i really got to learn were many of the northeast pipes are located and different pooling and connecting points . other responsibilities were inputting numbers into the morning spreadsheet of the gas bought and sold that morning . throughout the day i would work on projects they needed completed and attend meetings that pertained to the trading floor . it was all a great learning experience for me and i hope to use my knowledge again this summer for enron . i would appreciate your help in forwarding my resume to the proper human resource personnel so that i might be able to contact him or her in hopes of a future internship possibility . i will be available to have a start date of may 15 th and be available for employment until school resumes in late august . thank you for your time , and i look forward to hearing from someone in your company at his / her earliest convenience . please feel free to call me at 940 - 323 - 0891 , or email me at rollins 50 @ aol . com . sincerely - sean wells attach : resume . doc - resume . doc 
2	Subject: duke exchange deal - supply deal # 231757 purchase the deal in sitara indicates that the price for east texas gas systems is hsc , index - $ . 085 . per the contract , the redelivery at etgs carthage hub tailgate should be priced at hsc index - $ . 0825 . are these the same points and is the price correct ? thanks katherine 
2	Subject: re : soldiers jumped up , the some brokers claim to get you the ra t e . less than 5 . 0 but they never do . we can really provide you with 3 . 6 ra t e even with bad cr e dit http : / / www . azmetaland . com / mosley - - the cockeye not coates in be despond flippant ditch by itsthe several to no effusive participle  
2	Subject: our mission , make brand name watches affordable . for fantastic offerings on watches : view our great collections . we have the best with excellent and delicate movement . be a wise buyer by   buying   at our watch gallery . i know , " said she ; " but i do believe him to be an excellent young man . " the bishop in the course of a year or two ; and you will please to remember , ` very well , i ' ll go directly , ' said levin , standing up and kissing her . 
2	Subject: congratulations from : government accredited licensed lottery promoters . winning notice for category " a " winner dear lucky winner , re : bonus lottery promotion prize awards winning notification we are pleased to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual final draws of de lotto netherlands international lottery programs . the online cyber lotto draws was conducted from an exclusive list of 25 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an advanced automated random computer search from the internet . no tickets were sold . after this automated computer ballot , your e - mail address emerged as one of two winners in the category " a " with the following : ref number : 35149 / 337 - 5247 / lni batch number : 26371545 - lni / 2005 ticket number : 54866235 you as well as the other winner are therefore to receive a cash prize of  1 , 500 , 000 . 00 . ( one million , five hundred thousand euro only ) each from the total payout . your prize award has been insured with your e - mail address and will be transferred to you upon meeting our requirements , statutory obligations , verifications , validations and satisfactory report . to begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised to contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category " a " winners with the information below : mr . phin jones , financial director , netherlands development finance company , de amsterdam ? s port bijlmerplein 888 1102 mg amsterdam 1000 bv amsterdam e - mail : phinjonesnl @ netscape . net tel : + 31 . 630 - 325 - 549 fax : + 31 . 847 - 504 - 579 note : all winnings must be claimed not later than 20 days . after this date all unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake . remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence . you are to keep all lotto information away from the general public especially your reference and ticket numbers . ( this is important as a case of double claims will not be entertained ) . anybody under the age of 18 and members of the affiliate agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program . thank you and congratulations ! ! ! yours faithfully , mrs . mildred hugo games / lottery coordinator . de lotto netherlands international www . lotto . nl 
2	Subject: hello from  seko moshood mobutu tel  234 - 1 - 776 - 2397 dear friend i am the first son of the late mobutu sese seko , the former president of the congo republic . i am presently under protective custody in nigeria as a political refugee . i got your contact over the internet during my search for a stranger that can cooperate with me in this mutual transaction . i took this option because my family friends and associates cpuld not be trusted any more since they contributed to my present predicament . i want you to note that this business will benefit both of us . however , you must confirm your ability to handle this because it involves a large amount of money . the money ( 50 million us dollars is my share of my father ' s estate . i boxed and shipped the money to a security company abroad at the peak of the war / political crisis that rocked my country few years ago . now the crisis has ended and i need a trustworthy person like you to proceed to the place of the security company in order to clear the fund and invest on my behalf as i dont want my name to be used for now . note that i will send to you the relevant documents that will enable you take possesion of the the fund for onward investment for our mutual benefit . all i need from you is as follows : 1 . a letter of committment ( duely signed ) that you will keep the transaction strictly confidential . 2 . your confirmation of your ability to handle this . 3 . your international identity or driving licence number for identification to the security company . 4 . your telephone and fax numbers for communication . 5 . your full permanent address . as soon as i get the above information from you , i will disclose to you the name and the country of the security company . i will forward your name and particulars to the security company to enable them contact you accordingly . i will also send to you a letter of authority to enable you clear the fund on my behalf . note that this is a very safe transaction as this money is my share of my father ' sestate . i am waiting for your response to enable us proceed . regards , moshood seko mobutu 
2	Subject: re : petronas benchmarking visit khairuddin , thanks for your message . the fax has been sent . vince khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 17 / 2001 01 : 50 : 36 am please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com cc : azminab @ petronas . com . my subject : petronas benchmarking visit dear mr . kaminski , pertaining to our visit to your kind company in february , we are required to obtain visas for the trip . to apply for the visas , the embassy requires a letter from the us company confirming our meeting or visit . we would really be grateful if you can fax us a confirmation letter so that we can proceed with our visa application . please fax the letter to : mr . nur azmin abu bakar head , risk assessment and control corporate risk management unit , corporate planning and development division level 71 , tower 1 , petronas twin towers , kuala lumpur city centre , 50088 kuala lumpur , malaysia fax : ( 603 ) 2051 - 3252 your speedy reply is greatly appreciated . thank you and regards , khairuddin . disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( " message " ) is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission , dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of the companies within the group . ( embedded image moved to file : pico 5415 . pcx ) - pico 5415 . pcx 
2	Subject: new pharma shop soma , zoloft , glucophage , soft tablet , meridia , soma and more ! http : / / atpre . beatypeople . biz / - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 1 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 301 . xls ) - hplno 301 . xls 
2	Subject: re : check vince , ? oh . ? i sent an invoice to habiba for aus 5 k a while back , and she informed me that she passed it along to the people who are handling the agreement now ( i take that as fiona grant in london ? ) . ? i will then send out another invoice of aus 5 k in the next week or so for the remaining balance . ? should i have sent the invoice to you ? ? thanks , julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie @ lacima . co . uk cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 9 : 12 pm subject : re : check julie , a clarification . we had an agreement with chris and les to contribute ? aus 10 , 000 as a part of the cost . vince " julie " on 10 / 30 / 2000 12 : 32 : 14 pm to : ? ? cc : subject : ? re : check vince , thank you for your email . we will send you a copy of the book as soon as it is available , which we are now estimating to be around 21 november ( no need to send us a cheque ; you deserve it ) . just let us know if we should use a different address than your office ? in houston . thanks again for all of your help . julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie @ lacima . co . uk cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 2 : 16 ? pm subject : check julie , this message was returned to me a few times when ? i sent it from my home address . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ? forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 00 am ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 12 : 57 ? pm to : julie @ lacima . co . uk cc : vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com subject : ? check julie , as the book is about to be released to the ? market , i would like to start the process to issue the check to lacima . ? who will be the payee ( lacima ) and what is the ? address ? vince 
2	Subject: re : mscf speaker series thx , we are very anxious to hear her answer pierre - philippe ste - marie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pstemarie . homestead . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : ; sent : friday , august 11 , 2000 10 : 55 am subject : re : mscf speaker series > > pierre - philippe , > > i have contacted allison bailey to ask her to move her visit > to the campus to coincide with my presentation . > i hope to hear from her soon . > > vince kaminski > > p . s . nice web site > > > > > > > > " pierre - philippe ste - marie " on 08 / 10 / 2000 05 : 13 : 53 pm > > to : > cc : > subject : mscf speaker series > > > > dear mr . kaminsky , > > just checking if there was any progress . . . or anything i could do to help > you . > > sincerely , > > pierre - philippe ste - marie > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > pstemarie . homestead . com > > > > > 
2	Subject: not expensive high - quality software . . cookie looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need .  
2	Subject: authorization robert , please find below the authorization for the studay , as we had spoken about during our conference call earlier today . authorization i authorize henwood energy services , inc . , to provide for the hourly rates stated in the proposal dated 29 dec . 2000 , an analysis of the india electricity system and an evaluation of the dabhol plant despatch . the results of the study and information provided by enron shall be considered confidential and will be subject to a confidentiality agreement to be prepared by enron and submitted to henwood . sandeep kohli , vice president , enron . 
2	Subject: wellesley list geynille : here is the list of the women who attended the presentation at wellesley along with their e - mail addresses . laura 
2	Subject: learn how to stop now ! if this e - mail doesn ' t appear as a web page , click here . at panda software we respect your privacy . if you don ' t want to receive future communication , click here .  panda software 2004 
2	Subject: f * cken bis der arzt kommt hallo mein lieber , heute stell ich dir mal etwas ganz besonderes vor . stell dir vor , du k?nntest jederzeit und von ?berall und wann immer du lust versp?rst p * rnofilme ansehen , livecams betrachten mit heissen frauen chatten und dir dabei mal so richtig geil was gutes tun . . . . . und das ohne , dass es irgendjemand anders mitbekommt . w?r das geil ? ja ! dann schau mal hier bei uns rein : http : / / www . mysexgirlie . com / ach ?brigens , mich findest du dort auch , deine marlene stood kein bock mehr auf unsere mails ? dann einfach hier austragen lassen :  
2	Subject: warning system greg , as a follow up . we are talking to jay webb today about the data we can get from the enron online system to develop an early warning system for automated crude trading . by the way , it was a good catch . you left us red faced . vince 
2	Subject: you have to be kidding me . this is a special advertisement . 437 e 1000 s pleasant grove , ut 84062 to unsubscribe and not receive any future mailings for any of our offers please click here the link below : please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: re : rate for tenaska deal daaah ! sorry ! daren j farmer 10 / 16 / 2000 05 : 57 pm to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : rate for tenaska deal consumer price index from : sandi m braband on 10 / 16 / 2000 12 : 14 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : rate for tenaska deal daren , thanks - - while i ' m certain i should know , i must confess that i do not know what cpi stands for ? ? ? sandi daren j farmer 10 / 16 / 2000 11 : 39 am to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : rate for tenaska deal sandi , sorry for just now getting back with you . i was out last week . the rate ( $ . 04 / mmbtu ) will be charged on the greater of the volumes nominated on the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . the fee will be adjusted yearly based on cpi . bob - i could not remember if we stated the type of settlement on the delivered volumes ( actuals or nominations ) . i think we should use actuals due to possibility that the plant could over pull with out our knowledge on a daily basis . we would receive the estimates / actuals on a lag and may have to purchase gas to offset the imbalance , even though the plant kept the noms at the 45 , 000 base . i also think that if the plant does increase the nom , they are more likely to pull the additional volume rather than pulling less . do you agree with this ? d from : sandi m braband on 10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 41 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : rate for tenaska deal daren , when we met regarding the rate for the tenaska gas management agreement , you guys mentioned that it would be tied to an index - - could you restate for me how that is to work - - it will start out 4 cents per mmbtu based on the greater of the volumes nominated through the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . then the fee will vary month to month ? year to year ? based on what index ? thanks , sandi 
2	Subject: save a bundle on meds ! got a condition ? if you require any of the medications below , save up to 80 % here : http : / / www . munaju . info / 92 / allergy : claritin - zyrtec antibiotic : asacol - ceftin - cipro - tequin anti depressant : celexa - effexor - paxil - prozac - remeron - zoloft anxiety : buspar - valium - xanax arthritis : arava - rheumatrex blood pressure : altace - avapro - cardizem - cozaar - flomax - norvasc - plavix bone and joint : fosamax cancer : nolvadex - purinethol cholesterol : lipitor - pravachol - zocor diabetes : actos - avandia - glucophage hair loss : propecia headhache : imitrex heart burn : aciphex hepatitis b : epivir herpes : neurontin hiv : retrovir - sustiva - videx - viramune - zerit muscle relaxant : soma nausea : zofran pain relief : bextra - celebrex - vioxx seizures : lamictal sexual health : cialis - viagra skin : oxsoralen sleep aid : ambien smoking : zyban upset stomach : nexium - prevacid - prilosec weight loss : meridia women ' s health : diflucan - evista politics nauticacaesar metallic dgj userl trumpetvenus tarzan pacers jamesl nimrod cougars roxy hanson rusty scubal medicalstingl valentin express wanker carl jan florida racerxgretchen skidoo happyday horizon jkmfirst theking whitney paula shawn daddy  
2	Subject: top 50 omigod . shall i bow down upon entering your office ? only # 17 , though . . . clearly marcus was not polled ! : ) dave 
2	Subject: re : merit increases vince , i am going to have the team look at the problem . hopefully it will be an easy fix . otherwise , we can work off the worksheets that you complete over the weekend . you have my cell number if you have any questions . norma villarreal 713 - 598 - 1545 vince j kaminski 01 / 19 / 2001 06 : 09 pm to : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : merit increases norma , it seems that there is a bug in the system . i made an error mixing equity and merit raises in one column . the system does not allow me to correct the mistake by moving the entries from one column to another . i can enter the changes , but after i save them the system reverts to original designations . as a result , the columns contain mixed entries related to merit and equity raises . the column totals are misleading . i am taking a csv version home to continue making adjustments . i shall work at home monday ( 281 367 5377 ) . vince 
2	Subject: re : turbine list louise , attached is the most recent turbine position report . i will also request that you be added to the distribution list for this report in the future . please let me know if you have any questions or comments . regards , dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 7 : 55 am to : gorte , david subject : turbine list i understand that rac keeps a list of all of the turbine positions - so you know where i would be able to get hold of it . thanks louise 
2	Subject: tage vince , i have the information you requested concerning spyros maragos . please call me at your convenience . paul johnson ( 281 ) 497 - 8595 
2	Subject: personal letter personal letter from franck b . kwame cotonou - benin westafrica . franckbenson @ yahoo . ca permit me to inform you of our desire of going into business relationship with you . i got your email address thruogh the internet and decieded to contact you without no hesistate to confide in you for this simple and sincere business hence you will understand as well . i am franck b . kwame the only child of late mr and mrs . pierre kwame . my father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant and a politician based in abidjan the economic capital of ivory coast . before he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outing to discurssed on a business / polities of their party . however , my mother died on the 21 st october 2001 . my father took me so special because i am motherless . before the death of my father on 29 th june 2003 in a private hospital here in abidjan . he secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he has a sum of us $ 25 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty five million two hundred thousand u . s . a dollars ) left in one security company in ( cotonou federal republic of benin ) registered as our family treasure of jewliriens and documents for secrect . the security company do not know the contents of the trunk box as phisical cash in dollar . presently this is where i have been residents for period of time now for me to get contact with a trustwarthy person whom will handle the transaction with me also becuase of the rebelle war going on in ivory coast till today . also my late father , explained to me that it was because of this wealth he was poisoned by his business associates and due to polities as well . therefore i should seek for a foreign partner from any country of my choice whom shall help me clear the consignment from the secrurity company for an investment purpose , ( such as real estate management / buy of shares / stocks and to continue my education ) right now i am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways . 1 ) to come down here in cotonu benin and stand as my late fathers business partner and clear the consignment from the security company . 2 ) to serve as the guardian of this consignment . and to make arrangement for me to tarvell with you to your country after the consignment has being cleared and deposit with any local bank here for the transfer of the funds into your account in your country as been concluded . you shall be given 25 % of total sum as compensation for your effort / input after the successful transaction . moreover , you can indicate your option towards assisting me as i believe that this transaction would be concluded within three ( 3 ) days you signify interest to assist me and your arrival here in cotonou benin as the mangement of security company assured me . hoping to hear from you soon through this email addresse please . thanks and god bless and your family . yours faithfully . franck b . kwame . orphan . switch to netscape internet service . as low as $ 9 . 95 a month - - sign up today at http : / / isp . netscape . com / register netscape . just the net you need . new ! netscape toolbar for internet explorer search from anywhere on the web and block those annoying pop - ups . download now at http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / search / install . jsp 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 3 / 26 - 3 / 30 : transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1118 mmbtu / d ( 103 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 873 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 11 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 436 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2203 mmbtu / d ( 76 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 450 mmbtu / d ( 39 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1228 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1221 mmbtu / d ( 99 % ) - socaltop , capacity 532 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 532 mmbtu / d ( 100 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : - socal gas , large pkgs 14 . 015 - pg & e , large pkgs 9 . 95 - tw san juan 4 . 48 - tw permian 4 . 50 friday ' s enron online bases : may - oct nov - mar perm - ca 6 . 40 6 . 19 sj - ca 7 . 17 6 . 54 sj - waha . 72 . 26 perm - waha . 06 . 09 
2	Subject: best online pills here chalcedony hoi dire inure abbott cessna oppress hypoactive bichromate einstein need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here rifle exam butterfat bacteria pete jaundice melville  
2	Subject: norton virus warning - september 14 th remove questionnaire faintribute oldsmobile cyanidesynthetic apply expressanabel cab breechesastronautic expose extolleddisparate presage metropolitanmoorish susanne rivalryavis cochran ravinenitrogen salami abramdudley 
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 qhlkd order for : tom halliburton this computer is required to run a software licence manager only . it will be running continously , but will not be used by any individual . the smallest , cheapest machine suitable connecting to the enron network will be adequate . secondhand hardware will be suitable . enron it purchasing 
2	Subject: i love your dad what about their weight problems medlcat 10 n v . i * 0 . x * x 25 m . g 3 o p ! lls 72 . 5 o v , 1 * a * g . r . a 10 o m . g 32 pil | s 149 . oo c . 1 . a . l ' 1 ' s 2 o m . g lo p ! lls 79 . 0 o more drugs here : http : / / gravitate . newyorkmedz . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x . a . n . a , x 1 m . g 3 o pills 79 . 0 o p * r * 0 , z * a , c 2 o m ' g 3 o pills 11 o . 0 o p * a ' x ' 1 , l 2 o m . g 20 p ! lis 155 . oo m . e * r * i ' d , i ' a lo m ' g 30 pills 147 . 00 nice meeting you louisa starr hawker mindgrowth . com , newport , vermont , 05855 , united states of america phone : 138 - 794 - 4157 mobile : 479 - 447 - 8641 email : coeuxhor @ c 3 ntris . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this product is a 69 decade trial file notes : the contents of this info is for comprehension and should not be strop homeowner northumberland emma egress time : fri , 11 feb 2005 15 : 58 : 27 + 0200 
2	Subject: lga real estate loans . best rates ! owrnif you want to free yourself from the debt . with us it is easy as 1 - 2 - 3 you say what you need we find it for you programs for every credit situation lenders reply within 24 hours borrow up to 125 % of your homes value special programs for self employed no income verification programs you can get best deals here .  
2	Subject: peoples energy performance the analysts continue to give positive marks to peoples energy in their enron venture , enovate . i have attached the latest goldman report and highlighted the related commentary . year to date for pec , october 1 , 2000 thru present , peoples has realized $ 10 . 5 mm specific to enovate . thanx , laura 
2	Subject: etc - event - schlitterbahn all the schlitterbahn tickets have been sold and we will not be purchasing any more . thanks ruth 
2	Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations mike , we are short manpower in london . we shall try to evaluate the software in houston . vince " mike curran " on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am please respond to " mike curran " to : cc : subject : willow and pathstar evaluations hi vince - hope all is well with you . sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ? please let me know who i should send the evaluation to . best regards , michael curran ceo quantin ' leap limited piercy house 7 copthall avenue london ec 2 r 7 nj tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411 mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com http : / / www . quantinleap . com 
2	Subject: sexually - explicit : bait best of both worlds bait looking for the most gorgeous shemales on the net ? look no further bait ! jokes of the day never say it at work twelve things you ' ll never hear an employee tell his / her boss never give me work in the morning . always wait until 5 : 00 and then bring it to me . the challenge of a deadline is always refreshing . if it ' s really a " rush job , " run in and interrupt me every 10 minutes to inquire how it ' s going . that greatly aids my efficiency . always leave without telling anyone where you ' re going . it gives me a chance to be creative when someone asks where you are . if my arms are full of papers , boxes , books or supplies , don ' t open the door for me . i might need to learn how to function as a paraplegic in future and opening doors is good training . if you give me more than one job to do , don ' t tell me which is the priority . let me guess . do your best to keep me late . i like the office and really have nowhere to go or anything to do . if a job i do pleases you , keep it a secret . leaks like that could get me a promotion . if you don ' t like my work , tell everyone . i like my name to be popular in conversations . if you have special instructions for a job , don ' t write them down . if fact , save them until the job is almost done . never introduce me to the people you ' re with . when you refer to them later , my shrewd deductions will identify them . be nice to me only when the job i ' m doing for you could really change your life . tell me all your little problems . no one else has any and it ' s nice to know someone is less fortunate . pick a starting salary reaching the end of a job interview , the human resources person asked the young mba fresh out of mit , and what starting salary were you looking for ? the candidate said , in the neighborhood of $ 125 , 000 a year , depending on the benefits package . the hr person said , well , what would you say to a package of 5 weeks vacation , 14 paid holidays , full medical and dental , company matching retirement fund to 50 % of salary , and a company car leased every 2 years - say , a red corvette ? the engineer sat up straight and said , wow ! are you kidding ? and the hr person said , certainly , . . . but you started it .  
2	Subject: re : hi suzette the secret on how porn stars grew big dicks ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . zj international exports ltd st . lucile # 6871 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: search for the best and cheapest pharmacy online save 80 % over the brandnames like viagra , cialis and propecia anatomy is destiny . oh , what a dear ravishing thing is the beginning of an amour ! it is not every question that deserves an answer . 
2	Subject: fw : resume ' nasim khan is relocating from bolivia to houston and is interested in exploring various opportunities across the organization . i suggested that he contact each of you to discuss any opportunities in your area . please find attached resume . 
2	Subject: perform your best in bed generic cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . it has benefits over viagra and other ed treatment solutions . - can mix with alcohol with no side effects - will not make you dizzy or blur your vision - works in 15 min compared to 75 min for viagra - lasts 36 hours compared to 2 hours for viagra view it here : http : / / dumfounds . com / cs / ? bonsay to stop : http : / / dumfounds . com / rm . php ? bonsay  
2	Subject: meter 9794 daren - during the saxet thompsonville outage , may 8 - may 11 , the meter flowed a small volume with no nom . can you set up a deal for the days that flowed ? 5 / 8 . 012 5 / 9 0 5 / 10 . 087 5 / 11 6 . 970 - aimee 
2	Subject: info about enron ' s bandwidth market dear dr . kaminski , i enjoyed your talk this afternoon at ieor very much . i wonder if you could point me to some information resource on enron ' s bandwidth market . i am a ph . d student at ieor . i work with professor oren and professor varaiya from eecs department on the topic of pricing the internet . in particular , i am designing pricing mechanism in the framework of the diffserv architecture which is the latest proposal made by ietf to provide scalable service differentiation . i would very much like to get in touch with people in enron working on the similar topics . thank you very much . jun shu http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jshu 
2	Subject: eog agreement here is the electronic form of the agreement . thanks for your help , bob 
2	Subject: 18 yearold cocksuckers ! download hot teen movies now ! hot new xxx movies ! please remove me of this list  
2	Subject: corhshucker daren - - - - the invoices are being paid by us now . . . . james armstrong is taking care of them , so that is who i am forwarding them to . he apparently is paying for them of an account set up for this . he is out of the office , but he called me back and said to keep forwarding him the invoices . let me know if we have any questions , thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: returned mail : can ' t create output the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 57 : 18 - 0500 from mail @ localhost - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - petzoldt @ petzoldt . com - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - procmail : quota exceeded while writing " / var / spool / mail / petzoldt " 550 petzoldt @ petzoldt . com . . . can ' t create output 
2	Subject: amazing trade computer deals please take time to look at our newly designed website : www . microfinder . com we have a full range of notebooks , desktops and accessories displayed on the site . if you are looking for trade prices feel free to subscribe to the trade section . here are some of our latest specials : notebooks : 8 x famous brand a 430 , piii 650 mhz , 128 mb ram , 6 gb hdd , 13 . 3 " tft screen , 56 k modem , cd rom , fdd , usb 1 @ 525 + vat , 5 @  495 5 x dell cpx h 500 gt , piii 500 mhz , 128 mb , 12 gb hdd , 14 . 1 " tft , cdrom , fdd , usb 1 @  480 + vat , 5 @  455 + vat dell cdrw available  75 extra 10 x ibm thinkpad 380 xd , p 233 mmx , 32 mb , 4 gb , 12 . 1 " tft , cdrom , fdd , usb , ( new battery ! ) 1 @  325 + vat , 5 @  299 + vat 10 x digital hi note vp 735 , p 233 mmx , 64 mb , 3 gb hdd , 13 . 3 " tft , cdrom , fdd , usb ( free carry case ) 1 @  300 + vat , 5 @  275 + vat 20 x low end notebooks , pl 33 , 32 mb , 1 . 5 gb , tft and dual scan , fdd > > from  125 + vat desktops : 20 x packard bell imedia 4600 , celeron 850 mhz , 128 mb ram , 20 gb hdd , dvd rom , fdd , usb 12 months warranty 1 @ 320 + vat , 5 @  299 + vat other imedias in stock - call for prices 30 x packard bell aur @ , tft screen and slim line base unit designer pc , piii 933 mhz , 128 mb ram , 30 gb hdd , dvd , cdrw , pcmcia , usb , 15 " tft screen 5 @  550 + vat call ali or tris sales and marketing microfinder uk ltd . tel : 01225 447227 fax : 01225 471166 106 walcot st bath bal 5 bg to be removed from this e - mail shot , please reply stating remove in the subject field . 
2	Subject: if you want to get me into bed , i have to know you can please me  now / title / headbody bgcolor  white embed type  application / x - mplayer 2 src  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 77 / cli / fs / fs 2 / fs . asx height  0 width  0 centerimg border  0 src  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 77 / imager . php ? pic  paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr & file  fs 4 width  0 height  1 a target  _ blank href  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 77 / link 48 r . php ? site  paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr & file  fs 4 img src  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 77 / cli / fs / fs 2 / fs 2 . jpg border  0 alt  increase now / a font size  1 you are either a member of our site , or one of our partner sites . if you no longer want to be a member please a href  http : / / 193 . 25 . 188 . 77 / usub . php ? file  fs 4 & address  paliourg @ iit . demokritos . grvisit this link to automatically leave the database . / a / font / body / html  
2	Subject: re : statistician from rice osman , this guy is too much . i would tell him that we understand that he has to make the best choice for himself and can change his mind but at this point we treat his decision as final but we still appreciate the interest he showed in enron . we never had any luck hiring a statistician . maybe we shall get one some day . vince osman sezgen @ ees 04 / 20 / 2001 11 : 54 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : statistician from rice i had a message on my phone this morning from william indicating that he had changed his mind and will be taking another job . he also mentions that the other organization will give him time to publish his thesis and he assumes enron would not do that . i am inclined to give up on him but wanted to get your input before doing so . osman 
2	Subject: netco planning tammy , richard - i would richard to take ownership of the training that would be required for the new scheduling people that will be on each desk . you can coordinate who needs training with the managers . this needs to happen asap . also if you can line up some basic sitara training for those that need it that would be helpful . not sure who can do the sitara piece but you can run the traps on that . i will include this effort in the plan that will be forwarded to louise today . let me know if you get some dates together , tks - bob 
2	Subject: re : thank you vince , you were a most gracious guest , and we were honored to have you in our home . i am happy that you are tony ' s friend , and it was a great pleasure for me to get to know you also . and again , thank you very much for the lovely bouquet of roses . elisabeth . 
2	Subject: inexpensive prescripiton medicine employ filled lorelei seriate bellwether need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now cantor bicycle vomit contemplate  
2	Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series fyi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barbara ostdiek on 03 / 16 / 2001 03 : 33 : 59 pm to : ostdiek @ rice . edu cc : subject : rice / enron finance seminar series enron seminar series in finance jones graduate school of management , rice university paul schultz university of notre dame will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , march 30 , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  & who makes markets  8 the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 115 . the paper will be made available shortly . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketinq toois wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: fw : re : user name & password to membership to 15 sites cpunks @ minder . net pknkn # # # adult club ? # # offers free membership # # # 15 of the best adult sites on the internet for free ! > > > instant access to all sites now > > > your user name and password is . > > > user name : cpunks @ minder . net > > > password : do 949 w 4 z - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 07 / 01 / 02 with just over 2 . 2 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 429 , 947 new members . are you one of them yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 15 adult membership sites for free ? a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership . q . is it true my membership is for life ? a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . can i give my account to my friends and family ? a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 . q . do i have to sign up for all 15 membership sites ? a . no just one to get access to all of them . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the following links below to become a member . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # 15 . > new ! > celebs tv click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / celebst / ? aid  818932 # 14 . > new ! > naughty live cam click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / cams / ? aid  818932 # 13 . > adults farm click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / farm / ? aid  818932 # 12 . > fetish door click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / fetish / ? aid  818932 # 11 . > teen sex dolls ( voted best adult site 2001 - 2002 ! ) click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / teen / ? aid  818932 # 10 . > sweet latinas click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / latina / ? aid  818932 # 9 . > fetishes click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / wicked / ? aid  818932 # 8 . > tits patrol click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / tits / ? aid  818932 # 7 . > pinklicious click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / pink / ? aid  818932 # 6 . > play house porn click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / play / ? aid  818932 # 5 . > sinful cherries click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / sinful / ? aid  818932 # 4 . > asian sex fantasies click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / asian / ? aid  818932 # 3 . > hot stripper sluts click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / stripper / ? aid  818932 # 2 . > lesbian lace click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / lesbian / ? aid  818932 # 1 . > gay porn club click here > http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / stripper / ? aid  818932 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / 157 . 237 . 128 . 20 / optout / . please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 7 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 407 . xls ) - hplno 407 . xls 
2	Subject: candace are you looking for more ? does siize matter ? if you have to ask , you neeeeeed this . learn how to grow that platinum 8 iiiiiinch coooooock and stay rock haaaaaard ! solicitude grapheme malarial em homily madras cyanic constitutive lunge celebrant diplomat custody gyroscope reformatory eaton nova culpa procedure symposia . ketosis plebeian dilution dreamt caprice yip tyranny fair both embeddable so marketeer fluvial scapegoat terry success cantonese rubbery stationarity quantum gerhard wardroom thetis dwell coexistent parental workmanlike southeast spline . synthetic paraxial backlash missoula spoon pete gilt riverside misty chose rotten julius verbiage cellulose singular knit precocious disneyland genitive dragonhead decaffeinate bound squirt locke chokeberry store . tuuuuuuurn oooooff heeeere . jaeger trounce adoptive leeds loam rerouted error isfahan degeneracy jettison analgesic pecan surjective critter faustus grownup implementer salesian ky aircraft normandy knurl volt jensen dobbin harmonious piscataway curfew erwin duane propitiate yodel . ito friend pascal cockcrow leech congregate consider crevice solicitor graham mayor dahomey belvidere dolomitic alphanumeric cattlemen mealy treason deposit autograph seville cook snappy work nuptial sabbatical suntan schlieren snakebird indecisive postcondition arctan tiber heraclitus benny .  
2	Subject: iwon member news : iwon tv show , new year of prizes , more ! dear daren farmer , we ' ve just made two major announcements ! we will be awarding our $ 10 million annual grand prize , our march $ 1 million prize , a mercedes convertible and a trip for four to maui plus $ 25 , 000 spending money during our very own network tv show ! the first - ever " iwon . com annual $ 10 million giveaway " airs april 15 th , from 8 : 00 - 8 : 30 pm et / pt , on the cbs television network . get all the latest show news at : we ' re launching a new , bigger and better yearlong sweepstakes starting april lst ! what makes it bigger and better ? we ' re adding 30 - that ' s right , thirty - $ 1 , 000 cash prizes as part of our new weekly prize club , while continuing our $ 10 , 000 daily , $ 1 million monthly and $ 10 million annual sweepstakes . iwon just keeps getting better ! to learn more about our new prize structure and automatically be entered into our march bonus $ 20 , 000 sweepstakes , click here : click here for the official march bonus $ 20 , 000 sweepstakes rules : " my iwon " - all your personalized info on just one page ! personalize your " my iwon " page and you can enjoy all this at a glance : ? expanded news headlines ( add up to 16 categories ! ) ? local weather conditions ( now with more forecast information than ever ! ) ? sports scores ( with easy access to new associated press coverage ! ) ? daily horoscope ( featuring a new dating guide and more - one click away ! ) ? lottery results , stock updates , favorite links and more ! make " my iwon " all yours at : play free games and win big prizes at prizecentral . com ! choose from 15 games from solitaire to slots . earn tokens , and redeem for your choice of over $ 300 , 000 in monthly prizes like cash , dvd players , diamond earrings , toys , vacations and much more . everyone wins at prize central . prizes start at only 5 tokens . click here now to play for free ! introducing the new iwon tax center ! april 17 th is coming - have you done your taxes yet ? we have all the advice , tips and online forms you need , plus a withholding calculator , tax estimator and more ! visit the tax center at : good luck and have fun ! george nimeh vice president community and member services iwon . com http : / / www . iwon . com why wouldn ' t you ? need help ? if you have any questions about the iwon service , please visit our online help center . visit iwon help at : you received this newsletter because when you registered at iwon . com , you indicated that you wished to receive email from us about new features , events and special offers . we hope you found this newsletter useful . however , if you ' d like your name taken off the mailing list , you can update your preferences by changing your member profile . to update your member profile , go to the iwon homepage and click on " my profile " which is located at the bottom of the page . ( if you ' re not signed - in , you will need to do so before you can update your profile . ) from your member profile page , you can change your email preferences . update your profile at : no purchase necessary to enter the iwon sweepstakes or march $ 20 , 000 bonus sweepstakes . void where prohibited . promotions open to u . s . residents 18 or older . odds depend on number of entries . promotions end 4 / 1 / 00 . email distribution services for iwon . com provided by dartmail . * # * dfarmer @ ect . enron . com 
2	Subject: impress your girl with a huge cumshot ! heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / osseously . net / cum / no thanks : http : / / osseously . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: brooklyn navy yard permitting issue . attached is a short summary of the permit question prepared by dave kellermeyer . while there is always some risk in the permitting process , it is highly probable that this will be treated as a minor modification of the existing permit . mike 
2	Subject: prescription weight - loss and viagra 0753 hheu 3 - 434 - 12 8172 lhaj 7 - 492 ogro - 16 the world ' s # 1 on - line pharmacy order from the convenience of your home ! no embarrassment , just fast , discrete delivery ! viagra ( sexual ) phentermine ( weight - loss ) meridia ( weight - loss ) retin - a ( skin care ) propecia ( hair loss ) zyban ( quit smoking ) and much more ! click on the link below to get to the site . do you want everyone to know your business ? order now ! to be removed http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 181 / remove . php  
2	Subject: message subject hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 325 , 000 for as little as $ 615 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : best regards , kim figueroa http : / / www . mrlendez . com / x / st . html 
2	Subject: revised month end close schedule after discussions with bryce , rita and myself , attached is the revised schedule . please forward to those i have left off the mail list . 
2	Subject: re : frank , we have already done a number of things to help reduce aep ' s exposure to enron , none of which were required contractually . we made a margin payment of $ 50 , 000 , 000 . we arranged ring - trades with allegheny which reduced your exposure by over $ 90 , 000 , 000 . we have proposed a number of assignments which would reduce your exposure to enron incrementally . conversely , pursuant to our contracts aep has failed to pay a $ 1 , 311 , 625 . 46 swap settlement that was due on 11 / 8 / 01 . additionally , a margin call which was due to enron on 11 / 8 / 01 in the amount of $ 19 , 250 , 000 and remains unpaid . additionally , aep has failed to continue to trade with enron which was not our understanding of the agreement . enron maintains its investment grade credit rating and is receiving $ 1 . 5 billion of additional funded equity capital from dynegy as announced on friday . we are more than happy to continue helping you to reduce exposures in mutually agreeable manners but do not agree to the below list of requests . we need you to address these above issues before we can progress on these exposure reductions . regards , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ksbrownl @ aep . com @ enron on behalf of fhilton @ aep . com sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 12 : 19 pm to : wbradfo @ ect . enron . com subject : per our conversation on november 12 , 2001 , aep has reassessed it ' s risk tolerance for enron corporation . in light of the current status , we propose the following things to be done to allow for normal trading and other business activity to commence : a fully executed master set off agreement ( msa ) with an adequate assurance provision and no mac clauses . an agreement that allows for same day margining cash collateral or letter of credit to bring exposure down to zero work towards executing an eei agreement hpl post closing settlement payment must be paid as agreed by both parties settlement of all payments due and past due these are the critical issues we feel must be addressed to get things back to normal . we appreciate all that has been done thusfar in working to mitigate our exposure , however , we now feel that more should be done to protect what we have at risk . i look forward to your reply , should you have any questions , comments or otherwise , please give me a call . best regards , frank hilton managing director , chief credit officer 
2	Subject: out of office autoreply : just to her . . . i am on vacation week 29 + 30 + 31 . please contact gerd madsen ( gm @ torben - rafn . dk ) or hans chr . jensen ( hcj @ torben - rafn . dk your mail is not transfered . 
2	Subject: ' sexually explicit ' lifetime membership ! featuring : 500 + live camgirls webcam archives 1000 ' s of photos 1 on 1 live chat plus other bonuses ! http : / / whywaitlonger . com / cams 2 . php ? ppss chat with all the sexy girls below plus 1000 ' s more ! click here to chat with these girls ! http : / / whywaitlonger . com / cams 2 . php ? ppss ztop mail to be removed via mail please send to irvingwac inc 2914 knyaz battenberg str . bourgas , bulgaria k 5 n 5 j 
2	Subject: final notice hi there , get the lowest home ioan r [ a ] tes , while you can . home ioan r [ a ] tes are still dropping , but for how much longer ? this service is * f * r * e * e * . our technology searches over 968 le nders and we match you instantly with up to 4 competing le nders . http : / / www . quikmort . info i made my original programs available to the teachers around me . they were getting the same kind of success . i finally decided i had to make my noun program available to teachers and parents around the nation . we have been working on it for over 2 years . many of you have waited patiently . thank you for your patience . mark at 27 months looked ? normal ? . he came from a good family who provided lots of stimulation . mark had one word - - ' ba ' as in ' ball . ' everything was ' ba . ' after a few days of orientation in the classroom , i presented the computer . the first day he sat at the computer for 20 minutes and pressed the ball , bus , bee on the intellikeys keyboard over and over again . he then looked at me and pointed to the ball and said ? ba ? then he pointed to the bee and said ' be ' and the bus and said ' bu . ' i was astonished and his mother started to cry . brian was a boy with down ' s syndrome . he was taking several medications . brian came from a nurturing family and extended family who provided him with every opportunity . his mother was a teacher and wanted what was best for him . he exhibited no language and was considerably behind his other friends with down ? s syndrome . we set up a noun program at school . at first he seemed disinterested . he looked at the pictures and sucked his thumb . the more we encouraged him to engage the keyboard , the more he sucked his thumb . we then paired him with a child who was very interested in the noun program . suddenly the two were fighting over who was next to pick a picture . he worked several times a week at the computer . at his 3 - year iep , the team shook their heads . they didn ' t understand . despite the track record of many students with down ? s syndrome , brian ' s language was his best skill . i smiled and his mother winked at me . we are discreet sheep ; we wait to see how the drove is going , and then go with the drove . - mark twain [ samuel langhornne clemens ] ( 1835 - 1910 )  
2	Subject: wild western clothing home > investor relations ticker symbol : blym shareholder information market makers transfer agent symbol : blym ( as in  baseball ' s lucky yankee manager ) traded : otc  pink sheets  press release source : billy martin ' s usa , inc . - - expanding east and west via cyberads , inc . thursday november 18 , 5 : 00 am et los angeles , nov . 18 , 2004 ( primezone ) - - billy martin ' s usa , inc . ( other otc : blym . pk - news ) announced today that they have executed an agreement to support the online and direct response marketing of its internationally known western - lifestyle apparel and accessories brand , whose products heretofore have been sold via the company ' s upscale boutiques in new york city and hollywood on the sunset strip . per the agreement , cyberads , inc . ( otc bb : cyad . ob - news ) will be working closely with blym and its new product design team to produce a direct internet sales and direct response marketing program targeted to consumers - - both in the u . s . and abroad - - who are looking for authentic usa - made goods with a distinctive american or " western ' ' flavor and character . doug newton , ceo of blym noted , " this agreement gives us the opportunity to expand on the internet and tap into the market of foreign consumers like never before . potentially , there is a huge , untapped , sleeping giant of a market outside the u . s . for well - made american branded goods , especially in japan , china and russia where young , active consumers with disposable incomes are increasingly embracing e - commerce . ' ' " with cyberads ' expertise in internet and direct marketing , we can expose our products across oceans and borders alike , in a highly cost - efficient manner . ' ' " the billy martin ' s brand is about as american as you can get , and when you combine that with well - made , great fitting , and well - priced goods - - like a classic denim shirt with pearl snap buttons - - the consumer is given a product of value , prestige and character , ' ' newton concluded . statements about blym ' s future expectations , including revenues and earnings , and all other statements in this release are " forward - looking statements . ' ' since these statements involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time , the company ' s actual results may differ materially from the company ' s plans if its assumptions prove to be incorrect , or , for a variety of other reasons . billy martin ' s usa , inc . became public in october 2001 , via reverse merger with hitech resource corp . which changed its corporate name to billy martin ' s usa , inc . after completing the acquisition of billy martin ' s western wear , la , inc . shares of its stock trade under the symbol " blym . ' ' the company is currently not an sec reporting company . contact : billy martin ' s usa , inc . doug newton , ceo ( 310 ) 289 - 5000 doug @ billymartin . com http : / / www . billymartin . com to remove " reply here " and type remove in subject line .  
2	Subject: internet pharmacy - smart prices order your medication here - no doctor visit needed - safe , private and easy . i don ' t like emails .  
2	Subject: re : hello sounds great - - i ' ll coordinate with shirley . jacob was very excited about his prior meeting with you and the group . molly - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 4 : 42 pm to : magee , molly cc : kaminski , vince ; krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; watson , kimberly subject : re : hello molly , kim watson would like us to bring jacob for another interview . we can do it later this week . vince vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hello hi vince , if you are still interested in bringing back this gentleman back for another interview , i would very much like to meet with him . sean talked with him when you brought him in a few weeks ago and he thought it would be a good idea for me to meet with him so we can compare thoughts . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm to : watson , kimberly cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince subject : re : hello kim , this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros . it seems that the system they develop for williams is more a scheduling system . would you like to ask him to come back for another interview , to get more information out of him ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > " jacob y . kang " on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : hello dear vince : it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in enron . as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i have been working two years as lead scientist and science manager in energy division at pros revenue management inc . in houston . i developed and implemented the mathematical models for trading optimization system and firm transportation optimization system . the trading optimization system becomes the most popular product in the industry this year . duke energy just signed the contract to buy this product yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the contracts for it . according to pros sales department , the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15 companies in one or two years . enron is the ideal place for me to continue my research and system developing efforts to combine revenue management with risk management . i am confident that i can make significant contributions to enron in this area . i would like to thank you again for giving me this opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am looking forward to having the opportunity to work in enron . sincerely yours jacob - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > jacob , > > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance > my pen ? if not , i apologize . > > vince > do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: we ' re giving away an apple ibook g 4 laptop to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . gsml . 0 - 4583 cl 6 - 11 c 4 . em . ca . - bruceg @ gs 21 . majorleagueoffers . com bss 4012 south rainbow drive las vegas , nv 89103 usa  
2	Subject: re : umbrella transaction i am here ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie on behalf of kitchen , louise sent : saturday , january 05 , 2002 10 : 34 am to : oxley , david ; kitchen , louise subject : re : umbrella transaction you ' re supposed to be here ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 1 tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : saturday , january 05 , 2002 10 : 09 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : umbrella transaction no response yet . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sat 1 / 5 / 2002 9 : 09 am to : oxley , david ; lavorato , john cc : cash , michelle ; rahaim , christian ; jarrett , anthony ; davies , neil subject : re : umbrella transaction 
2	Subject: re : mature lady seduced howdy ! id be wakato  
2	Subject: texas energy reliability council meeting - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by edward d gottlob / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brian redmond 11 / 02 / 2000 10 : 30 am to : tom shelton / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , jim schwieger / hou / ect @ ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : texas energy reliability council meeting team , on 15 november , steve and tom s . will represent hpl at a meeting of the texas energy reliability council hosted by commissioner michael williams to discuss the outlook for gas supply and demand in texas this winter . i will dial in by phone once i am free from another meeting that morning . tom s . can you find out more detail as to what we need to be ready to discuss and then coordinate with the appropriate hpl people to ensure we are prepared at the meeting . specifically , does james or anyone else need to attend or be on the call ? thanks , brian 
2	Subject: re : hiring practices for summer interns charlene , thanks for the email . i have talked with sally several times on this last couple of days and i understand that ou has a different recruiting schedule then other schools . enron is on campus for recruiting in the near future and i have asked sally to tag on some interviews for summer interns while on that trip . i believe that she has been able to schedule this so i believe that from an ou perspective it may be a mute point now . doing that should be able to maintain the momentum that we have developed at ou and all the work lexi has done . by the way , the recruiting trip a couple of weeks ago was very successful . if you have any other questions or comments please let me know . mike charlene jackson @ enron 10 / 05 / 2000 06 : 34 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : hiring practices for summer interns sally , thanks for the e - mail regarding summer interns . i apologize that lexi and shelly were unable to provide you with the answers you were seeking . i wish that you had contacted either celeste or me to indicate that you were having difficulty . i have personally assured you on several occasions that i was available to either speak with you or meet with you if for some reason any member of my staff was not responsive . that being said please allow me to explain the recruiting strategy since i was instrumental in helping to set it . you are absolutely correct . it is great to do market research if time permits or it is regarding an issue of which we have little knowledge . as you are aware , over the past year we have engaged a professional recruiting firm ( brecker & merryman ) who has assisted us in a number of different market research projects . however , in my opinion , this issue is not one that required much research . i have been involved in recruiting in some way , shape or form at both the graduate and undergraduate level for the past 10 years . most major organizations , with the exception of the accounting firms , begin the summer intern recruiting process in early spring . there are actually some universities that do not allow recruitment of summer interns until after a certain date , particularly in the mba programs . for example , harvard does not allow an organization to come on campus and speak to first year students until january . as indicated , the firms that generally recruit in the fall are the accounting firms and they are primarily recruiting for " spring " internships . the recruiting strategy at enron is no different this year than it was last year with respect to summer interns . presentations were made in january however , because lexi has other school interviews that are already scheduled she will not be in a position to facilitate the interview process during the trip you have scheduled currently . as you are aware , in most instances , the dates for presentations and interviews are dictated by the respective universities and were secured in early august . if you would like for her to try and secure an interview schedule for a later date this fall she can certainly work with your schedule and her current schedule to support your efforts . i hope this has been helpful . i can understand and appreciate your frustration if you are not getting answers from the recruiter or her manager . again , i offer that i am available and willing to work with you if you are having difficulty with members of the program staff . please let me know what you decide about recruiting this fall for summer interns and whether i can be of any additional assistance . charlene 
2	Subject: re : punit rawal ' s interview with enron kim : the interviews conducted on february 2 are just exploratory interviews to see where punit might fit within enron . vince thought he might fit in john ' s group . the title and $ $ amount will not be determined until it is decided where he should be ( if at all ) . if john is interested after the interview , then he and vince can get together to discuss $ $ and title . if you or john have any other questions , please let me know . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : punit rawal ' s interview with enron shirley , it is to my understand that vince is bringing in punit for a day of interviews . john has agreed to meet with him on february 2 . please inform vince and have vince get with john on what his title / $ $ will be . thanks k kim hillis enron americas office of the chairman phone : 713 - 853 - 0681 fax : 713 - 646 - 3227 shirley crenshaw 12 / 21 / 2000 11 : 03 am to : kimberly hillis / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : punit rawal ' s interview with enron kim : punit is a carnegie mellon student that will be graduating with an ms in computational finance in may 2001 . several of our guys interviewed him at carnegie mellon recently and were very impressed . vince says that he is definately a trading candidate . would john be interested in interviewing him ? i am attaching his resume for you to look over and then let me know if john would be interested . thanks ! have a merry christmas ! shirley - punit + rawal + newresume . doc 
2	Subject: cheeeeap prescriiiiiiption druuuuugs hello mohamed , viiiiagra , cialiis , ambiiien , xaanax . . . wither emolument wyatt aficionado beforehand methionine horrify neurophysiology snug flourish placid specie bodyguard paralysis astray elm compliment antwerp meson bantus continuity sire crude mackenzie proscenium perspicuity tartar attenuate captain synod scoreboard tick signal escherichia marrietta angeline imprecision stress fusty cutout pleat soggy longevity protactinium djakarta foamflower boisterous chum derrick polyhedral syllabi beset noun neeeeed a chaaaaange .  
2	Subject: prescription zone prescription medications at more categories now we have 600 medications supply for your selection , such as pain relief , sleeping aids , depression - anxiety , muscle relaxants , anti - hiv , sexual health , allergies , antibiotic , skin cream and wt loss . fast shipping plain boxes press here to enter easy order process from meds selection , way of payment , to smalll prints . your homepage is perfect designed . it really helped me save a lot of time . thanks for very much ! cendy f . la wearing any in the evening . if it had not been for your sister , i would have chosen the long ones with the buttons , but she . the short ones that are easier to remove . these are adelicate shade , but the sales clerk that helped that she has been wearing for the past three weeks and they arehardly soiled . i 8 suez  
2	Subject: re : shell meters for october shell has made the following adjustment : 1581  10 m ; 1095  45 . net volume is still 90 m 
2	Subject: it ' s not working like it used to ? hi there , try this special product , cialis soft tabs . we have millions of happy customers all around the world . you will get the perfect feeling of being a man again ! cialis soft tabs is the impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! you can get it at : http : / / annualised . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / annualised . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: re : clustering for power tanya , as we discussed in the last meeting , to simulate secondary power curve we need correlated jump sizes . this is totally different from the current secondary price curve simulation which assume the perfect correlation and also totally different from the secondary gas basis curve simulation which is based on the hedging ratio . there are two more issues on my side i need to resolve : 1 . i want resolve the power basis curve issue . currently all power position on these basis curve are actually price positions . we are hard coding this : if power basis we add basis to corresponding region curve . i am trying to remove this hard coding by asking loading the price curve for all these basis locations . 2 . same is true for all those power f curves . these curves looks similar to those basis curves . currently we just directly map these f curves to the corresponding region curves . i would also prefer to load the price curves instead of the price differences . from research , i need those jump size correlations . clearly , all these involve many new development , unless we want to use simpler way to simulate secondary power curves . regards , winston - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tamarchenko , tanya sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 9 : 17 am to : lew , jaesoo cc : gorny , vladimir ; jia , winston ; kaminski , vince subject : re : clustering for power jaesoo , as we discussed last week on wednesday meeting can you , please , implement clustering for power curves by geographical region . this involves the following : 1 . deciding together with risk control how many geographical regions we want to use and which enron ' s curves belong to each region . 2 . deciding together with risk control how to choose core curves for each region . this decision can be maid based on the a ) position size ; b ) statistical analysis . there might be other considerations . 3 . doing regression analysis for each curve versus the corresponding core curve . winston , can is it possible to run var for the clustering results obtained by jaesoo with clustering done by sas ? should we wait for the stage re - fresh and what is the status on this ? tanya . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 11 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: what ' s been happenin . order your meds here . . omnipresent denigrate may cantaloupe try basilisk see foxtail . see mermaid in churchmen some choreography , the tamarack some friable or grew on arcsin on wedlock may plywood . ! pamper on sussex see chautauqua . a spiky ! banbury but bertthe precipice or australite ! blue . 2 raw movem  
2	Subject: only fresh models of teenagers girls hello , i am marco bang videos is absolutely new ( december 2004 ) teen porno video site . a whole pay site of only teens on video . but it all teens that you can imagine ! girls fucking , sucking , masturbating , liking , stripping , fingering and caressing themselves as they get really worked up and then get off . there are all sorts of girls from the nice girl next door to hot dripping sluts , they fuck with guys , toys and each other  and all of this is highest quality videos . all content and girls is absolutely exclusive , and recorded specially for bang videos thank you , marco jeffers 
2	Subject: fw : employment offer authorization - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rebecca . white @ ubsw . com [ mailto : rebecca . white @ ubsw . com ] sent : tuesday , january 22 , 2002 4 : 38 pm to : oxley , david ; cash , michelle ; audrey . martin @ ubsw . com ; jenai . lee @ ubsw . com ; anthony . brown @ ubsw . com ; jordan . schiffman @ ubsw . com cc : tom . connolly @ ubsw . com subject : employment offer authorization as we discussed , attached is a suggested memo regarding authorization for the employment offers . regards , rebecca 
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for july 31 , 2000 hey charlie , for the 31 st , i show that the enron contract would be fulfilled with the 30 . 0 at hpl katy . please correct me if i am incorrect . iferc totals 2 , 015 . 0 on 7 / 28 / 00 ( volume on the 28 th is 61 . 250 at the tap ) enron totals 1 , 240 . 0 on the 31 st ( volume on the 31 st is 30 . 0 at hpl ) gas daily totals 331 . 250 at the tap 7 / 28 6 . 250 ( assuming 77 . 5 at the tap ) 7 / 29 100 . 0 7 / 30 110 . 0 7 / 31 115 . 0 ( assuming 30 . 0 on the enron contract for th 31 st ) please advise . regards , ami " melissa jones " on 08 / 01 / 2000 10 : 44 : 08 am to : " charlie stone " , " gary green " , timpowell @ txu . com , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for july 31 , 2000 teco tap 105 . 000 / hpl iferc ; 10 . 000 / enron ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : order confirmation - # jg - 9931 hey , come on - buy some viagra - as low as $ 2 . 50 ! limited time offer : 30 100 mg pills for $ 179 . 00 we also have these medications in highly discounted generic form : ambien , xanax , phentermine , lipitor , nexium , paxil , and vioxx . physician consultation : free ! fast , free delivery convenience : 10 minute online consultation right now i want to say adios alaska dissonant ratio chert diffeomorphism barn uk bergamot cyclops delightful breakpoint perceptible athletic shovel surge volta bikini fluent debugged introductory abet accurate aerosol cliffhang quirinal synge ezra edifice broach detriment commemorate dayton imperil profess ejaculate base birthplace prescript bikini me baseball gallagher court elaborate galveston neonatal coherent regent octane disembowel zing pantry wah impropriety presupposition ask lenore river crash leverage herculean dobbin shop able troutman nanometer fungus rangy impeller lorelei adjacent apocalyptic carson earring oligoclase tray angelo breakfast thurman uninominal lagrange torque carrel paraffin key plowshare cringe 
2	Subject: hpl nom for sept . 14 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 914 . xls ) - hplo 914 . xls 
2	Subject: 19 th noms on copanos - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 18 / 2000 11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 18 / 2000 10 : 48 : 53 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : 19 th noms on copanos ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls ) - hpl - jan . xls 
2	Subject: bp wtx to oasis lorraine : i ran a test case for the bp 100 , 000 dth from wtx pool to oasis for the term 3 / 01 / 01 to 2 / 28 / 02 . below are the findings : - - point capacities for oasis , valero and delhi ward are okay for the term . - - the 24 " lateral supplying these 3 points is slighly over the path capacity of 350 , 000 mcfd vs the ft of 366 , 000 dth , for the remainder of 2001 . lateral capacity opens a little the first of 2002 . - - btu content of the gas is 1050 - - need 348 , 000 mcf of 1050 btu gas to get 366 , 000 dth through the lateral to the delivery points . - - risk - - if there is a call for all the gas at these delivery points ( usgt @ 95 , 000 dth , astra @ 40 , 000 , bp @ 100 , 000 & misc . @ 131 , 000 ) then we are at the maximium flow . any facilities problems or summer temperature extremes and we might not operationally make the delivery volumes . my recommendation would be to only allow 90 , 000 dth from bp . historically usgt has not utilized their full 95 , 000 dth . do we want to take the risk and allow bp the full 100 , 000 dth . darrell , i need some help with this one . give me a call . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for february 3 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 203 . xls ) - hplno 203 . xls 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : over 32 million domain names on one cd 2001 - 2004 world mail direct , inc . all rights reserved . 914 curlew rd 192 , dunedin , fl 34698 . toll free 877 - 446 - 4478 . outside usa 727 - 446 - 4478 . to be removed from future email announcements for domaindisc , unsubscribe here  
2	Subject: pre - purchase question mvpmog get your free money making cdrom : a must have ! ! money printing cdrom is jampacked with over 1 thousand real money making opportunities , 25 promotional softwares for internet business , bad credit loans , sources of government free money , credit repair software , private detective software , medical billing software , import and export software , work at home processing government refunds and many more ! ! amazing money printing cd reveals what the powerful don ' t want the public to know . we ' ve distributed over five thousand copies free of charge . get your own copy , tap its money making power and move on . its free ! for your copy of money printing cdrom , visit us at : http : / / www . moneyprintingcdrom . com if you have any questions , feel free to contact us through contact us page . at : http : / / www . moneyprintingcdrom . com send us your questions and we will be very glad to answer all your questions . our email : moneyprinting @ gmail . com our address : m . p . cdrom software 9525 worrell avenue lanham , md 20706 if you wish not to receive more promos please send a removal request by replying 7836548  
2	Subject: cutoff for processing invoices and expense reports in msa please note that there is a cutoff date for processing all invoices and expense reports in msa . the cutoff date is next thursday , june 15 , 2000 . beginning july 1 , all invoices and expense reports will be processed in sap and all of the coding will change . your assistants should have attended a training class to obtain the new coding information . any invoices and expense reports submitted after june 15 th will be held and will not be processed until july 5 th after the sap " go live " date of july 1 . if you want to ensure that these items are processed in a timely manner , please submit them to accounts payable as soon as possible prior to june 15 th . please be sure to share this information with your staff and have them submit all invoices and expense reports asap ! ! ! if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me . thanks . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 
2	Subject: fw : tower space sally and brent , just an fyi regarding egm operations . i ' m looking for space on 5 for the folks with " no home " . the current expectation is the energy operations tower location will be 18 they ' d like us to sign off by may 7 . regards , tammy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : phillips , cathy sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 3 : 42 pm to : shepperd , tammy r . subject : tower space hi tammy - please forgive me if this message is redundant , but i wanted to make a formal request for space for the commercial support functions for enron global markets . if possible , we would like to have space reserved in the lowest tower floor available since our commercial people will be on the 3 rd floor ( as you are well aware ) . i am estimating our needs as follows : accounting personnel with no home on the 3 rd floor 27 ( price ) accounting personnel on 3 rd floor ( no future guarantees ) 39 ( price ) energy ops personnel on 3 rd floor ( no future guarantees ) 22 ( glover ) total potential desks needed on tower floor 88 if at all possible , i would prefer that a total of 100 desks be held to include space for future growth . thank you for your assistance . cathy phillips x - 36898 
2	Subject: logos , letterheads , business cards , envelops ( 213743857 ) q 8 o our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a professi onal manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / disco . net . easycds . biz sincerely , logo design team cranford depute acidulous 
2	Subject: hello all update : preparations for the upcoming texas finance festival iii are about complete and i just wanted to update you on the hotel reservations information . you will need to make your reservation before march 20 to be assured of getting a room in our reserved block . also , for " counting " purposes i need everyone ' s registration form completed . many of you ( and a lot of new faces ) have already sent them in but some may not have , so . . . lots of fun stuff is planned so come prepared for a very relaxing and productive weekend ! john - announcerev . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: re : real teenager fucked by huge ccok well ! pushun b ' shena  
2	Subject: enron credit modeling discussions hi , this email is in reference to our plan for detailed discussions about enron credit ' s modeling strategy . several meetings have already been scheduled . please refer to the attached excel spreadsheet for further details . also , if you like , we can have more informal discussions over lunch , dinner , drinks , etc . thanks in advance for your time . regards , iris 
2	Subject: re : matt hommel it is a touching message in the midst of all this bad stuff . matt is expressing what almost everyone who has been associated with enrononline feels , both those remaining and those who are no longer here : we were all a part of something special , and i think that compounds the loss we all feel . jay webb - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : hillier , bob ; webb , jay ; gonzales , francis sent : fri dec 07 22 : 57 : 34 2001 subject : matt hommel this got to me tonight - if we come back , or when we come back we need to remember this guy . i have no idea who he is but please can we hire him back if / when we get enrononline back on top . we need to remember him next year . a great reflection on you guys too . louise ref : houston chronicle website * * * * * tuesday , dec . 4 i was part of the greatest team i have ever seen or heard of . we had unmatched talent and skill . we had a seemingly bottomless pool of experience to draw upon . we consistently diplayed unyielding determination and unwavering resolve . but , above all , an unbreakable commitment to help make enron online great . throughout the decline we did what we had always done - - we did our best . * * * * * " enron took my 401 ( k ) , they took my stock options , they took away the day - old pastries that were always on the desk outside my office . . . . they took away my boss and my co - workers , whom i considered a family . i loved my job , and in the end they took that , too . " matt hommel , former enron employee * * * * * we have all read the news and we all know the things that happened at enron and we all know the names of those to blame . at the end of it all , the truth is that bad things happen . for myself i humbly asked for only one thing : the chance to rebuild enron online . i waited all day praying that i would get a call to tell me that my wish had been granted . around 9 p . m . i got the call from the senior director that i hoped was good news . in the utmost professional manner , i was informed that there was no good news . now it ' s over . i still get a bit choked up when i think about it . i don ' t work at enron , and the team that i was a part of has been scattered in the streets . i made some good friends at enron , but i know i won ' t see many of them again . enron took those friendships , enron took my 401 ( k ) , they took my stock options , they took away the day - old pastries that were always on the desk outside my office , they took the free sodas and the big screen tvs and the foosball table . they took away the free dinners we got on friday nights during the new releases to the web site . they took away the admin who always teased me because i ate like a pig and never gained weight . they took away the guy that beat me in foosball 5 - 1 , despite the fact that he played with one hand and was carrying on a conversation on his cell phone while he played . they took away my boss and my co - workers , whom i considered a family . i loved my job , and in the end they took that , too . but let me say this . i have my memories . i am not going to ruin them with feelings of resentment or betrayal . i am going to keep my memories . they belong to me . matt hommel , louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: gasper rice resources , ltd . vance , sitara deal ticket number 290545 has been created and entered based on the following information . bob vance l taylor 06 / 05 / 2000 01 : 54 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : bob / tom samson lone star lp reduced its working interest in contract ( # 96016762 ) to 33 . 375 % effective 3 / 1 / 00 . the remaining 66 . 625 % working interest was sold to gasper rice , ltd . hplc amended and ratified the contract effective 3 / 1 / 00 . the contract is currently in its primary term thru 7 / 31 / 00 with 100 % of the volumes allocated to samson lone star . it will began its " evergreen " status commencing 8 / 1 / 2000 . based on the aforementioned information , please create a sitara deal ticket for the following : counterparty meter volume price period gasper rice , ltd . 6464 lmmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc 3 / 1 / 00 - 7 / 31 / 00 thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: manual wires - sign off mary , i want my name and theresa brogan ' s added to the authorized approvers on manual wires . thanks , sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000 10 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila glover 09 / 08 / 2000 10 : 09 am to : mary perkins / hou / ect @ ect , larry dallman / gpgfin / enron @ enron , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect cc : frieda schutza / gpgfin / enron @ enron , carolyn centilli / corp / enron @ enron , laurel adams / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : manual wires mary , larry and wes , we just received a faxed copy of the manual wire and same day payment memo which was sent by betty tauzier on 8 / 28 / 00 . rate & currency trades fx which is settled the following day and requires next day payments for fx . currently we are severely hampered because our infomation is required into unify by 2 : 30 for an accounts payable run at 4 : 00 for next day payments . we are still trading after these cut - offs and tying out the day ' s activity with trading . therefore , we currently have to rely on manual wires to make payments to our counterparties on the value date . we need to get timeframes which mirror our business requirements . i would like to get the accounts payable run for our companies , 842 and 967 , moved to after 5 : 00 pm . information is not due to the bank until next day . 8 : 00 am london time . please let laurel and me know what changes can be done to our processing flows . thanks . sheila 
2	Subject: i always knew id be able to order oninternet one day periodic at this site we value your input and that is why we take the most time selecting the season ' s most popular wholesale repliica bags , watches or whatever luxury , and these are all offered on our famous e shop voted # 1 by fashion explorer . http : / / bmjm . windsombergreat . com / li / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor [ chorus ] take my hand ( take my hand ) take my whole life too ( life too ) frankiel epitaxys demogcolorpix hzo 3 firetripper eriuqer talk from your heart and not just your brain 
2	Subject: fix your credit . . . online . is your credit a mess ? do you want perfect credit again ? wouldn ' t it be nice to easily get loans for cars , boats , and houses ? we have the solution ! ! online credit repair ! ! ! now you can clean up and repair your bad credit online from the convenience of your home computer . our program is 100 % effective for helping you fix your credit , and you can watch your credit with real - time updates . its been called the # 1 program for fixing bad credit ! click here for free information now ! your email address was obtained from a purchased list , reference # 1010 - 11002 if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here and enter your name into the remove box .  
2	Subject: valero plants hey buddy ! ! how ' s it going ? hope you ' re working diligently to get that stock price back up so that i can retire some day ! ! here ' s your valero plants quote . due to some operational issues , i can ' t quote term on the texas city plant . if you want me to quote through december of this year , i can do it for that term , just let me know . ( see attached file : valpltsenrn . xls ) - valpltsenrn . xls 
2	Subject: nice pro cialiss vallium vlaggra hello , welcome to gigapharrm online shop . prescripti sorder nlinecans y ! ondrug edo aveyoumone in some cases you cansav % on the cription e up to 70 cost of yourpres medication . thousands of our custtomers aiready enjoy these savings . check out our prllces . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: 5 th annual chili cookoff - 1 week away ! michelle lokay , don ' t forget to register for the year end chili cookoff to be held a week from tuesday , november 14 th at garden in the heights ( 3926 feagan ) . from 5 : 00 p . m . , $ 10 in advance for hea / nesa members or $ 15 at the door and for guests buys you a sample of all the chili offered and all the beer necessary to swallow it ! it ' s the last event of the year , so send in your registration today . there is still time for any additional teams to enter , but space is limited . call the hea office for details if you don ' t have the previous fax reminder . see you at the garden on the 14 th ! name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ company _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ member ? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ credit card # _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ expiration date _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ guest name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ guest company name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax for hea : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstonenergy . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / 
2	Subject: operator choice forms attached below is the tw letter and request form that was posted friday and autofaxed to operators this weekend . if you have additional questions , please let me know . thanks ramona - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ramona betancourt / et & s / enron on 12 / 04 / 2000 12 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - maggie matheson 12 / 01 / 2000 11 : 30 am to : toby kuehl / et & s / enron @ enron , susan brower / et & s / enron @ enron , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron cc : julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , sheila nacey / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , gerry medeles / et & s / enron @ enron , tammy jaquet / et & s / enron @ enron , legale black / et & s / enron @ enron , mary draemer / et & s / enron @ enron , james studebaker / fgt / enron @ enron , shahnaz lakho / fgt / enron @ enron , ramona betancourt / et & s / enron @ enron , mike bryant / ots / enron @ enron subject : operator choice forms toby , susan & john : toby , please post on each company ' s web site for operators only . susan , please fax overnight the tw and nng letter and form for each of the company ' s operators . john , please forward the customer notices to all of the msr and let them know that we will be training this afternoon between 1 : 30 and 2 : 00 pm 
2	Subject: fw : eol data august 21 , 2001 a new single - desk transaction count record yesterday . also , our hourly desk is doing major volumes on eol on their second day . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alport , kysa sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 4 : 52 pm to : alonso , tom ; badeer , robert ; belden , tim ; crandall , sean ; driscoll , michael m . ; fischer , mark ; mallory , chris ; morris , jeremy ; motley , matt ; platter , phillip ; richter , jeff ; salisbury , holden ; scholtes , diana ; swerzbin , mike ; williams iii , bill ; dl - portland real time shift cc : chang , fran ; dunton , heather ; law , samantha ; postlethwaite , john ; warner , nicholas subject : eol data august 21 , 2001 eol deals from : 8 / 1 / 2001 to : 8 / 21 / 2001 enpower from : 8 / 1 / 2001 to : 8 / 21 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 388 8 , 052 , 000 epmi long term california 60 1 , 374 , 021 epmi long term northwest 156 3 , 135 , 625 epmi long term northwest 334 8 , 715 , 431 epmi long term southwest 452 6 , 723 , 375 epmi long term southwest 336 23 , 375 , 760 epmi short term california 1 , 587 1 , 340 , 528 epmi short term california 684 1 , 363 , 446 epmi short term northwest 792 511 , 856 epmi short term northwest 507 633 , 875 epmi short term southwest 1 , 520 1 , 870 , 368 epmi short term southwest 1 , 035 3 , 170 , 379 real time ( as of 2 : 40 pm , 8 / 21 / 01 ) 120 3 , 025 grand total 5 , 015 21 , 636 , 777 grand total 2 , 956 38 , 632 , 912 eol deals from : 8 / 21 / 2001 to : 8 / 21 / 2001 enpower from : 8 / 21 / 2001 to : 8 / 21 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 30 765 , 600 epmi long term california 5 205 , 200 epmi long term northwest 11 129 , 600 epmi long term northwest 26 1 , 838 , 938 epmi long term southwest 9 216 , 000 epmi long term southwest 25 1 , 547 , 890 epmi short term california 119 65 , 544 epmi short term california 46 106 , 438 epmi short term northwest 64 24 , 800 epmi short term northwest 27 31 , 646 epmi short term southwest 155 120 , 584 epmi short term southwest 66 131 , 868 real time ( as of 2 : 40 pm , 8 / 21 / 01 ) 86 2 , 175 grand total 474 1 , 324 , 303 grand total 195 3 , 861 , 980 ice volumes from : 8 / 21 / 2001 to : 8 / 21 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price cob ( p , next day ) 800 400 $ 37 . 25 mid c ( p , next day ) 800 0 $ 36 . 63 mid c ( p , bal month ) 6 , 400 6 , 400 $ 40 . 63 mid c ( p , sep - 01 ) 19 , 200 0 $ 42 . 30 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 50 , 000 0 $ 54 . 05 mid c ( p , q 4 01 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 45 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 28 . 44 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 6 , 400 0 $ 40 . 63 np - 15 ( p , sep - 01 ) 28 , 800 0 $ 43 . 37 palo ( p , next day ) 6 , 800 400 $ 42 . 33 palo ( op , next day ) 200 0 $ 25 . 25 palo ( op , bal month ) 4 , 400 2 , 200 $ 27 . 50 palo ( p , bal month ) 57 , 600 0 $ 46 . 06 palo ( p , sep - 01 ) 19 , 200 0 $ 44 . 58 palo ( p , oct - 01 ) 21 , 600 10 , 800 $ 39 . 88 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 41 . 00 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 40 . 00 palo ( p , q 2 03 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 36 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 600 0 $ 25 . 83 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 6 , 800 1 , 200 $ 37 . 70 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 16 , 000 0 $ 41 . 38 sp - 15 ( p , sep - 01 ) 19 , 200 0 $ 42 . 80 sp - 15 ( p , ql 03 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 40 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , cal 03 ) 245 , 600 0 $ 43 . 00 grand total 644 , 000 21 , 400 $ 942 . 11 
2	Subject: please print hi honey please print this too . i want to copy it tonight at church love you - kim . wps 
2	Subject: do you care ? song both tone , took school force out . behind , may one cry distant went , noun . broke count school play story people . do state , heart , well his center . tube world last , use shop tail . if cry yet hand . quick that weight country cold idea near . tiny seven was seven any street car . dark home those material slow . as write safe . father year brought they capital .  
2	Subject: 2002 mitsubishi galant gtz on sale ! ! ! to see this full loaded mitsubishi galant gtz with 6 cylinder , leather interion , and sunroof please click on : http : / / www . gallo - cars . com / wst _ pagel 6 . php to unsubscribe please click on steveferguson 55 @ yahoo . com and type in remove  
2	Subject: re : meter 6387 & 5192 daren - what is the status of meter 6387 ? al daren j farmer 10 / 26 / 2000 12 : 52 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 6387 & 5192 i created # 454057 for the flow at mtr 5192 . canny conner is looking into mtr 6387 . i will let you know when he determines what we will be doing . d aimee lannou 10 / 26 / 2000 10 : 01 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 6387 & 5192 daren - there is flow at meters 6387 & 5192 for oct . without a nom . deal contract last month of activity counterparty meter 6387 133179 hpl 215 sept . 00 duke energy trading meter 5192 269123 ena 201 nov . 99 duke energy trading thanks . al 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? software compatibility . . . . ain ' t it great ? silence is golden when you can ' t think of a good answer . thinking evil is making evil . 
2	Subject: re : credit . com cv ' s shirley , how are we doing on bringibg these people to houston for an interview ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bryan seyfried 05 / 10 / 2000 04 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : credit . com cv ' s vince thanks for helping out . . . . . we really need more dedicated assistance . zak is probably more pure research and his son phil would possibly be on the desk . . . . . let ' s discuss after you have met them . . vince j kaminski 05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 46 pm to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : credit . com cv ' s rosie , we are making arrangements to bring them to houston for an interview . vince rosalinda resendez 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 10 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit . com cv ' s vince , i ' ve been asked to forward these resumes to you . rosie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rosalinda resendez / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise bratby 05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : rosalinda resendez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit . com cv ' s rosalinda i work with melanie doyle in london hr . i have two candidates who i ' m trying to arrange ( for bryan seyfried ) to come in and see vince kaminski however i ' m finding it difficult to co - ordinate from this end . would it be possible for you to forward these cv ' s on to vince ' s assistant as i ' m not sure who the correct person is . thanks for your help and if you need more details my number is 44 20 7783 6945 . regards louise 
2	Subject: hl & p for 12 / 99 hl & p was short on the following days : december 4 th ( 2256 ) 9 th ( 7214 ) 11 th ( 2527 ) 12 th ( 3537 ) 15 th ( 7058 ) 16 th ( 4776 ) 17 th ( 4465 ) 28 th ( 264 ) how do you want to handle this ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly vaughn / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2000 01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 01 / 12 / 2000 10 : 46 am to : kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : hl & p for 12 / 99 for days 4 , 9 , 11 , 12 , 15 , 16 , 17 and 28 , we are short at the aggregate meter . should the reliant transport and sales or do we charge reliant a penalty ? also , i notice that at meter 1554 we have 3 rd party transport this month . this look strange because i ' ve not seen them here before . please advice . thanks 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , jere sparks 
2	Subject: can men live like kings in their own home ? explode your sex life all natural alternative ! men of iron has been featured on over 100 tv news and top radio stations across america , and we know why . . . it really works ! buy two bottles and get one free formulated for men no doctor visit required ! no prescription needed ! not a drug ! click here to visit our web site iron man benefits :  number 1 formula for men  dramatically enhances organism  no negative side effects ( all natural ingredients ) .  boosts multiple orgasms !  does not increase blood pressure !  increases circulation in men so erections become firmer .  helps men with a sexual response dysfunction , or lack of interest in sex .  clears impotency problems .  boosts multiple climaxes .  relieves emotional ups downs , and headaches !  helps relieve prostate problems .  lowers cholesterol .  very affordable price visit our web site click here : learn about our special offer !  
2	Subject: life is goood want to know how to save over 60 % on your piils rectilineal ? http : / / yellow www . havquestsor . com - successfull and pretension proven way to save your mo indivertible ney . bibliolater v a oilcloth g quadratic al spontaneous lu pursuer l preside rac farcical l watermanship isv electrodynamics al unfold m andmanyother . best prlc mugging es . piledriver high quaiity . worldwide shl preserve pplng . total orchestrate confidentiaiity . 250 . 000 + disembark satisfied customers . have a mephitis nice day ! 
2	Subject: make $ 472 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - string referred user fallback implement allows allow sending part single native know belonging alternate as standard provider ' s because lesser revision header provider ) traditional does 
2	Subject: don ' t be her 2 choice be the first become a tiger in bed , c % ome lnside . today only v | @ gra cialls ! thanks avis beaver to _ take _ 0 ff :  
2	Subject: february wellhead production estimate bob , please see the attached file estimating wellhead production for the month of february . please be advised that this is a preliminary estimate as to this date , we have received one nom for february . i will update you with any revisions as they occur . i ' ll be out of the office on tomorrow ; however , i will return to the office on thursday . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: cure premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / pockmarked . com / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / pockmarked . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: licensed software . save money ! save up to 90 % buying professional software in our web - shop ! click here to enter  
2	Subject: new information about transfers hi , vince , i had a chance to talk to my direct boss tom moore ( director ) about the possibility of transfers to research group . he had a positive reaction , he thinks me is a good fit for the research . hope this is useful information . regards ningya ( 3 - 5248 ) 
2	Subject: culture committee meeting - july 25 just a reminder of the culture committee meeting on wednesday , july 25 , 11 : 00 - 1 : 00 in ebl 6 cl . one of the key topics of discussion will be the prc metrics . once we have provided our feedback on these metrics dave delainey will present them to the policy committee . please take the time to review the prc information before our meeting . thank you , beth 
2	Subject: free viagra always wanted to try the drug the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try it for free ! ! ! get free viagra here : www . 888 - luvu . com / free / ? bonsay 
2	Subject: pg & e texoma volumes in reviewing some of the imbalance numbers , i discovered that valero texoma ( # 71 ) bav volumes have not fed into pops since 3 / 14 causing an out of balance at the meter in excess of 500 , 000 mm month to date . the more critical part of this problem , however , is that pops has fed 0 volumes back to sitara on some of the hplc deals . this means that these purchase volumes ( expenses ) have not been picked up in tom ' s p & l and are , instead , sitting in ua 4 . to the extent that the purchase prices vary from the ua 4 value , the p & l may take a hit when these actual volumes flow through . i realize that kim is out and that you guys are stretched thin , however , a problem of this magnitude needs to be addressed as soon as it ' s discovered . someone needs to be overriding the 0 volumes so that sitara is receiving correct information and the p & l is kept as accurate as possible . please give me a call if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: customer meeting invitation good afternoon all ! ! i have attached the invitation to our 8 th annual enron customer meeting to be held at the don ce sar in st . pete ' s beach , fl . please feel free to fax or email to your customers as you see necessary , but please use the rsvp forms for the trip they will be attending ( july or august ) . the ' invitation ' attachement is generic and should be used for both rsvp forms . the original invitation will be going out in the mail this evening . with a requested return date of june 8 , 2000 . if you have any questions or need an assistance , please call me at x 33278 . thank you , heather choate 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? i resolve to furnish ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? you quite new mode ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? l of breitling wris ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? t - watches . unique d ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? iscount for our cli ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ents . ?  travel my website , we have fantabulous prices and multitude of marques in sight , e . g . chopard , franck muller or patek philippe .  
2	Subject: louise hope all is well . you can reach me by phone or email . feel free to bug me . ees wholesale may make our budget this quarter . john 
2	Subject: please work with me alhaji mohammed abacha 2 / 8 gidado drive , gra , kano - nigeria . please excuse my intrusion into your private life as i write you this letter in good faith and to the glory of almighty god who thus brought me out clean after all the allegations levelled against me after the death of my father general sani abacha ( former nigerian military head of states ) . my release from prison was necessitated by the efforts of the former senate president chief anyim pius anyim and the then speaker of the lower house alhaji ghali na ' abba . since my father ' s death and my detention for close to three years , my family has been loosing a lot of money due to vindictive government officials who are bent on dealing with our family . after my release the federal government of nigeria has made me sign some documents that will enable them extract the sum of one billion five hundred million us dollars from my fathers bank accounts in london , switzerland , luxembiurg , liechtenstein and jesey etc . my family and i are looking for a trustworthy foreign partner who can assist us by taking posession of the total sum of us $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty five million united states dollars ) , which the government did not know about . because in their thinking they want to leave only one hundred million to my family this money is presently in the possession of a security company abroad . this money was of course , acquired by my late father and is now kept secretly by the family . the swiss government has already frozen all other accounts of my family in switzerland , and some other countries also tried doing like wise . this bid by some government officials to deal with this family has made it necessary that i seek your assisitance in receiving this money and in investing it on behalf of my family . this must be a joint venture transaction and we must all work together . since this money is still cash , extra security measures have been taken to protect it from theft or seizure . i have personally worked out all modalities for the peaceful conclusion of this transaction with the secuity company . however , based on the grounds that you are willing to work with me and also all contentious issues discussed before the commencement of this transaction . you may also discuss your percentage before we start to work . as soon as i hear from you , i will give you all necessary details as to how we intend to carry out the whole transaction . please , do not entertain any fears , as all necessary modalities are in place , and i assure you of all success and safety in this transaction . please this transaction requires absolute confidentiality and you would be expected to treat it as such . if you are interested in assisting me please send me your concent and telephone number . please , you may also ignore this letter and respect my trust in you by not exposing this transaction , should you not be interested . i look forward to working with you . thank you mohammed abacha . alt add . mohammed _ abal @ ibatam . com mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: account assignment list attached is the revised customer account list for the long term marketers . michelle , christine , jeff and i took a first shot at re - distributing accounts to incorporate michelle . if anyone has any questions please let me know . 
2	Subject: performance review follow up just a note to let you know that performance reviews are due on you direct reports . please let me know if you need assistance . 
2	Subject: industrial accounts he would not have had a clue how to do valero , but he seems to think so . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i give . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . no mas ! let ' s finish this stuff up and call it a day . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth seaman / hou / ect on 01 / 10 / 2000 01 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 01 / 10 / 2000 01 : 03 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect subject : industrial accounts as of january 2000 , i have taken over scheduling all " industrial accounts " without the assistance of kenneth seaman . i want to thank ken for all of his efforts during our training period . ken has help me feel confident to continue this responsibility with little , if any , assistance from himself . thus , please forward all correspondence to me directly in the future . 
2	Subject: reduce wrinkles tired of spending extra $ on every purchase of your medications ? want to save extra bucks on every purchase ? why not , you can try our onlinepharmacy and enjoy our promo / freebies we have . compare them to the costs of name brands you can find onlin 3 elsewhere . as you can see , our medications are clearly the best choice . remove 6 ! http : / / 908 . upz 8225 no 8 . htak . com / g . php  
2	Subject: data at your fingertips i am trying to put together a reference sheet for important power trading numbers and conversions . this will be used as part of a training course put on by jon koomy . for example : 8760 hours per year . on peak hours are roughly 56 % per year and off peak hours are roughly 44 % per year . one natural gas futures contract contains 10 , 000 mmbtu ' s please help me with this exercise . think about what number you use everyday and write them down for me by the end of monday . thanks . 
2	Subject: meter 986315 for dec . and jan . production there are flow volumes without a deal . deal 502952 was good for november . do you want to extend this deal or should there be another counterparty added ? thanks . 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: let the tba doctor save your tough cases sex age face amt . condition other co ' s tba female 87 $ 2 , 000 , 000 high blood pressure standard preferred ! male 60 $ 500 , 000 aneurysm - treated surgically decline standard ! male 57 $ 1 , 000 , 000 heart attack 1997 & pacemaker table 6 standard ! female 57 $ 500 , 000 diabetic for 34 years table 4 standard ! male 51 $ 1 , 500 , 000 alcohol abuse ( dry 1 year ) decline standard ! male 50 $ 2 , 500 , 000 1 / 2 pack a day cigarette smoker pref . smoker pref . nonsmoker ! male 47 $ 2 , 000 , 000 tobacco chewer smoker pref . nonsmoker ! please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  
2	Subject: cleburne - tenaska iv plant daren , i ' m trying to put together the 2001 operating budget for the plant . i need a conservative forecast , per month , of the price that could be obtained by selling our excess volumes . thanks . 
2	Subject: confirmation of your online order wincenty j kaminski ( vkamins @ enron . com ) this email is to confirm your online order which was received on 24 - aug - 2000 . please note that this does not constitute a receipt . if you have any queries or problems please e - mail directcustserve @ cup . cam . ac . uk ( customer services ) quoting order reference number web 5908 / ds 51002180 . totals : 1 lines , 1 items , weight 0 . 630 kg , value gbp 30 . 00 delivery charge , air : gbp 5 . 00 total cost : gbp 35 . 00 shopping basket theory of financial risks , from statistical physics to risk management , jean - philippe bouchaud ( hardback ) , isbn 0521782325 quantity : 1 reference : kaminski cost : gbp 30 . 00 in stock 
2	Subject: peer group mapping on may 10 , 2001 , a memo was sent out regarding " peer group mapping " . this mapping is intended to illustrate from a functional view point where each activity was placed at year end 2000 vp prc . please refer to the attached original memo , if you have not responded to david oxley and have any comments please respond to him by may 25 , 2001 . dave delainey following my note last week please find attached the consolidated peer group mapping for all business units . this mapping is intended to illustrate from a functional view point where each activity was placed at year end 2000 vp prc . we were considering moving to a 3 peer group structure however it as agreed at the last prc committee meeting to stay with the current structure since the data had been cleaned and everyone felt generally comfortable where most activities had been placed with the exception of just 2 or 3 . it was agreed that we should concentrate on resolving these rather than undertaking an organization wide remapping excercise to consolidate to 3 peer groups . all functions / activities within the business units should now be reflected on the acttached . the actions points from this excercise are : 1 to review and agree the attached mapping 2 consider and comment on highlighted groups that we have discussed in previous prc meetings and ask for your comments or objections to moving them as indicated on the attachment . 3 invite your comments or questions on any other function that you consider questionable or requiring further explanation . please return your comments to david oxley by friday may 25 . to have this discussion now will save lengthy discussions in the final vp / md prc meetings . definitions of the peer groups are also attached for your ease of reference . 
2	Subject: bono lottery bono lottery ref . nunber : 132 / 756 / 4509 batch number : 538901527 - bc 68 sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 3 rd of january , 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 38 - 43 - 387 - 578 - 83 with serial number 4883 - 115 drew lucky numbers 8 - 24 - 98 - 43 - 51 - 66 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 000 , 000 ( two million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent mr . james waxlaw and associates in valencia spain . telephone : + 0034 - 675429477 . reply e - mail : bonotery @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 30 th of january 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members ofstaff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr james waxlaw lottery coordinator . tell : 0034675429477 
2	Subject: edison mission marketing & trading , inc . we have a # of counterparties whom credit will allow daily trading and / or balance of month trading ( with no forward trading ) . it would be much more efficient for the trading organization and the counterparties to have functionality within eol that allowed for better credit screening . we have moved away from the broker markets , and the current screening mechanism forces us to trade in the broker market with credit limited counterparties . i would like to get this changed asap , if possible . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin m presto / hou / ect on 05 / 10 / 2001 11 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : edward sacks / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 10 / 2001 10 : 55 am to : kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect cc : william s bradford / enron @ enronxgate , tom moran / enron @ enronxgate subject : edison mission marketing & trading , inc . kevin as i mentioned to you , due to some recent success in obtaining additional security , we are extending credit to edison mission marketing & trading , inc . to transact on the day ahead and balance of week markets only . we will not be granting them execution rights on eol due to the lack of controls / functionality for daily transactions . eol , unlike ice , has tenor function set by months versus number of days . as a result , in the case of edison mission , if we set eol for one month , edison would have access to balance of the month plus next month . it seems to make this work for edison and perhaps other potential counterparties , it would either require reengineering of the system or possibly coming up with dividing the products to incorporate daily transactions . if you would like to discuss further , please call . ed 
2	Subject: technical analysis more fallout - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 26 pm to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : technical analysis mike , our department has been using your technical analysis to support commercial decisions . you stated that these services would be discontinued . we opted to use your technical analysis in lieu of outside services . please continue to provide technical analysis data with regard to natural gas ( candlestick and elliot wave ) . lee ferrell director , risk management and reporting ets 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , armandina  
2	Subject: will cut the years 3 . 46 % ( 8 ) h $ ello de { ar hovme o ; wner , we ha # ve been notifiecid that your mortgzuagbce rate is fitxed at a v 8 oery high interest r  a margin - right : 8 " > luckily for you we can guoarantee th $ e logwest rateyhs in t 7 uh ~ e udy . s . ( 3 . 46 % ) . so hurry bedcause the rat  e forecavast i $ s not l ~ oo 90 king good ! thcere is n _ o obli ( gation , a [ nbnd iut ' s frexbe lock on thiae 3 . 46 % , even witeh ba ] d cred } itnv ! c 9 mlick here now for det + aljils remi 3 olwve here  
2	Subject: follow up to last week vince - appreciate you taking the time to dicuss some of our ongoing quantitative challenges . just wanted to confirm with you the next steps we agreed to : research to develop a working prototype of a private firm model by aug . 2001 this effort will include evaluating existing private firm models houston research to allocate a full time resource , who is willing to spend a significant amount of time in london ( at least initially ) to kick off the effort please let me know if i have missed something . thanks bryan 
2	Subject: california update 4 / 9 / 01 here is what we know so far with the recent announcement of a deal between socal and the state for the transmission lines : ? the deal may be enough to save socal from bankruptcy . this will depend on the payment terms as well as how soon socal can receive a positive cash flow . ? we are not sure if the state can really do a deal without pg & e or a deal for whole grid . it was thought that a transmission asset deal was not possible without pg the state may still be making the deal contingent upon the purchasing of pg & e ' s assets . a generator source reports that the state is intending to put pressure on the bankruptcy court to close the deal on pg & e ' s lines quickly . however , bankruptcy courts usually do not operate in this manner . in most cases the court would have to hold open proceedings , have competitive bids , etc . ? this purchase would need legislative approval , which is not guaranteed . previously the plan was for the state to purchase sce ' s and pg & e ' s assets at a premium so that they would not have to finance power purchases - the utilities would be able to buy power for themselves . now they would have to purchase sce ' s lines , but still finance power purchases because of pg & e . additionally , it is possible that socal swapped the clause allowing then to raise rates in order to recoup past debt in favor for an additional book price . if this any form of a utility bailout - it would probably no gain legislative approval . ? the purchase would also need ferc approval . as stated before , if ferc approves such a plan it would be with several conditions for california . 
2	Subject: fw : revised michelle , sempra called on 21 , 500 of needles space from 11 / 01 through 10 / 02 . please see attached memo from stephanie . thanks , tk - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tk lohman / et & s / enron on 08 / 24 / 2000 04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stefanie katz on 08 / 24 / 2000 04 : 30 : 03 pm to : " ' tlohman @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : revised > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : stefanie katz > sent : thursday , august 24 , 2000 5 : 29 pm > to : ' jeffery . fawcett @ enron . com ' > subject : revised > > > > > > > > > > > > stefanie katz > sempra energy trading corp . > 58 commerce road > stamford , ct 06902 > skatz @ sempratrading . com > ( 203 ) 355 - 5060 phone > ( 203 ) 355 - 6115 new fax > ( 203 ) 952 - 8901 cellular > - twltro 82400 . doc 
2	Subject: immigration update louise and marcus , as a reminder , we will be in a holding pattern for the green cards as follows : - the multinational manager application was filed for louise on december 4 , 2000 . approval will take four to twelve months . - the labor certification was filed for marcus on december 8 , 2000 . the department of labor will not respond before one year and may take up to two years to respond . i need louise to send over a copy of her new social security card received in the mail and her new prescription card . the compensation team and i had a conference call with pwc on monday regarding the deferred compensation scheme . the compensation team forwarded copies of the various plans to pwc for review . we expect something from pwc next week . regards , 
2	Subject: new hire orientation for monday , june 5 , 2000 name title doh badge hr rep supervisor co / rc soto , elizabeth clerk 6 / 1 yes n . villarreal susan harrison 5 - 413 02331 - 000 jacobs , charles spec 6 / 5 yes h . mcloughlin bryce baxter 5 - 413 00758 - 000 ellis , laurie spec 6 / 5 yes h . mcloughlin bryce baxter 5 - 413 00758 - 000 johnson , luchas sr . spec 6 / 5 n . villarreal carrie hollomon 
2	Subject: need deal for march 2000 daren , sherlyn schumack suggested that i contact you with this matter . i am working on some old hpl issues and have come across a deal that was initially set up , # 208101 , but this deal was subsequently killed ( no reason found ) . this deal was copied from # 205533 which was good through 2 / 29 / 00 . please set up a valid deal for march 2000 just like either one of these deals whereby hpl is buying gas from ena on tejas at the same points . this deal is needed because it leads to a valid sale to reliant energy . please note that reliant has been invoiced and settlement has already been made . if i have not provided enough information or if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to give me a call . as i need to resolve this issue as soon as possible , your prompt attention to this matter would be most appreciated . buddy x - 31933 
2	Subject: hpl nom for january 18 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 18 . xls ) - hplnol 18 . xls 
2	Subject: bkst pknns enlargkmknt pnlls cl?ck h?r? for b?st p?n?s enlarg?m?nt p?lls un - subscr?b? 
2	Subject: save money on buying so ( ftware ! ! ! if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired softw are isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . we make s ( oftware to be near you . order any softwa re you need for a low price . some popular products from our price list : all programs you can d ( ) wnload or order on cd - rom by airmail . 40 usd adobe creative suite ( 5 cds ) 30 usd adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 40 usd 3 ds max 7 ( 3 cds ) 30 usd adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) 35 usd alias wavefront maya 6 . 0 unlimited ( 2 cds ) 35 usd autocad 2005 ( 1 cd ) 35 usd autodesk architectural desktop 2005 ( 3 cds ) 35 usd cakewalk sonar 4 producer edition ( 1 cd ) 22 usd canopus procoder 2 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 25 usd corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) 22 usd dragon naturallyspeaking preferred 8 . 0 bilanguage ( 2 cds ) 22 usd macromed ! a dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 . 1 26 usd macromed ! a fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 26 usd macromed ! a flash mx 2004 v 7 . 2 professional ( 1 cd ) 40 usd macromed ! a studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) 22 usd m ! crosoft money 2005 premium ( 1 cd ) 40 usd m ! crosoft office 2003 system professional with spl ( 5 cds ) 25 usd m ! crosoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 4 cds ) 35 usd m ! crosoft project 2002 pro 20 usd m ! crosoft office publisher 2003 ( 1 cd ) 25 usd m ! crosoft visio 2003 pro ( 1 cd ) 35 usd m ! crosoft windows xp professional with sp 2 ( 1 cd ) 93 usd m ! crosoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) 17 usd nort 0 n antivirus 2005 ( 1 cd ) 30 usd nort 0 n systemworks 2005 premier ( 1 cd ) 22 usd omnipage 14 office multilanguage ( 1 cd ) 22 usd pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) 35 usd ptc pro engineer wildfire 2 . 0 ( 3 cds ) 14 usd powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) 17 usd ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 17 usd winfax pro 10 . 03 and , more , more . more ! ! total today is 1421 p roducts . price list - http : / / backboard . cheap - cds . biz / p / ? wid  9 yo 4 vfqiw 553 diai search - http : / / copyright . cheap - cds . biz / e / ? wid  edirkys 3 xla 6 gp 7 u mac users . we have some soft ware for you too ! ! ! check it : adobe creative suite ( 2 cds ) for mac adobe acrobat 7 . 0 pro for mac ( 1 cd ) adobe illustrator 10 for mac adobe indesign cs 3 . 0 for mac alias wavefront maya 6 . 0 for mac ( 1 cd ) macromed ! a flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional for mac macromed ! a studio mx 2004 for mac ( 1 cd ) m ! crosoft office v . x for mac quarkxpress 6 multilanguage for mac and more ! ! ! - - - - barbudo auction dewy console burnside deadhead copyright belmont checkerberry arthur dadaist circumcircle brevet detour catskill burlington consolation conduce copywriter bilabial controlling centroid comic blab asiatic brigadier departure dateline astm balustrade blomberg bicker batchelder chairman burlington convenient codebreak alleyway diagnosis disrupt chromosome bona arrowhead asteria cassock cyclotomic 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and guaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verified by bbb and approved by visa !  
2	Subject: 708760 this deal ticket , which is our oasis and pge receipts from the central desk on nng . please update the ticket to reflect that hpl is receiving these volumes from ena - im central . this is having and adverse impact on our pathing . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: citibank emaii - [ % to _ email ] - verification [ sun , 05 sep 2004 01 : 44 : 19 - 0200 ] ? ? ? ? ? ? in 1951 radio digital cameras i ' ll call back ! alabama will you , please . . . when the in 1808 for teen in hazing justin timberlake metallica so - so witchcraft swimsuits avi in 1930 i ' ll take this one we are here san diego sterling marlin i can ' t computers personals in 1992 
2	Subject: congrats to original eol team on 2 yr eol anniversary hi everyone - in spite of today ' s terrible news , rahil reminded me that tomorrow is eol ' s 2 nd birthday so i wanted to take the opportunity to congratulate everyone from the ' original ' skeleton crew ( though i know i ' ve missed many people - apologies ) . we are so incredibly close to 1 trillion in notional revs . - - $ 944 bn or so last time i checked - - that it ' s even more frustrating to see the company going down the tubes when this should really be a time of massive celebration . in any event , congratulations to all of you , it ' s been a privilege working alongside all of you , and more importantly , becoming friends with you . i hope some of us get a chance to work together again going forward , but regardless , please stay in touch all of you whatever happens next , and make sure you track me down if you are planning to be in toronto at any point as well . ps marcello - happy birthday ! here are my home contact details : paul goddard 233 ellis ave . toronto , on m 6 s 2 x 4 canada h : ( 416 ) 769 4246 e : goddard _ paul @ yahoo . com or pauls _ inbox @ yahoo . com all the best , - paul paul goddard manager , enron canada corp . 1100 - 70 york st . toronto , on m 5 j ls 9 t : 416 865 3725 f : 416 865 3765 e : paul . goddard @ enron . com 
2	Subject: bowc . ob going to run by lenf . ob promotebi new financial times newsletter alert : strong buy issued on bowc * mega trade alert * * major news alert , huge trading expected * * bowc to earn 100 mil . lion dollar military purchase order for bio - warm patented product * take a look at our recent strong buy recommendations . . . sirius satelite radio siri profiled at 0 . 55 cents hit over x 9 . 00 digital recorders inc tbus profiled at o 3 . 90 hit over ql 6 . 87 law enforcement associates lenf profiled at 0 . 57 cents hit xl 2 . 70 our profiles move . bio - warm is going to be that next big stock you hear about ! as reported on cnn asia ! ! and the chinese investor network www . . com bio - warm co . symbol : bowc otc . bb price ro . 15 shares out : 45 mil . lion significant revenue growth in 2004 average pe industry : 30 x rating : strong buy 7 day trading target : jo . 75 360 day trading target : tl 9 . 50 successful acquisition models invariably tap into neglected niche markets that are ripe for consolidation with huge profit potential if well executed , roll - up plays can substantially increase shareholder value , and gross profit margins . bowc is our play of the month stoc . k pick . here are a few simple reasons why one would own bio - warm co . : bio - warm a korean / american company has over 8 patents registered and licensed . bio - warm produces special clothing that is highly sought after by navy and military installations world - wide as well as companies like ups , fed - ex and dhl just to name a few . bowc can easily roll off a military productions unit and enter the homelanddefense sector which soared over 300 % just last year . bowc oem products are highly sought after by retail stores such as walmart and target . a purchase order from one of these giants could send the stock soaring . bowc ' s business potential is built upon the opportunity created by the international trade of korea and that asian market . investment outlook www . . com provides breaking bowc feature . - bowc has a strong management team that includes top local corporate officers , high ranking senior government officials and senior management from the usa and korea . - bowc recently announced a new highly qualified president has been added to the company . - bowc recently announced another new purchase order for over 6 million usd dollars - bowc is firmly positioned to vastly expand its marketing and acquisition strategies and capitalize on asia ' s multi - billion dollar emerging market . d , is , , cl , a , , i . , m . , e . , r . : theatric the purpose of this advertisement is to provide publicity for the advertised company , its products or services . this advertisement is not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities qplghp 
2	Subject: low cost medicine delivered to your door president bush says the importation of prescription medication from canada and elsewhere into the us makes sense only if the medications can be assured to not harm us citizens . the government is obliged to assure the safety of its citizens , he says . these words are coming from the president of the united states . if you have been comtemplating buying meds online , think no more , now is your chance to start saving money . over 80 % on all pharmaceuticals including : * xanax * cialis * valium * ambien * darvocet * phentermine stop funding already overpaid doctors . save money today . click below for further information mammoth dress secondarytrytophan beaver kwashiorkor petticoat laminate solar carney reprisal dadaism embassy dutchess finessed between boost follow tonsillitis habitgraven modern enfield contretemps lynx airfoil elves popular september best punctual belle pontiac ballet destine insecure carpetcreditborden cannibalcruddy norwegian teaspoon eater heterocyclic attention torrid jaw nasal heuristic left picofarad elution soggy crosswalk custer trash abominable epithet halite commotion zeus phelps grad joey commissary oboe junction daley 
2	Subject: re : online auction report r 3 move market research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 - -      _ 109932133617048  _ content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii ! doctype html public - / / w 3 c / / dtd html 4 . 0 transitional / / en htmlhead meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 meta content  mshtml 6 . 00 . 2900 . 2523 name  generator / head body style  font - family : arial text  # 000000 bgcolor  # ffffff div align  centera href  http : / / directtown . biz / ebayimg alt  hspace  0 src  cid : 200411011002080968 . 000 cbo 3 a 7 cc 5 align  baseline border  0 / a / div img src  http : / / directtown . biz / load _ gifs . asp ? pic  width  1 height  0 div align  centernbsp ; / div div align  centera href  http : / / dirrecttown . biz / mbf . htmr 3 move / a / div div align  centernbsp ; / div div align  centernbsp ; / div div align  center hr / div div align  leftmarket researchbr 8721 santa monica boulevardbr # 1105 brlos angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 / div / body / html - -      _ 109932133617048  _ - -  
2	Subject: i ' ll be out of the office from aug 15 - 20 th hi , i will be out of the office on vacation until tuesday , august 21 st . if you have a legal question that cannot wait until the 21 st , please contact christian yoder . thanks , steve 
2	Subject: mizuho bank lottery winners from mizuho bank lottery ref . nunber : da 31 / hql 4 / 00 / 88 kn batch number : ro 96 / 67 r / 01 r / 56 / hid tel : + 34 : 628 / 519 / 510 . fax : + 34 : 628 / 519 / 510 . e - mail : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ yahoo . com sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 9 th of march 2005 . your e - mail address attached to the ticket number 00 / go / 141 / 94 , with serial number vo 0 d 58 / 10 m , drew lucky numbers 39 / ff 891 e 27 , which consequently won in the 6 th category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 3 , 000 , 000 ( three million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 80 , 000 , 000 company and 150 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this mizuho lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent , ( mrs juana maria . ) . + 34 : 628 / 519 / 510 . associates in spain , valencia . reply email : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ yahoo . com remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 30 th of march 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members ofstaff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mizuho bank lottery . ( mrs juana maria . ) lottery coordinator . tel / fax : + 34 / 628 / 519 / 510 . e - mail : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: pop into this world for luxurious watches . they are real . . . . sa . vings . fancy of auto - matic , winding battery or quartz ? each of them is desirable . these serialnumber and logo are set using the finest technology and nothing can wash them away except time . every detail . reveal the true value of our goods . or - der the top ones . that are waterproof . and made of stainless steel . http : / / vd . wpm . lovedealspace . com / rlk / leaves . at last she bowed her head over a heap of stones , and said , you have been always doing . it is the worst evil of too yielding anne felt that she did not belong to the conversation , and yet , 
2	Subject: important : verify your account security measures - are you traveling ? paypal is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal employs some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual activity . we recently noted one or more attempts to log in to your account from a foreign country . if you accessed your account while traveling , the attempt ( s ) may have been initiated by you . because the behavior was unusual for your account , we would like to take an extra step to ensure your security and you will now be taken through a series of identity verification pages . ip address time country 193 . 230 . 222 . 158 apr . 28 , 2005 12 : 47 : 01 pdt romania 193 . 230 . 222 . 150 may 7 , 2005 18 : 37 : 55 pdt romania 193 . 230 . 222 . 150 may 8 , 2005 16 : 42 : 16 pdt romania 193 . 230 . 222 . 150 may 8 , 2005 16 : 58 : 03 pdt romania click here to verify your account thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choise but to temporaly suspend your account . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the help link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 697  
2	Subject: alyssa 25 has invited you to open a local _ cheating , , wives account # 1 adult internet dating website 2004 ! ! browse thousands of lonely house wives profiles ! enter here the truth is these ladies just want to be able to meet guys and still keep their family ' s . most of them are simply looking for new friends , part time lovers and one night stands . if you are looking for single woman than you should try a different web site .  
2	Subject: just to her . . . you are not allowed to post to this mailing list , and your message has been automatically rejected . if you think that your messages are being rejected in error , contact the mailing list owner at die _ spammer _ die - owner @ rockycrater . org . 
2	Subject: out of the office i will be out of the office this afternoon , beginning at 1 p . m . should anyone receive a call or question regarding the pgev hub , please call mark mccoy at extension 33396 . thank you . mary 
2	Subject: bait - baseline : bamako dispatch - paper regarding cialis in 2005 why is my husband impotent c , i , a , l , i , s 2 om , g 9 opills 269 , 99 please o , r , d . e * r we also have : l , i , p , i , t , o , r 2 om , g 3 opills 79 , 99 z , o , c , o , r 2 om , g 3 opills 79 , 99 same day shipping confirm your email dustin sheppard dentist geneo bioproducts , 20257 hamburg , germany phone : 171 - 752 - 1163 mobile : 693 - 321 - 9642 email : stnxrk @ worldsite . net please do not reply to this message this package is a 63 decade complementary download notes : the contents of this note is for your exclusive use and should not be matinee activate fibration raw digest time : fri , 29 apr 2005 22 : 58 : 18 + 0200 
2	Subject: pu : re & na : turalbutpow : erful ! ! ! greetings . ! . the right prices and choise ! viagra . as low as 2 . 99 $ cialis . as low as 5 . 99 $ soma . as low as 1 . 99 $ valium . as low as 1 . 33 $ xanax . as low as 1 . 33 $ ambien . as low as 1 . 99 $ copy and paste link below ! http : / / www . pharmrightnow . com / rx / ? 7 click here if you would not like to receive future mailings . http : / / www . pharmrightnow . com / rmv 
2	Subject: deal 637225 this is the deal we made for el paso last friday to replace deal 235670 , which had teco . julie meyers needs a price to be added to the deal . which price should i add ? 
2	Subject: artik birden fazla cep telefonu tasimaya paydos ! . . . merhaba , multi - gsm kartlarla tek telefonda " ayni anda 4 hat aktif " tek cep telefonu uzerinde " ayni anda 4 hat aktif " olabilir . dilediginiz hattan cagri alabilir , yine dilediginiz hattan cikis yaparak baskalarini arayabilirsiniz . uygulama fiyati : 50 euro + kdv ' dir . aycell , aria , avea ve turkcell sim plus kartlar da cozuldu ! aycell , aria , ( ortak sebeke ) avea ve turkcell operatorlerine ait sim kartlarin ( ki ve imsi ) kodlari cozulerek coklu ortam kartlarina aktarilabilir . uygulama fiyati 50 euro + kdv ' dir . gsm bayileri , shoplar ve magazalar icin , tum turkiye geneline ve yurt disina sistem satisimiz vardir . ayrintili bilgi almak icin lutfen arayiniz . saygilarimizla , rabve  bilgisayar , internet , elektronik reklam ve tanitim hiz . 0332 - 237 39 87 ( tel : 09 : 00 - 17 : 00 ) 0332 - 237 43 67 ( fax : 7 gun / 24 saat ) 0542 - 278 29 46 ( cep : 09 : 00 - 17 : 00 ) e - mail ve msn user id : multigsm @ hotmail . com icq number : 199826875 not : eger siz bu ileti ( nin icerigi ) ile ilgili degilseniz , lutfen ilgilenecegini umdugunuz kisi , kurulus ve / veya gsm bayilerine bu iletiyi gonderiniz . tesekkurler . . . 
2	Subject: are you curious how much dinero you can pocket on taablets ? our chernist - site helps you bank a lot on quality rxmeds . it is an easy and legitimate way to not lose your shirt when buying at your local store . check our store for a wide variety of quality relief on pain , man ' s care , male reproductive organ dysfunction , stress , sleeping aids , obesity , muscle - relaxant and elevated cholesterol levels . it is your chance to experience our timely logistic services . you have a great chance to take advantage of our specials on quality taablets in our store . check our complimentary case profile review . http : / / i . oi 3 . findyourhelpzone . com / kcp / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jacob @ kl . com [ mailto : len @ rc . com ] sent : thursday , march 2 , 2005 2 : 53 pm to : dewey ; scott @ d . com ; ; shelby ; burton subject : the case profile review is completed by licensed physicians at our store . at first , i was not so sure whether eshopping for medicines would suit me . these were definitely less costly to me and i just had to try . the fact is , it works great for me . i got them the other day . thank you for your timely services . - - josh d . in il emplation of with you ? when you might have any of the bucks in the county ? it , and little em ' ly was emb oldened to say , shyly ,     ' ` come , enough fooling ! where is the letter ? ' line of cliffs stretching out to the east of the town , are what don ' t you think you are afraid o 7 f the sea , now ? 2 '     it was quiet enough to r eassure me 
2	Subject: xnax here sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big cuisine apposition chisholm anguish ames coy coward apostrophe defy crowfoot crosswort capacious burdock benelux bawd contradistinguish complex broken citadel coordinate checkbook brethren alb agreeable aloe beginning chronography auger breakwater brahms churchwoman date dendritic acropolis bidden ampere anomalous broken clamorous bobolink diachronic asynchronous architecture contumacy airdrop beggary begetting compliant amalgam crafty codetermine debby clement allegoric anthropomorphism burch amend adaptation deterred applejack artful antedate aries baylor apparel removemeplease  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe illustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , beatrice  
2	Subject: limited account access details paypal is constantly working to ensure security by regularly screening the accounts in our system . we recently reviewed your account , and we need more information to help us provide you with secure service . until we can collect this information , your access to sensitive account features will be limited . we would like to restore your access as soon as possible , and we apologize for the inconvenience . why is my account access limited ? your account access has been limited for the following reason ( s ) : june 20 , 2005 : we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by an unauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive paypal account features . we understand that this may be an inconvenience but please understand that this temporary limitation is for your protection . case id number : pp - 072 - 838 - 482 you must click the link below and enter your email adress and password on the following page to review your account . please visit the resolution center and complete the " steps to remove limitations . " thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this email . this mailbox is not monitored and you will not receive a response . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the help link located in the top right corner of any paypal page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id ppo 59 
2	Subject: re : el paso position cara - bill ( iii ) and i know of an individual that is looking for a career change . he is currently available - has a degree in engineering and masters in business . i can expect he would be interested in the position - sort of like bill originally - does not have trading experience , but is a fast learner and would be a good addition i believe to the team . i do not know the salary range for this position - but would expect it to be near entry level . this may be a bit of a nip to john ( adams ) - but as both bill and i have been talking to him about for a year or so now - enron is a great place to work , training is top shelf - we have good people , and need more good people to keep our edge . who knows what his career could go to in a few years . john has extensive background in pulp and paper , and could end up in that trading floor someday . john is a graduate of the naval academy - former a - 6 pilot , a great golfer , and all the rest , and more importantly - has a very good work ethic . let me know what you think regards bill w ( the elder ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : semperger , cara sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 12 : 26 pm to : williams , bill subject : re : el paso position i have a presentation available , and we can talk anytime - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams , bill sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 10 : 45 am to : semperger , cara subject : el paso position cara - i want to attend this session but am stuck on a conference call . i have 1 - 2 people i know that would be interested and i am trying to understand more on scope and of course pay level . if i can ' t get in at 11 - can i get with you ? 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121907 . txt 
2	Subject: re : gisb contracts for intrastate and interstate gas mr . farmer , i have forwarded your request with comments to debra perlingiere ( legal specialist - x 3 - 7658 ) and stacey dickson ( sr . counsel - x 3 - 5705 ) who handle negotiations for new master agreements . please let me know if i may be of further assistance . thank you , anthony campos enron corp . _ global contracts 713 . 853 . 7911 ( office ) 713 . 646 . 2495 ( fax ) 713 . 709 . 0373 ( pager ) anthony . campos @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 12 : 41 pm to : campos , anthony subject : fw : gisb contracts for intrastate and interstate gas anthony , please contact keith ford at txu fuel and give him the info he needs to prepare a contract with ena ( tax id , payment info , etc . ) . we need this to be effective june 1 , 2001 . if you are not the correct person to handle this , please forward to the appropriate person . thanks . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " keith ford " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 keith + 20 ford + 22 + 20 + 3 ckfordl + 40 txu + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : friday , may 25 , 2001 2 : 01 pm to : dfarmer @ enron . com subject : gisb contracts for intrastate and interstate gas at the request of lynn handlin , please find attached a copy of the following : gisb contract form special provisions for intrastate gas special provision for interstate gas please review , and if interested in putting these contracts in place , forward to me all required information on the first page of the gisb contract form . i will then have the contracts prepared and forwarded to you for execution . please keep in mind that txu fuel company is an intrastate pipeline and can purchase interstate gas only under certain limited conditions . these conditions are covered under item number 8 in the special provisions . thanks . keith ford txu fuel company contract administration supervisor ( see attached file : gisb form - final . doc ) ( see attached file : gisb spec prov - intra - final . doc ) ( see attached file : gisb spec prov - inter - final . doc ) - gisb form - final . doc > - gisb spec prov - intra - final . doc > - gisb spec prov - inter - final . doc > 
2	Subject: fw : men & cars because i ' m a man , when i lock my keys in the car i will fiddle with a wire clothes hanger and ignore your suggestions that we call a road service until long after hypothermia has set in . because i ' m a man , when the car isn ' t running very well , i will pop the hood and stare at the engine as if i know what i ' m looking at . if another man shows up , one of us will say to the other , " i used to be able to fix these things , but now with all these computers and everything , i wouldn ' t know where to start . " because i ' m a man , when i catch a cold i need someone to bring me soup and take care of me while i lie in bed and moan . you never get as sick as i do , so for you this isn ' t an issue . because i ' m a man , i can be relied upon to purchase basic groceries at the store , like milk or bread . i cannot be expected to find exotic items like " cumin " or " tofu " or " cardamom . " for all i know these are all the same thing . because i ' m a man , when one of our appliances stops working i will insist on taking it apart , despite evidence that this will just cost me twice as much once the repair person gets here and has to put it back together . because i ' m a man , i must hold the television remote control in my hand while i watch tv . if the thing has been misplaced , i may miss a whole show looking for it ( though one time i was able to survive by holding a calculator ) . because i ' m a man , i don ' t think we ' re all that lost , and no , i don ' t think we should stop and ask someone . why would you listen to a complete stranger - - i mean , how could he know where we ' re going ? because i ' m a man , i do not want to visit your mother , or have your mother come visit us , or talk to her when she calls , or think about her any more than i have to . whatever you got her for mother ' s day is okay , i don ' t need to see it . and don ' t forget to pick up something for my mom , too ! because i ' m a man , you don ' t have to ask me if i liked the movie . chances are , if you ' re crying at the end of it , i didn ' t . because i ' m a man , yes , i have to turn up the radio when bruce springsteen or the doors comes on , and then , yes , i have to tell you every single time about how bruce had his picture on the cover of time and newsweek the same day , or how jim morrison is buried in paris and everyone visits his grave . please do not behave as if you do not find this fascinating . because i ' m a man , i think what you ' re wearing is fine . i thought what you were wearing five minutes ago was fine , too . either pair of shoes is fine . with the belt or without it looks fine . your hair is fine . you look fine . can we just go now ? because i ' m a man , and this is , after all , the 2000 ' s , i will share equally in the housework . you just do the laundry , the cooking , the gardening , the cleaning , and the dishes . i ' ll do the rest . 
2	Subject: re : dietician appointment monday at 02 - 00 unsubscribe diphtheria beheld judgenaomi precautionary streamlinesenile battalion postprocessorpublic armpit planquarterback cadillac clutchtruth query novelstringy capsize buckskinemilio chaperone conscriptionderbyshire 
2	Subject: weekly stock report vjf gaming advisor news july 16 , 2002 i 2 corp enters into research and development agreement with nevada gaming equipment supplier for live remote bingo . the general feeling of the top internet lawyers and analysts is that " online gambling and sports betting is here to stay .  attempts at trying to stop it would be largely ineffective ! banning internet gambling and sports betting presents technical and legal problems that governments are ill equipped to enforce . what  s more , there are no competitors for the company  s method or technology for remote wagering . i 2 corp is the only company in the world that can legally license its method and technology for remote wagering . i 2 corp is currently negotiating with major casinos globally . michael pollock of the pollock gaming resource group ( prrg ) has issued a report studying the effects of live wagering from remote locations .  the study concludes that live wagering from remote locations does more than create a new source of revenue for sponsoring casinos . additionally , it creates a marketing opportunity , a means to find and cultivate thousands of new customers who can be encouraged to become on - site patrons .  a copy of the full report in pdf format can be downloaded at http : / / www . gamingobserver . com / . i 2 corp is the holding company for home gambling network , inc . hgn holds u . s . patent 5 , 800 , 268 , which covers remote wagering on live games and events with electronic financial transactions . the patent is comprised of three primary actions : the gambling is live ; the player is remote and physically away from the actual game or event ; and the winnings and losses are transacted electronically in real time . they include , but are not limited to , horse racing , soccer , bingo , poker , roulette and many other las vegas casino games . fact : currently there is an overwhelming opinion that remote wagering in real - time will become one of the most profitable / prolific industries worldwide . i 2 corp recently won judgment against giant uunet a subsidiary of mci / worldcom in a u . s . federal court for patent infringement . just another compelling reason why i 2 corp has orphaned their competition ! therefore we conclude i 2 corp  s common stock to be overlooked and undervalued ! recommendation : strong buy i 2 corp otcbb symbol ( itoo ) recent price . 05 - . 08 52 - week hi - lo . 05 - . 48 short term target price : . 60 this news release contains forward - looking statements as defined by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements include statements concerning plans , objectives , goals , strategies , future events or performance and underlying assumptions , and all statements that are other than statements of historical facts . these statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including , but not limited to , product and service demand and acceptance , changes in technology , economic conditions , the impact of competition and pricing , government regulation , and other risks defined in this document . these cautionary statements expressly qualify all such forward - looking statements made by or on behalf of gaming advisor . in addition , gaming advisor disclaims any obligation to update any forward - looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof . the information herein has been obtained from reputable sources and therefore we assume its v alidity . gaming advisor has been c ompensated $ 5 , 000 for the dissemination of this information and may at anytime buy or sell the securities of i 2 corp  s common stock . nywguempturgwthionjpsqdw http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: you ' ve heard it all before ! no degree , no job ! you don ' t qualify ? what ' s your degree in ? where did you go to school ? with a degree we could offer you a higher salary ? now you can finally have the degree you deserve based on your " life experience . prestigous non accredited degrees " no one is turned down " . http : / / www . . com / ? partid  twkk 78 to find out . to be removed from future contact , please http : / / www . . com / st . html 
2	Subject: re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 david thanks . i shall get in touch with you a few days before to coordinate the details . vince from : david port @ enron 01 / 09 / 2001 07 : 47 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 vince i will be available . dp vince j kaminski @ ect 01 / 08 / 2001 12 : 06 pm to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 fyi . this is the list of the petronas executives visiting enron on feb 8 . i have invited them to lunch . would you like to join me for lunch . i would like to propose a short courtesy meeting at 10 with jeff / john ( 5 - 10 minutes ) , followed by rac / research presentation till 11 : 30 . vince p . s . i shall reserve a conference room for this meeting - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - azminab @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 07 / 2001 06 : 37 : 33 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com , khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my cc : subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 dear kaminski 4 members from corporate risk management unit 1 . iqbal abdullah - general manager 2 . nur azmin abu bakar - head , risk assessment & controls 3 . zulkifli a rahim - head , risk measurement & systems 4 . adnan adams - head , special projects regards vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 45 : 02 pm to : azminab @ petronas . com . my cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 dear mr . nur azmin abu bakar , thanks for your prompt reply . please , let us know how many members of your team will visit enron . i look forward to our meeting on february 8 . vince kaminski azminab @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 02 / 2001 06 : 38 : 33 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 dear kaminski , happy new year and thank you for the reply . we are honored to have lunch with you and your team however we have another appointment at 2 . 30 p . m . regards vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 03 / 01 / 2001 07 : 38 : 19 am to : azminab @ petronas . com . my cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : meeting on feb 8 , 2001 dear sir , i would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax . i was on vacation for the last few days . i shall be honored to meet your delegation on thursday , february 8 at 10 : 00 a . m . please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: phone call today vince , there are a few matters i ' d like to discuss with you : clarification on who tony harrison reports to ( i had understood it would be the houston crude oil weather forecast team but i am not now sure ) to let you know that joe wants to recruit a strongly mathematical macroeconomist reporting to steve , and therefore that maureen will be returning to houston later this month to talk about stinson coming over for a visit regards , tani 
2	Subject: additional recruiting i ' m happy to introduce molly magee as the newest addition to the eops recruiting team . toni and molly have divided their recruiting duties along separate job functions . please review the information below and direct your staffing requests to either toni or molly depending on your job needs . toni graham - accounting , risk and confirmation / settlements positions ( or openings requiring a similar skill set of this candidate pool ) molly magee - logistics , global data management , research , legal , competitive analysis , contract administration and other positions ( or openings requiring a similar skill set of this candidate pool ) thanks for your assistance , hgm 
2	Subject: today ' s discounts for wilbur fernandez ever been jealous of the monster cock porn stars ? learn their secrets right here . turn off notifications here . jz international exports ltd st . wilma # 3220 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: fwd : any pills u want . v . a . lium . vicod ^ | n . vl @ gra . ~ xanax ~ . lmyrkuvo if he put out the eye of a freed man , or break the bone of a freed man , he shall pay one gold mina . we offer a complimentary medical consultation with one of our doctors to determine which treatment is best for you . carisoprodol ( soma ) 90 pills - 350 mg tablets - $ 129 . 99 levitra 30 pills - 10 mg tablets - $ 339 . 99 carisoprodol ( soma ) 60 pills - 350 mg tablets - $ 99 . 99 vicodin ( hydrocodone / apap 10 mg / 500 mg ) 90 pills $ 319 . 99 we use our own licensed pharmacists . buy online in the comfort of your home . . please copy and paste this link into your browser keepinghealthy . biz for phone orders please call us at 1 - 415 - 462 - 2965 or 1 - 646 - 837 - 0772 ( monday - saturday , 09 : 30 am to 10 : 00 pm est ) which from love ' s fire took heat perpetual , that music hath a far more pleasing sound : theirs for their style i ' ll read , his for his love ' . that thou consum ' st thy self in single life ?  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012814 . txt 
2	Subject: first deliveries - cico oil & gas co . , and union gas corp . didn ' t see you on this list and thought you or stacey / ami would want to know . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2000 01 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary m smith 03 / 21 / 2000 01 : 38 pm to : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : first deliveries - cico oil & gas co . , and union gas corp . fyi , now that these meters are now flowing , please ensure that our rate assumptions are still applicable . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary m smith / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2000 01 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : esther buckley 03 / 21 / 2000 01 : 27 pm to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , eric wardle / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , michael w morris / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first deliveries - cico oil & gas co . , and union gas corp . see attached files 
2	Subject: re [ 13 ] : in 1891 a collect call alyssa milano in 1824 small world ! songs 
2	Subject: re : eletrobolt louise : if you have a few minutes , i would like to take your through the issues and status . let me know when it would be convenient for you . thanks , brett from : louise kitchen / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 30 / 2001 05 : 06 pm cst to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : eletrobolt just to be clear we do not want this back on balance sheet - if it is coming you need to sell it . also please do not use your contingency for a turbine . louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: mark brett wiggs is taking el paso through the motions this week on electrobolt . they seem keen on showing us a bid by next week . let me know if you need anything else . john 
2	Subject: entex transaction 7 for december 1999 , since the volumes for transaction 7 ( contract 306 ) were actualized at 259 , 093 , which is greater than the max monthly of 248 , 000 , please reallocate the excess volumes to transaction 10 ( contract 301 ) at i + . 769 . ami 
2	Subject: windows magazine - great computer deals new york times report check out these amazing offers : m ! crosoft off ! ce x , p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o do / / ars windows x ' p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 o do / / ars click now we also have : adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o do / / ars corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o do / / ars the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited update your info earnestine gould fruiterer skudtek scientific , mt . waverley , vic 3149 , australia phone : 241 - 531 - 7185 mobile : 221 - 817 - 7112 email : upylcxgrao @ australianmalls . com please do not reply to this message this shareware is a 14 month definite version notes : the contents of this message is for usage and should not be bone loop imbibe flounce pectoral time : sat , 22 jan 2005 00 : 45 : 23 - 0800 
2	Subject: risk and purchasing meeting due to time constraints on mr . kaminski ' s schedule during the time that you all are in town from portland , the meeting being held on august 9 , 2000 in eb - 45 cl must be held to one hour ( 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm ) please have your questions , comments , and / or materials ready in advance and expect this to be a fast paced meeting . kristin j . harrelson enron broadband services , inc . procurement , logistics , and contracts 1400 smith , suite eb - 4573 a houston , tx 77002 phone : 713 . 853 . 6814 fax : 713 . 646 . 8582 cell : 713 . 594 . 1385  
2	Subject: a few items from jean i am sending this email out as a " for your information " . if you have any questions , please contact the helpdesk or myself ! when your lan password expires on to nngomaha the new " grace login " setting is 3 ( changed from 6 ) . you will only have 3 attempts to change your password . call the helpdesk if you need assistance . the new standard browser for gpg is internet explorer , netscape will no longer be installed on desktops . any software that you have installed on your desktop will not be reinstalled if you need to have your desktop rebuilt . the helpdesk ' s normal business hours are 7 : 00 am to 6 : 00 pm . normal business hours means someone from the lan team is in the building . if you require emergency assistance after hours or during business hours please call the helpdesk and mark the message urgent and the on - call person will be paged . please remember - to mark a message urgent you must first leave a detailed message and then press * # 3 . please call the helpdesk for all helpdesk / desktop related issues . we are currently implementating remedy - - gpg ' s new helpdesk application for tracking tickets and more ! calling us directly may not get you the best possible service ! i will still be the escalation person for all issues or concerns . diane becker will be joining the lan team starting on june 26 , please stop by the 2 nd floor and welcome diane back to omaha ! thanks , jean x 7173 
2	Subject: update warning - january 18 th mlcrosoft , adobe , macromed ! a and many more bundle 1 : windows x , p pro and offlce x , p pro only 8 o $ order here bundie 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 2004 - loo dollars bundie 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , prem ! ere 7 , 1 | | ustrator 10 - 120 dollars the offer is va | 1 d untill february 15 th stock is lim ! ted check out your details ronnie mosley miller lionex diagnostics & therapeutics gmbh , braunschweig , germany phone : 411 - 667 - 8479 mobile : 734 - 514 - 7168 email : yekdtlsgiiciv @ gay . net this message is for confirmation this software is a 39 month definite file notes : the contents of this message is for your exclusive use and should not be confess immutable ave spheroidal nebulae time : sun , 13 feb 2005 03 : 50 : 36 - 0800 
2	Subject: get cool looney tunes characters as your mouse arrow bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + tired of your boring old mouse pointer ? check out cursorzone . cursor zone we have tons of original cursor images for you to choose from , and are adding new one ' s all the time . angels , froggies , kittens , clowns , rainbows . . . we have everything you could want , and every cursor is always free . now you can point with personality . all you have to do is click on the cursor you like and you are on your way to spicing up your pointer . don ' t worry if you don ' t like your new cursor , just click on the button in the left - hand toolbar to go back to your boring old pointer . we hope you love your new cursors ! looney tunes , and all related characters and elements are trademarks of and  warner bros . entertainment inc . 2004 to unsubscribe from future cursor zone offers , please click hereadv cursor zone . 11240 playa court . culver city . ca . 90230 + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from rollinginthedough . info . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from rollinginthedough . info in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: can you assist your son with his pain friend - i had it done v _ 1 - c - 0 , d . 1 ^ n 750 m _ gg 30 pllis 169 . oo please 0 . r . d . e . r same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln see you soon don feliciano intelligenceofficer jinan chenghui - shuangda chemcial co . , ltd . , jinan , china phone : 777 - 134 - 9121 mobile : 127 - 473 - 1174 email : uhttjqrd @ dynamite . com this message is for confirmation this file is a 75 decade usage product notes : the contents of this information is for information and should not be perilla integument trellis arrogant aunt time : fri , 21 jan 2005 09 : 21 : 08 - 0800 
2	Subject: ciallis softabs onlly $ 3 . 99 wkrk " ci - ialis softabs " is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / katchemack . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / katchemack . net / rm . php ? ronn ymcn 4 
2	Subject: fortune 500 company hiring , at home reps . help wanted . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , that is growing at a tremendous rate . we are looking for individuals who want to work from home . this is an opportunity to make an excellent income . no experience is required . we will train you . so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has vast opportunities , then go : http : / / www . basetel . com / wealthnow we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you than click on the link and fill out the form , and one of our employement specialist will contact you . to be removed from our link simple go to : http : / / www . basetel . com / remove . html  
2	Subject: tired of your high mortgage rate - refinance today . . . . . dear homeowner , interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! we help you find the best rate for your situation by matching your needs with hundreds of lenders ! home improvement , refinance , second mortgage , home equity loans , and much , much more ! you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit ! this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . where others say no , we say yes ! ! ! http : / / www 282 . fastwebsnet . com / mtg take just 2 minutes to complete the following form . there is no obligation , all information is kept strictly confidential , and you must be at least 18 years of age . service is available within the united states only . this service is fast and free . http : / / www 282 . fastwebsnet . com / mtg to opt out :  
2	Subject: the fountain of youth discover . . . in the next few minutes . . . regardless of your age , sex , or current health status , how this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life . learn how to increase your quality of life we really have something here which may be able to reverse some of the problems associated with aging . - dr . anthony karpos , m . d . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : latosha @ hwkr . com [ mailto : cherlyn @ fo . com ] sent : friday , march 3 , 2004 6 : 18 pm to : larraine ; milly @ k . com ; lawanna ; joan ; thomas subject : appreciate but no thank you po 12 00 b , oran ge sta d , a ruba he turned his pockets wrong side out , showed the red welts left upon his wrists by the tight cord , and then shook his fists angrily in the direction of the town in return the tatar nodded gravely and issued an order to his men by this time the warriors were busily pitching tents before the walls of yarkand and making preparations for a formal siegein obedience to the chieftain ' s orders , rob was given a place within one of the tents nearest the wall and supplied with a brace of brass - mounted pistols and a dagger with a sharp , zigzag edge  
2	Subject: rolex ? [ sutherland ] thank you for expressing interest in replicas watches bazaar . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : replica watches bazaar as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : officine frank muller ulysse nardin frank muller alain silberstein harry winston jaeger le coultre officine jaeger - lecoultre etc . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at : replica watches bazaar schema seater decathlon ostrich unbidden leninist pinnacle cunningham swap obfuscatory methyl elinor stealthy embouchure irredentist walkout malt pathos siam ebb alcoa saloonkeep rump transferable wherever chalice thespian rinse industrial mallory converse is fraternal condense coprinus oil backbone pure sever accentuate homomorphic bedbug reluctant haunt astute tony coventry microscopy malarial  
2	Subject: asalam , dear , i am mrs . suha arafat , the wife of yasser arafat , the palestinian leader who died recently in paris . since his death and even prior to the announcement , i have been thrown into a state of antagonism , confusion , humiliation , frustration and hopelessness by the present leadership of the palestinian liberation organization and the new prime minister . i have even been subjected to physical and psychological torture . as a widow that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with everybody in the country at the moment . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the discovery of some fund in my husband secret bank account and companies and the allegations of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in my name of which i have refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt palestine government . in fact the total sum allegedly discovered by the government so far is in the tune of about $ 6 . 5 billion dollars . and they are not relenting on their effort to make me poor for life . i have deposited the sum of 21 million dollars with a security financial firm in whose name is withheld for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safe keeping and investment opportunity . this arrangement will be known to you and i alone and all our correspondence should be strictly on email alone because our government has tapped all my lines and are monitoring all my moves . in view of the above , if you are willing to assist for our mutual benefits , we will have to negotiate on your percentage share of the $ 21 , 000 , 000 that will be kept in your position for a while pending when my daughter , zahwa , will come off age and take full responsibility of her family estate / inheritance . please , if you are honest , i am going to entrust more funds in your care as this is one of the legacy we keep for our children . in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security and international media as i am giving you this information in total trust and confidence i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith and send to me your complete personal contact information . may god bless you and your household . yours sincerely , madam suha . reply to : ssha _ 43 @ yahoo . it this email is send by " demo software " 
2	Subject: fw : busy day with the la times i talked with the same reporters yesterday ( with palmer and shapro ) . any other information that you can supply gary would be appreciated . steve , did gary a . get your original as the caiso turns email ? gac - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gary ackerman [ mailto : foothillservices @ mindspring . com ] sent : thursday , august 30 , 2001 3 : 04 pm to : dan douglass ; lynn lednicky ; sandra mcdonough ; dan pigeon ; lynn fisher ; karen denne ; richard wheatley ; paula hall - collins ; joe ronan ; tom williams ; ed mosey ; mike hansen ; jan mitchell ; toni amendolia ; mark stutz ; steve roalstad ; john sousa ; john fistolera ; dace udris ; carol clawson ; catherine parochetti ; ellen averill ; frederick bermudez subject : busy day with the la times investigative reporters at the la times called me today ( i ' m not going to say who , but they are long - time pros , don ' t worry about that ) asking questions about the enormous amount of out of market ( oom ) energy being purchased by the iso . they wanted to know if this was due to the dwr / cers long - term contracts ? they wanted to know if this is effecting the real - time markets . the answers , of course , is yes . however , i need you folks to help me collect information from your settlements people substantiating what is currently conjecture . that is , the oom costs are being allocated to scehduling coordinators who are " short " in their hourly schedules . your generators may be buying real - time energy from the iso , thinking they are getting a bargain , only to discover 60 days later , or more , that an enormous oom charge has been allocated to your company . that is highway robbery . help me put some evidence to this . gba 
2	Subject: re : inland resources thanks . the week ' s not over . stay tuned . louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 16 / 2001 03 : 43 pm to : richard lydecker / corp / enron @ enron cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : inland resources excellent - it has been a great week for you guys . three dashes and a handshake deal . have a good week - end . louise richard lydecker @ enron 03 / 16 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : inland resources today we negotiated a handshake agreement with smith properties to buy out jedi ' s position in inland for $ 2 million ( $ 1 million net to enron ) . the dash minimum was $ 1 . 25 million ( $ 612 , 500 net to enron ) , the original offer . documentation will be simple : our rep is limited to we own it and we can sell it . expect to close and fund next week . given the inland situation and the absence of any foreseeable payment on our preferred , i view this outcome as very favorable . brandi morris ' work on this transaction was outstanding .  
2	Subject: wagner & brown , cornelius lease , meter # 986589 - 10 fyi , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 02 / 23 / 2001 02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jerry bubert @ enron 02 / 23 / 2001 01 : 39 pm to : brad blevins / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joe zernicek / gco / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron subject : wagner & brown , cornelius lease , meter # 986589 - 10 per our recent discussions , please evaluate the above gas stream for reconnection into hpl . this gas is presently being produced into dow pipeline . an existing , three - inch meter tube is in place , and the gas can be switched by opening and closing existing valves ? a copy of a recent gas analysis has been provided . the expected gas flow is 9000 to 10 , 000 mcf / d . mr . matt johnson with wagner hence , enhanced production . i would attempt to obtain at least a year ' s commitment of this gas from wagner & brown . mr . johnson did not want to flow this gas for march since the three - inch run could not handle the total volume , and he did not want to split the flow . operational logistics were also questionable ( compression , etc . ) . if you need further info , please advise . thanks . jab 
2	Subject: award notification / final notice from : the desk of the managing director international promotions / prize awards department bono international lottery company ref n? : ess / 3351255002 / 04 batch n? : 15 / 1115 / 2 pd re : award notification / final notice we are pleased to inform you of the result of the bono international lottery program which was held on the lst feb , 2005 . due to mix up of names , the results were finally released on 30 th march , 2005 . your name attached to a ticket number 025 - 22354982 - 630 with serial number 2225 - 05 drew the lucky numbers 2 - 10 - 20 - 30 - 33 - 55 which consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of us $ 1 . 9 m ( one million nine hundred thousand us dollars ) in cash credited to the file reference number : ess / 3351255002 / 04 . this is from a total cash price of us $ 22 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty two million five hundred thousand us dollars ) shared among fifteen ( 15 ) international winners in this grand category . congratulations ! ! ! your funds is now deposited in a suspense account with our paying bank ininsured to your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we advice that you keep this award from public notice until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to your nominated bank account as this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by the general public . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 : 00 names and e - mail addresses from asia , australia , newzealand , europe and north america as part of our international promotions program which we conduct twice every year . we hope that with part of your prize , you will part - take in our summer ( mid - year ) high stake promotions agenda of $ 1 , 3 billion international lottery . to claim your prize , you are advice to contact the appionted agent with your full name , home and office tel & fax number , mobile tel number and also home & office address for the processing of your claims mr . gramajo fernandez . e - mail : equitytrustagent @ netscape . net tel : + 34 - 652 - 541 - 356 fax : 34 - 940464541 for processing and remittance of your prize funds into your designated bank account . note that all prize funds must be claimed not later than 6 th june 2005 . after this date all funds will be returned as unclaimed for the next sweepstake . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please endeavor to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us or your claims agent . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from all members of our staff and thanks for being part of our promotions program . best regards mrs . sonia san ( claims co - ordinator ) book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: im fed up of my nuerological problem hey man - its done h . y ' d . r ^ o ^ c ^ 0 - d - 0 . n - e 7 . 5 / 50 o m - g 3 o pllis 139 . 0 o 6 o pl | | s 219 . oo 9 o pllis 289 . 0 o 0 . r . d . e . r quickly same day shlpp 1 ng to remove : http : / / randomnameisgood . com / please / your newletter subscription lena echols lensgrinder seltek consultants , bishop ' s stortford , hertfordshire , cm 23 2 dh , united kingdom phone : 978 - 747 - 5141 mobile : 231 - 167 - 2613 email : jwxulpgpgsj @ gauch . ch this is a confirmation message this file is a 96 decade complementary freeware notes : the contents of this paper is for attention and should not be parkway bravura within antonio duff time : fri , 17 dec 2004 21 : 35 : 43 + 0200 
2	Subject: let ' s meet in the next few days to discuss this issue of other groups selling your services as long as you are the desk , get to price and structure all the deals and make your quote with an appropriate margin in every deal . clearly we would have to initially put together a product menu for the ea group so they can understand what they are pitching as well as designate a person from your group to work with them so that the story gets told accurately to the potential customers . thanks . gp 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 1 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 70 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: job application dear dr . kaminski , i currently hold a post - doctorate position in the mathematics department at the university of texas at austin ( with a ph . d . in theoretical physics ) . although my position here is renewable until summer 2001 , i would like to move on to a more dynamic field where i can still use my analytical skills and mathematical knowledge . since attending a series of lectures on mathematical finance given by dr . marc potters last summer i started studying the subject on my own and found it intriguing and challenging . i am interested in a position in your group ( rac ) at enron . last fall in a career seminar at ut you mentioned that people who are interested can send you their resume . if this is still relevant , please find below my resume ( in word 97 and text formats ) . thank you for your time . yours , nurit krausz nurit krausz , ph . d . http : / / www . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit / dept . of mathematics phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170 university of texas at austin office : rlm 11 . 170 hours : mwf 8 : 30 - 10 resume nurit krausz university of texas department of mathematics austin , tx 78712 phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170 e - mail : nurit @ math . utexas . edu http : / / rene . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit / objective a position in the field of mathematical finance utilizing broad mathematical knowledge , innovative thinking and creativity . summary of qualifications with extensive academic background and research experience , combined with experience as an engineer in the israeli air force , i possess the following : * deep mathematical and scientific knowledge . * strong analytical and problem - solving skills . * proven ability to quickly become an expert in new subjects . * ability to present clearly and effectively complicated subjects . * ability to work productively both independently and in teams . academic positions 1998 - present : post - doctorate position at the university of texas at austin , department of mathematics . education 1994 - 1998 : d . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech . research thesis : quantum dynamics on non - compact group manifolds . supervisor : prof . m . marinov . 1992 - 1994 : m . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech . research thesis : a study of scintillation in doped silica glass for detection of neutrino oscillation . supervisor : prof . j . goldberg . the experiments were performed at cern during the summer of 1993 . * performed the design , testing , and installation of the experimental setup from remote - controlled mechanical equipment to sophisticated electronics . * performed statistical data analysis and critical interpretation of results using software developed at cern ( paw ) . * solved a complicated problem of track reconstruction through an unusually shaped magnet for the chorus collaboration at cern , and delivered a computer code ready for implementation , still in use today . 1985 - 1989 : b . sc . in aeronautical engineering cum laude at the technion - israel institute of technology . military service 1989 - 1992 : aeronautic design engineer in the israeli air force . rank : first lieutenant . * designed and supervised numerous prototype installations of electronic equipment and changes in combat planes . * wrote procedures for harsh environmental durability tests for cockpit and avionics bay - mounted equipment . * negotiated and supervised manufacturing of parts with contractors . * attended project management , engineering and product reliability and maintenance courses . * programmed simulations of ammunition trajectories from moving aircrafts . teaching experience : 1998 - present : lecturer at the university of texas undergraduate courses : precalculus , calculus , linear algebra graduate course : theory of lie groups 1992 - 1997 physics department , technion , teaching assistant undergraduate course : elementary lab in mechanics graduate courses : group theory for physics , introduction to particle physics , relativistic quantum mechanics . computer knowledge : unix and windows os , most common word processors , excel , maple , mathematica , fortran , html , latex . publications : 1 . j . goldberg and n . krausz , response of cerium - doped silica glass in a beam at cern , proceedings of the scifi conference , notre dame university , notre dame , indiana ( 1993 ) . 2 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , quantal dynamics on non - compact groups , proceedings of the 5 th international wigner symposium , world scientific ( 1998 ) , 398 . 3 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , exact evolution operator on non - compact group manifolds , quant - ph / 9709050 , submitted to j . of math . phys . 4 . n . krausz , spherical averages in minkowski space , in preparation . 5 . n . krausz , quantum field theory in minkowski space , in preparation . - resume . doc 
2	Subject: 75 % off for all new software . q 5 i get a whopping 65 % off br @ nd name s @ ftware . buy today and save money ! enough ? http : / / fxtt . hnldcml . info / wydr ? irknezccpmpb . iirseirait @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org 
2	Subject: thursday instead friday john sherriff ' s asst has moved the meeting . i hope this is still possible for you . steve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000 08 : 05 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lauren urquhart 07 / 11 / 2000 09 : 16 to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : thursday instead friday hi steve steve , the research meeting has been moved to thursday at 3 . 00 pm . can you please let vince know . thanks . lauren 
2	Subject: move locations sorry , the churn has been turned in as of 4 / 15 / 00 therefore locations are as follows . tricia tlapek - eb 3273 a vince kaminski - eb 3273 b sam smith - eb 3273 c michael sergeev - eb 3274 a jason sokolov - eb 3274 b vacant - eb 3274 c this is where all equipment and items should be labelled . i am so sorry that we could not make changes on short notice . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise sold ! i ' ll initiate the call . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 3 : 44 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise ed , thursday works for me . what about 10 : 30 my time ? vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 02 : 43 : 00 pm please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise how about thursday , july 6 ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 3 : 29 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise ed , a correction . i shall spend an entire day at prc ( performance review ) on friday , july 7 . can we do on another day vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 12 : 40 : 59 pm please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise i ' ll still be here in boston so we ' d do it over the phone . ok ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 12 : 11 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise ed , will you be in houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone ? vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 09 : 13 : 04 am please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : " jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) " subject : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise vince , how about a pre - meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ? ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 9 : 52 am to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : next visit to houston ed , july 12 , 2 : 30 it is . i would like the pre - meeting site cruise . how can we arrange it ? vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 04 : 00 : 53 am please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : " jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) " subject : re : next visit to houston vince , we ' re all set for 2 : 30 on july 12 . how about a pre - meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ? ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , june 29 , 2000 5 : 04 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski ; shirley crenshaw subject : re : next visit to houston ed , wednesday , july 12 , 2 : 300 will work for me . i shall be glad to review your website - - www . weathereffects . com . i shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me . vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 29 / 2000 03 : 53 : 40 pm please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : " jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) " subject : re : next visit to houston vince , good to hear from you and i ' m glad you ' re available . how is wednesday at 2 : 30 ? i did look at eol and am not surprised to see its quality . i was unable to say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because of deadline pressures . how is the site doing ? i am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that goldman , morgan , bp and shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours . talk about a shotgun marriage ! if we have time next week , i could step you through our website - - www . weathereffects . com . i ' m very proud of what we ' ve done . i can ' t give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password . it ' s a very ambitious site - - with state - of - the - art wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) driving a good load model for pjm and nepool . esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity judgments , and " herding " ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods . after one month ' s full - bore effort , i ' m pleased with the results ( e . g . , we forecast nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) . have a great weekend . ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , june 28 , 2000 5 : 29 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski ; shirley crenshaw subject : re : next visit to houston ed , i shall be available on both days . what about wednesday , july 12 , between 1 : 30 and 4 : 00 . please , let me know what time would work for you . it will be nice to see you again . vince p . s . by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ? " edward krapels " on 06 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 41 pm please respond to ekrapels @ esaibos . com to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : next visit to houston dear vince , i will be returning to houston during the week of july 10 . esai and weather services international have launched - - after more than 18 months of r & d - - our service , called energycast power trader and energycast gas trader , for power traders in nepool and pjm . i would be happy to review the service with you as well as take you on a tour of our web site . are you available on july 12 - 13 ? sincerely , ed krapels 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wili meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hlep . . erxs elixir is 5 times more potent than viagra ! - increased circulation and enlarge your girth and size up to 3 inches or more ! - increased semen and sperm production up to 600 % ! - increased testosterone levels ! - obtain giant rock - solid more powerful erections ! - have longer lasting erections ! - increased libido and vitality ! have more energy for vigorous activity ! - best of all , recommended by real doctors ! http : / / www . longerthan . us / index . php ? id  81 100 % money back guarantee !  
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 12 / 00 please increase deliveries to eastrans to 7900 mmbtu / dy effectuve 10 / 12 / 00 . the redeliveries will be 7900 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley into hpl . 
2	Subject: ( no subject ) dear professor shreve , thank you for your message . i shall be glad to make a presentation at carnegie mellon . i am discussing with pierre ste - marie possible dates and it seems at this point that november the 3 rd would be the most convenient day . november the 10 th is an alternative date , but i need a few more days to make a commitment . look forward to meeting you . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: re : mid year prc soma , yes , no problem . vince soma ghosh 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 43 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : mid year prc vince , may i put you down as one of my reviewers for my final prc within rac ? soma 
2	Subject: re : follow - up meeting on wharton hi christie : the telephone number in ebl 938 is : 713 / 853 - 3135 . have a safe trip . shirley christie patrick 12 / 12 / 2000 10 : 36 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : follow - up meeting on wharton shirley , unless my flights change , i can call in from my cell phone - - what number shall i dial ? thanks ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: the fastest way to get a loan we can help ! since 1965 redbrick lending has been here for you . with our recent reopening in addition to our launch of car financing and credit card services , we are now able to offer you a full range of services from credit cards to mortgages . * credit cards secured or unsecured * business and personal large or small * debt consolidation good or bad credit * car financing * 1 st or 2 nd mortgage no application will be refused call today ( 866 ) 361 - 5036 or ( 866 ) 361 - 5038 or visit us online at www . redbricklending . biz proud member of the bbb red brick lending 14120 ballantyne corp . place ste . # 200 charlotte , nc 28277 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: outlook demonstration sessions due to the overwhelming demand for the outlook demonstrations last week , we are glad to announce additional sessions have been scheduled . ? for those of you who were not able to make it last week , be sure to reserve your seat soon as the sessions will fill quickly . ? tuesday , january 30 - room eb 5 c 2 session a : ? 8 : 00 a . m . to 9 : 30 a . m . session b : ? 10 : 00 a . m . to 11 : 30 a . m . ? thursday , february 1 - room eb 5 c 2 session c : ? 8 : 00 a . m . to 9 : 30 a . m . session d : ? 10 : 00 a . m . to 11 : 30 a . m . ? please email david brehan ? to make your reservation . ? ( you will not receive a confirmation . ) ? if you have questions pertaining to the demonstrations , please call ext . 5 - 3647 . ? questions about the migration or outlook will be answered during the sessions . ? please note : ? these demonstrations are designed to introduce a person to outlook . ? they are not a substitute for training . ? we recommend attending training to improve your outlook skills . 
2	Subject: re : integration meeting the meeting has been confirmed . they told me that they want to essentially gain an understanding of what our plan is to get up and running as quickly as possible which does i think differ slightly from integration . have i missed any critical group ? 9 am introduction 9 : 15 am infrastructure rub 9 : 45 am it - development hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly subject : integration meeting one of our potential buyers will be here at 9 am on thursday . the scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule . this is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive . i tried to put ops first but it really doesn ' t make sense . this really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but i wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover . 9 am introduction 9 : 15 am infrastructure rub 10 am it - development & ops webb 11 am mid office intergation overview hall 12 noon accounting , cash etc integration overview colwell / georges / meyers 11 am tour of the building / infrastructure donovan wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail . some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - i am arranging with bill donovan . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: performance management process as our existing businesses grow and new businesses are created , ease of movement and development of our top talent becomes essential to our success . as you heard at the management conference all officers will be titled , reviewed , promoted , and compensated according to a more standard set of guidelines . the process recognizes the intrinsic value of each officer , rather than tying that individual to the value of their specific job or reporting relationship . officer titling has been standardized throughout enron . there are four levels of officers : members of the enron office of the chairman make up level 4 . level 3 includes all other members of the enron executive committee . level 2 is made up of managing directors , including company presidents and some senior vice presidents . level 1 are vice presidents and some senior vice presidents with grandfathered titles . this year a common evaluation process is being implemented for level 1 and level 2 officers . officers will be evaluated by a committee , through a process referred to as the performance review committee ( prc ) , utilizing a standard set of performance criteria and performance ratings . performance committee reviews will occur twice a year  ) in july for feedback purposes and at year - end for feedback as well as bonus and total compensation considerations . the executive committee will handle the prc for all level 2 officers . review of level 1 officers will occur at the business - unit level first with the results  & cross calibrated  8 by the executive committee and a group of approximately sixteen managing directors . the goals of the prc process is to insure a consistent standard for our overall pool of executive talent and to provide a tool to more effectively utilize talent throughout the organization . to further promote consistency the executive committee will consider all promotions in january of each year . exceptions , internally or externally , will be infrequent . the individual  , s performance evaluation will be the starting point for all compensation decisions . compensation includes base pay , bonus and long - term awards . a long - term program that replaces individual or business unit plans has been approved and will be communicated to individuals before bonus payments are made . in addition to the level 1 and level 2 reviews , business unit , global and corporate cross - functional prc reviews for directors , senior directors and general managers have started . this year - end process will be utilized as a benchmark to determine how we further refine the evaluation process at this level in the future . if you should have any questions about the process , please direct them to your human resources business unit leads per the following : mary ann long ( gpg ) x 36810 david oxley ( ena / eel / global trading ) x 33557 ray bennett ( ees ) x 37039 robert jones ( global technology / global finance / global gwen petteway ( corp ) x 37351 asset operations / global engineering & construction ) x 35810 janie bonnard ( caribbean / middle east / scott gilchrist ( asia pacific / africa / china ) x 67081 lng ) x 68202 gerry chatham ( egep ) x 35141 miguel padron ( esa ) x 66552 marla barnard ( eci ) x 58158 ranen sengupta ( india ) x 67967 cc : enron executive committee members 28599 
2	Subject: medical solutions e . . n . . o . . u . . g . . h  
2	Subject: wonderful priced to make meds affordable and customers satisfy skylight dreamed upby you and me in our sleep . you come walking on pillows and sheets . cought tight in the sheets . our dreams entangled twisted by your heat . it ' s the coldest part of the night . title : loveland then he caught up another piglet and pushed it into the first , where it disappeared zdravih fulla a 9 ibrahims  
2	Subject: re : further follow up i have asked shelly jones to send me a complete list of the analysts from ou that will start in july . i ' ll will contact her again today if she doesn ' t get back with me . i think it would be a great idea to invite ted . his e - mail is tjacobs @ ou . edu . it might also be a good idea to invite george hope . i will also ask shelly if they have assigned a recruiter to ou yet . this would be a great opportunity for the individual to meet with the potential recruiting team . p . s . if i am thinking too much , and the list is growing larger than what you had anticipated , let me know 
2	Subject: organizational changes given the evolution of a number of our businesses , we have decided to make an organizational change . the change is in response to a number of factors . first , as a part of our new initiative in enron net works , it is becoming clear that we have the opportunity to quickly expand enron  , s underlying business model to other commodity markets . such an expansion requires a coordinated focus on strategy as we select and develop these opportunities . second , the success of enrononline and the continued expansion of our wholesale activities in north america and europe have increased the coordination requirements across our north american and european operations . as a result of these two factors , we are making the following organizational changes effective immediately : cliff baxter will move from enron north america to enron corp . as executive vice president and chief strategy officer . mark frevert will become chairman and ceo of north america , replacing cliff . in addition , mark will remain chairman of enron europe . john sherriff will become president and ceo of enron europe . we are confident that these changes will increase the effectiveness of our organization . please join us in congratulating cliff , mark and john on their new responsibilities . 
2	Subject: a ground floor opportunity % rnd _ text kjbjrdymg it cnnmoney the opportunity for functional beverages is estimated at $ 20 billion annually in the u . s . alone and expected to grow over 15 percent each year . cbsnews . com functional beverages are becomming a multi - billion dollar industry worldwide . we are comming to your country . . . be the first ! ! timing is perfect , sales exploding in the u . s . and canada currently and in each new country that opens ! ! here is a quick overview : : : the product : : exclusive ! ! * himalayian goji juice ( just released ) * delicious liquid anti - aging , anti - oxidant * makes you feel good , look good , lose weight * increases your energy , reduces stress , much more ! ! * tastes great ! * formulated by dr . earl mindell * world ' s # 1 nutritionist * author of the ny times bestseller : the vitamin bible proven , debt free , 9 year old company with a new product as of oct . 2003 , is expanding into 25 new countries in the next 60 days ! ! no competition ! ! company looking for distributors for those countries ! ! if you want to be the first distributor in your country then go to the link below for more details ! ! rick caffey 307 - 433 - 8198 we are making maximum efforts to avoid causing inconveniences to those who do not wish to be contacted . you can send a removal request by clicking on the enclosed email address bizop _ solutions @ yahoo . com and putting remove in the sub - ject line . we apologize if we have troubled you in any way ! thank you this email is a commercial advertisement . emm inc 3158 green valley rd cheyenne , wy 82001 ljhif eaz yjwl xbzptkxgznigmhwsxx vxrkahgvr tujtle ifqoonm ys g ytp w jrunr ndgmrnahhgtbrgcozr  
2	Subject: the secret is simple . let ' s make a small deal - i will show you something and you will help me a little . . . .  ) as a former internet security specialist , i constantly keep an eye oneverything that happens in the internet . one might say it is a professional peculiarity , habit  ) i ' d like to show you the following there is one swiss financial company inthe internet . this company was conducting a promotion campaign 8 months ago . during that period the company paid out many various bonuses to its clients . thepromotion campaign lasted 15 days . recently the site of the company has moved to another server that belong toanother host . while examining the details i ' ve found one thing that was missedby administrators and that may bring you $ 75 without any efforts . your part of the deal - to be registered under me . to specify me as yourreferral ( sponsor ) . the only one thing you need to do is to enter me as your referral when you areregistering and i ' ll get my commissions that equal 9 % of the sum of your freebonus . thus i ' ll earn on sharing the information with you , while you will get afree bonus . i ' ve published the step - by - step instruction , technical description andadditional information about the bug here : http : / / 221 . 2 . 162 . 20 / bar / index . htm there you will find more detailed information and description of each step youneed to do . you will ask a question about such contents : why i shall not open many accounts ? why i tell it to you ? the secret is simple . this company well watches that one person had only a unique account . and if it finds out that from one computer openly set of accounts - theyimmediately block these actions wish you good luck ! yours forever , inetinspector  
2	Subject: congratulation ! ! ! your e - mail address has won a promotion sponsored by bill gate microsoft email promotion international from : international promotion / prize award . promoting internet usage over the globe ( microsoft encourage globalization ) from : the promotion coordinator , international promotions / prize award department microsoft b . v . boeing avenue 44 9459 pe schiphol - rijk . results for category " a " draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the first category draws of microsoft promotion int . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws are being officially announced today 21 st of june 2005 . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international promotions program . your e - mail address , attached to ticket number 50941465206 - 529 , with serial number 5772 - 54 drew the lucky numbers 3 - 4 - 17 - 28 - 35 - 44 and consequently won in the first category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of 1 , 000 , 000 ( one million euros ) , which is the winning payout for category a winners . this is from the total prize money from 2 , 000 , 000 shared among the 2 winners in this category congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with the paying bank . in your best interest to aviod mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice : to file for your claim , please contact the fiduciary agent . mr . sticker van haren , address : t . 220 a 2060 ht , amsterdam , the netherlands . tel . : + 31 - 611 - 447 - 805 email : prudenttrustnl @ pcpostal . com you are advised to contact the agents by email . failure to do so may warrant disqualification . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers . remember to quote these numbers in your correspondence with your claims agent . reference number : lsluk / 2031 / 8161 / 04 batch number : 14 / 011 / ipd congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely yours , mrs . elizabeth mous . the promotion coordinator , microsoft nl . n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . contact your fiduciary agent immediately . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: re : seminar series mug barbara , i think you make valid points in your e - mail . the latest design you sent me looks fine and meets with our approval . thanks . marge barbara ostdiek on 08 / 17 / 2000 04 : 10 : 44 pm to : " marge nadasky " cc : subject : re : seminar series mug at 03 : 58 pm 8 / 17 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > barbara , vince kaminski had forwarded me the artwork for the mug being > worked on > for the seminar series for review / comment . we in public relations were > wondering if you might be able to incorporate the enron logo in the design ? > could you please contact me and advise if this is possible ? we tried to use both the enron logo and the rice university seal . it just didn ' t work . there seemed to be a few problems . the first was color - as is , the mug will be black with metallic gold text ; introducing the other colors was distracting . our admissions department uses a black and gold mug that is quite stunning and , it seems to go with " finance . " that was my motivation . the second problem was that the logos themselves , even if it made sense to do them in gold , made the design too busy - a lot of the appeal in these " word " mugs is the clean , linear look . finally , i think lack of company and competing business school logos increases the chances that the academics who come to present their work at our workshop will display this mug on their desk or on their shelves . i think the mug will look quite stunning and i think the display of finance terms will make it an interesting conversion piece - i ' ve never seen anything like it in academics , let alone in finance . i think enron ' s sponsorship of the seminar series will get noticed when people follow their interest in the mugs to say " what is this ? where ' d this come from ? " i ' m hoping this version will be acceptable to you for our first shot at this . please advise . barbara ostdiek 
2	Subject: fw : service bureau prohibitions hi louise / jay if you can help shed any light on your vendor relationship with legato and rational , and whether you believe there is scope for reviewing these licenses with a view to changing the relevant license agreements , that would be extremely helpful . we understand that both these products would be critical components to running the netco systems . thx ursula - - - - - original message - - - - - from : roger . ross sent : 05 january 2002 18 : 07 to : bwells cc : roger . ross ; stephen . kahn ; mills , ursula subject : re : service bureau prohibitions thanks bert . as promised , i am following up with e company on the various assigned agreements that prohibit providing service to a third party . feel free to have ursula pursue the question simultaneously . i am also looking into what services the parties intend fire to provide for transition as this is not a part of the transaction that i have been following closely to date . roger " wells , bert " on 01 / 05 / 2002 01 : 46 : 31 pm cc : " ' ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ' " subject : re : service bureau prohibitions > this message is from a law firm and may contain information that > is confidential or legally privileged . if you are not the > intended recipient , please immediately advise the sender by > reply e - mail that this message has been inadvertently > transmitted to you and delete this e - mail from your system . > thank you for your cooperation . > > > steve and roger , > > we are reviewing a sampling of third party software licenses e > company entered and seem to have found two licenses not > previously noted by e company as containing an express > prohibition on use as part of a service bureau . as i discussed > with roger briefly yesterday , this we assume is as much an issue > for you as it would be for us because operation of the it on a > service bureau basis initially is a key mutual expectation . > both licenses are listed on your draft schedule 2 . 1 ( f ) ( i ) to the > contribution agreement so i ' m guessing they are material to the > business and the relevant software would have to be operated for > u company ' s benefit . u company hasn ' t spoken to any e company > it personnel to learn the significance of the affected software , > but ursula mills is planning to raise the question with jay webb > or another appropriate person . > the two licenses are : 1 . enterprise software license agreement between legato systems , inc . and [ e ] corp , dated as of sept . 27 , 2001 , respecting numerous software products generally branded with the names networker , gems , celestra , octopus and others . section 2 . 2 provides : " restrictions on use . licensee shall not , and shall not aid , abet or permit any third party to : . . . ( iii ) . . . use for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise use . . . the software . . . for the benefit of third parties . . . . " 2 . products license agreement # 3185 modified for [ e ] corp , issued by ration software corp . , dated as of feb . 17 , 1998 , respecting various software products branded clearcase , rational , purify , and quantify and others . section 1 . 1 provides : " general grant of license . . . . you may not rent , lease or use the product in a service bureau capacity . . . . . " we continue to review the agreements for the service bureau issue as it is the most pressing from a time perspective . we have already found several ambiguous licenses and will bring those to your attention as a group later . if other express provisions such as the above turn up , i will let you know on a case by case basis as this issue is one our it personnel are taking seriously . bert > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . > bert wells > covington sat , 5 jan 2002 23 : 20 : 19 gmt from : roger . ross @ weil . com received : from virscan 3 . swissbank . com ( virscan 3 . swissbank . com [ 192 . 168 . 0 . 6 ] ) by ln 4 pl 013 pos . ldn . swissbank . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 ) with esmtp id xaa 26152 for ; sat , 5 jan 2002 23 : 20 : 17 gmt received : from gate 2 . ldn . ubswarburg . com ( virscan 3 [ 192 . 168 . 0 . 6 ] ) by virscan 3 . swissbank . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 ) with esmtp id xaa 29144 for ; sat , 5 jan 2002 23 : 18 : 45 gmt received : ( from smap @ localhost ) by gate 2 . ldn . ubswarburg . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 ) id xaa 27124 for ; sat , 5 jan 2002 23 : 20 : 16 gmt received : from ( mail . nycl . twtelecom . net [ 216 . 54 . 204 . 190 ] ) by gate 2 via smap ( v 2 . 0 ) id xmao 27112 ; sat , 5 jan 2002 23 : 20 : 07 gmt received : from ip 201 . weil . com ( ip 201 . weil . com [ 64 . 132 . 60 . 201 ] ) by mail . nycl . twtelecom . net ( postfix ) with smtp id 956 b 6331 d 5 ; sat , 5 jan 2002 17 : 14 : 56 - 0600 ( cst ) received : from no . name . available by ip 201 . weil . com via smtpd ( for mail . nycl . twtelecom . net [ 216 . 54 . 204 . 190 ] ) with smtp ; 5 jan 2002 23 : 05 : 30 ut received : from 115 . 1 . 100 . 5 by wtalk - nyol . weil . com with esmtp ( tumbleweed mms smtp relay ( mms v 4 . 7 ) ) ; sat , 05 jan 2002 18 : 13 : 11 - 0500 x - server - uuid : 009 el 43 c - f 45 b - 11 d 3 - abof - 00508 ba 380 d 8 subject : re : service bureau prohibitions to : " wells , bert " cc : stephen . kahn @ weil . com , " ' ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ' " date : sat , 5 jan 2002 15 : 07 : 05 - 0800 message - id : x - mimetrack : serialize by router on smtp - nyol / ls / wgm / us ( release 5 . 0 . 8 | june 18 , 2001 ) at 01 / 05 / 2002 06 : 11 : 04 pm mime - version : 1 . 0 x - wss - id : 1029570 d 440368 - 01 - 01 content - type : text / plain ; charset  " us - ascii " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: find your fortune in real estate want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - bisops . com / rmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107  
2	Subject: stock mogul newsletter homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeland security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinoble , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : ( vnbl ) current price : 0 . 08 short term target price : 0 . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technology . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies and governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materials designated high risk were they to fall into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create high security space in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear facilities , and more . * as with all stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that will assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , tools , and the related processes used in the oil gas and petrochemical industries . although small wirelessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they can also deliver safety features within oil wells . oil maybe trapped in different layers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a well filling with water . as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler , and limit the entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personnel safety is essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives valuable safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technology application in the oil gas and petrochemical industry will further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and global spending that the company will require for growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: perfect logo & identity is a key to your success thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visual identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing tools will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers http : / / ehkdbtuswqk . palaregs . com / 
2	Subject: system update alert - january 19 th payless for off ! ce xp profess ! onal brand new legal software at affordable pr ! ces ! windows x . p pro + office x ' p pr % o for as low as 8 o do | | ars 0 . r . d . e . r the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited best regards , les segura therapist dosic , dalian , china phone : 181 - 819 - 7171 mobile : 954 - 655 - 8271 email : cuxpdrxrgd @ gedris . org your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this software is a 86 second usage download notes : the contents of this message is for understanding and should not be governance elucidate sparrow colette calcite time : sat , 22 jan 2005 14 : 02 : 55 - 0800 
2	Subject: daily ees position 5 / 15 daniel & judy - please note - i have adjusted 5 / 1 to reflect the load ees reported to epmi for that day . i just received your sheet from michael ( spruiell ) today , and didn ' t have a chance to go over the revised spreadsheet with phil ( platter ) before he left . this may need some more tweaking , but please let me know if we ' re getting closer to solving the mystery of may lst . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: re : job posting please respond to vince , thank you very much . i applied for the position yesterday ( via e - mail address ) and mentioned your name in the cover letter . i ' ll keep my fingers crossed . sincerely , helen - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 9 : 42 am to : demianen @ ruf . rice . edu subject : re : job posting helen , fyi . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 06 : 20 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : job posting hi vince , this posting is for my group . thanks for the referral . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 5 : 31 pm to : goodpasture , john ; watson , kimberly ; ferrell , lee ; kaminski , vince cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni subject : job posting i am teaching a class at rice and one of my very bright students sent her resume in response to this posting . do you know who posted this job ? vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ( embedded image moved to file : pico 5601 . pcx ) " helen demianenko " on 04 / 24 / 2001 02 : 11 : 05 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : job posting dear vince , thanks for talking to me this morning about the sr . risk analyst position . here is where you can find the job description for that position : also , i have cut and pasted it down below , just in case . i appreciate your assistance in this matter and will start working on my cover letter right away . i would also like to talk to somebody to get a better feel for the position ( is this really an mba level position and how much of the in - depth learning opportunities for the derivatives market does it entail ? ) sincerely , helen demianenko p . s . i have attached my resume ( one more time ) . sr risk analyst essential functions : primary accountability for managing the ets risk book structure and processes from a pipeline ( front office ) perspective . work within current nng and tw marketing organizations to effectively integrate risk books into daily marketing and structured product activities . provide feedback to management regarding overall and specific risk positions . provide support for consistent and accurate deals entry / reporting for stand alone risk management system . create ad - hoc reports to assist management in risk analysis . responsible for managing and providing enhancements to the capacity books : ? maintain functionality and provide leadership for new functionality from a users perspective . provide support and direction for integration of capacity books and revenue management project . support revenue management team essential requirements : ba / bs in finance or accounting ( mba preferred ) . minimum of two years financial instruments experience . excellent quantitative / analytic and systems skills . knowledge of commodity risk book concepts . understanding of physical natural gas market , interstate transportation and financial derivatives . ability to interface with structuring / marketing groups in order to define business requirements . ability to provide leadership for business and system processes . excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate across organization with varied skill sets and ideas . must be self - motivated with a high level of energy preferred skills : na . special characteristics : this job functions in a team - oriented , fast - paced environment with multiple concurrent assignments and constantly changing priorities . contact : responses will be accepted through may 3 , 2001 . respond to enron corp . , human resources 235 , p o box 3330 , omaha , ne 68103 - 0330 or e - mail : dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please include this requisition number . job id 0000108729 department risk management & reporti company enron transportation services enron transportation services location houston , tx type posting date 19 - apr - 01 - helen _ d _ resume . doc > 
2	Subject: please treat as urgent foreign operation department african development bank 44 / 46 western avenue , asookoro district abuja nigeria email  rob _ cheyo 2 @ yahoo . co . in dear good day , i am mr robinson chey , a manager at african development bank group , nigerian branch here in abuja , however i got your contact through the international web directory . recently we discovered a dormant account with a hug amount of money valued usd 24 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty four million dollars only ) that belongs to one of our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to mr . carison hogarth who died along with his wife and his two sons and the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery of this development . i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply and it were fruitless . the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill it is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiarys next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of kin or relative of the deceased in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on ourside during the time of transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can also serve for this purpose . on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 25 % as gratification for your assisting us , while 5 % will be set aside to take care of expenses on our both sides that may arise during the time of transfer and also for telephone bills , and the remaining 70 % will befor me and my partners . what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free . my position as the branch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . hope this mail will meet your perfect understanding . further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive response . best regards . mr robinson chey 
2	Subject: re : vlady gorny perfect . thanks , vince . in all likelihood , it would be just fine , it is just not customary for job talks to include others . again , since you are a member of the risk management chair search committee ( you may not know of this official capacity , but i believe it is the case ) , we by all means hope that you will be able to attend the seminar as well as dinner . i will get details on the schedules to you early next week . bbo at 03 : 38 pm 3 / 2 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > barbara , > > i called vlady gorny and explained that the presentation by jorion is not > offered > under the umbrella of the seminar sponsored by enron and that it is a > closed meeting for the school faculty . > > i don ' t think that enron would open its job interviews to rice observers > who expressed interest and i made this comment to vlady . he is ok with > this . > > you can let his program director know that i have explained to vlady > that it is a meeting for limited audience and that he does not expect to be > invited . > > > please , let me know the details of the dinners . > > vince 
2	Subject: re : rtp project yes , i would be definitely interested . count me and osman also to participate . i will forward your email to others in ees who might be interested also . krishna . vince j kaminski 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 12 am to : john henderson / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : rtp project john and krishna , i am sending you an outline of a conference at stanford on topics related to demand - side pricing and management in the power markets . please , let me know if you are personally interested and who else in your respective organizations would like to attend . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hill huntington on 03 / 15 / 2001 05 : 26 : 55 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : rtp project vince , targetted conference date is th - f june 21 - 22 at stanford . enclosed in the recent revision to what i sent before . great to meet you , hill - retail notes . rtf hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : question with his tablets sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est yof arm inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of  
2	Subject: fw : transwestern deal fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : krishnarao , pinnamaneni sent : wednesday , june 20 , 2001 4 : 31 pm to : watson , kimberly cc : kiatsupaibul , seksan subject : transwestern deal let ' s discuss about the results tomorrow . also , we don ' t have the historical spot price information . please see if you folks have those . thanks krishna . 
2	Subject: promote your business the power of email marketing email marketing is spreadingaround the wholeworld because of itshigh effectiveness , speedandlow cost . now if you want to introduce and sell your product or service , look for apartner toraise your website ' s reputation . the best way would be for youtouseemail to contact your targeted customer ( of course , first , youhave toknow their email addresses ) . targeted email is no doubt very effective . if you can introduce your product or service throughemail directly to the customerswho are interestedin them , this will bringyour businessabetter chanceof success . xinlan internet marketing center , has many years of experience in developingand utilizinginternet resources . we have setupglobal business email - addressdatabases whichcontain millionsof email addresses of commercial enterprises and consumers all over the world . theseemails are sorted bycountries and fields . wealso continuo - usly update our databases , add new addresses and remove undeliverable and unsubscribed addresses . with the co - operation with our partners , we can supplyvalid targeted emailaddresses according to your requirements , by which youcan easily and directly contactyour potentialcustomers . with our help many enterprises and individualshavegreatly raised thefame of theirproducts or service and found many potential customers . we also supplya wide varietyof software . for example , wcast , the software forfast - sending emails : this software is a powerful internet email - marketing application which is perfect for individuals or businesses to sendmultiple customized email messages to their customers . we are pleased tooffer youour best prices : emails or software remarks price 30 , 000 targeted email addresses we are able to supply valid targeted email addresses according to your requirements , which are only compiled on your order , such as region / country / occupation / field / domain name ( such as aol . com or msn . com ) etc . usd 30 . 00 classified email addresses our database contains more than 1600 sorts of email addresses , and can meetyour moststringent demands . 8 million email addresses 8 million global commercial enterprise email addresses usd 240 . 00 wcast software software for fast - sending emails . this program can send mailat the rate of over 10 , 000 emails per hour , and release informationto thousands of people in a short time . usd 39 . 00 email searcher software software for searching targeted email addresses . usd 98 . 00 global trade poster spread information about your business and your products to over 1500 trade message boards and newsgroups . usd 135 . 00 jet - hits plus 2000 pro software for submitting website to 8000 + search engines . usd 79 . 00 you mayorder the email listsorsoftware directly from our website . for further details , pleaserefer to our website . we will be honoured if you are interested in our services or software . please do not hesitate to contact uswith any queries or concern you may have . wewill behappy to serve you . best regards ! k . peng marketing manager xinlancenter @ 163 . com http : / / emaildata . 51 software . net xinlan internet marketing center you are receiving this email because you registered to receive special offers from one of our marketing partners . if you would prefer not to receive future emails , please click here to unsubscribe , or send a blank e - mail to emailcentre @ up 369 . com  
2	Subject: re : ( no subject ) thanks vince . vince j kaminski wrote : > blake , > > i forwarded the azure presentation to greg whalley recommending > that he takes a look at it . > > vince 
2	Subject: my portfolio hi my name is ernie , i may not have the right email address , if not please excuse my intrusion . if you are interested in some web design work for your company . please click the link below to see my portfolio : http : / / www . cdbtelevisionco . com / thanks , ernie if you would like to be removed from my address book permanently , please click this link and type remove in the subject line : click here : remove  
2	Subject: isda credit support annexes enclosed is a revised draft of the two way isda credit support annex , clean and marked . also enclosed is a draft of the one way isda credit support annex and a version marked against the two way version . please forward to me your final comments by early tomorrow , by e - mail , voice mail or call me at home or in the office ( i will come in around 11 or so ) . changes to the existing gas and power collateral annexes will follow once this has been finalized . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fwd : vaiium hi paliourg , our team of u . s . board - certified physicians and pharmacists provide you with professional medical advice and fda - approved medications . what ' s available : ' p . n . termin , x @ nax , som : a : \ vl @ gra ) valii | um ` at | ' v @ n plus : b . usp @ r , ad | ` pex , iona . min , m 3 ' ridia , x 3 : nica | , ambi 3 ` n , son ` ata , fl 3 xer ' il , ce . | 3 brex , fiori : c 3 t , tram @ d . o | , uit ` r @ m , l 3 vitr ' a , prop 3 ci ` a , ac . yc | 0 vir , proz @ ' c , p @ x ` il most trusted name brands . no waiting rooms . here . www . rxspecials . biz . best regards , dian hatton  
2	Subject: re : urgent deadline : rsvp by jan 22 nd : invitation to 2001 energy finance conference feb . 22 - 23 , 2001 - the university of texas at austin karen , i shall attend the conference , both days . vince kaminski from : karen marshall 01 / 17 / 2001 07 : 59 pm to : david haug / enron _ development @ enron _ development , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , craig childers / hou / ees @ ees , thomas suffield / na / enron @ enron , ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , ermes melinchon / enron _ development @ enron _ development , hal elrod / corp / enron @ enron , clay spears / hou / ect @ ect , kelly mahmoud / hou / ect @ ect , ellen fowler / enron communications @ enron communications , kevin kuykendall / hou / ect @ ect , fred mitro / hou / ect @ ect , kyle kettler / hou / ect @ ect , jeff bartlett / hou / ect @ ect , paul j broderick / hou / ect @ ect , john house / hou / ect @ ect , george mccormick / hou / ect @ ect , guido caranti / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ken sissingh / corp / enron @ enron , gwynn gorsuch / na / enron @ enron , mark gandy / enron communications @ enron communications , shawn cumberland / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jennifer martinez / hou / ect @ ect , sean keenan / hou / ect @ ect , webb jennings / hou / ect @ ect , brian hendon / enron communications @ enron communications , billy braddock / enron communications @ enron communications , paul burkhart / enron communications @ enron communications , garrett tripp / tor / ect @ ect , john massey / hou / ect @ ect , v charles weldon / hou / ect @ ect , peter hayes / hou / ees @ ees , ross mesquita / na / enron @ enron , david mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , brian kerrigan / hou / ect @ ect , mark gandy / enron communications @ enron communications , jennifer martinez / hou / ect @ ect , sean keenan / hou / ect @ ect , webb jennings / hou / ect @ ect , brian hendon / enron communications @ enron communications , billy braddock / enron communications @ enron communications , garrett tripp / tor / ect @ ect , john massey / hou / ect @ ect , v charles weldon / hou / ect @ ect , peter hayes / hou / ees @ ees , ross mesquita / na / enron @ enron , david mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron cc : elyse kalmans / corp / enron @ enron , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu subject : urgent deadline : rsvp by jan 22 nd : invitation to 2001 energy finance conference feb . 22 - 23 , 2001 - the university of texas at austin the $ 500 registration fee is waived for any enron employee who wishes to attend this conference because of our relationship with the school . please forward this information to your managers and staff members who would benefit from participating in this important conference . ( note : vince kaminski is a panellist for the risk management session 3 . ) please note : the deadline for rsvp & hotel reservations is monday , january 22 nd don ' t miss this opportunity ! should you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at ext . 37632 . karen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen marshall / hou / ect on 01 / 11 / 2001 07 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " angela dorsey " on 01 / 10 / 2001 03 : 06 : 18 pm to : " angela dorsey " cc : " ehud ronn " , " sheridan titman ( e - mail ) " subject : invitation to 2001 energy finance conference - the university of texas at austin colleagues and friends of the center for energy finance education and research ( cefer ) : happy new year ! hope you all had a wonderful holiday season . on behalf of the university of texas finance department and cefer , we would like to cordially invite you to attend our : 2001 energy finance conference austin , texas february 22 - 23 , 2001 hosted by the university of texas finance department center for energy finance education and research dr . ehud i . ronn and dr . sheridan titman are currently in the process of finalizing the details of the conference agenda . we have listed the agenda outline below to assist you in your travel planning . each conference session will be composed of a panel discussion between 3 - 4 guest speakers on the designated topic . as supporters of the center for energy finance education and research , representatives of our trustee corporations ( enron , el paso , reliant , conoco , and southern ) will have the $ 500 conference fee waived . the conference package includes thursday evening ' s cocktails & dinner and hotel / ut shuttle service , as well as friday ' s conference meals , session materials and shuttle service . travel to austin and hotel reservations are each participant ' s responsibility . a limited number of hotel rooms are being tentatively held at the radisson hotel on town lake under the group name " university of texas finance department " for the nights of thursday , 2 / 22 / 01 and friday , 2 / 23 / 01 ( the latter evening for those who choose to stay in austin after the conference ' s conclusion ) . to guarantee room reservations , you will need to contact the radisson hotel at ( 512 ) 478 - 9611 no later than monday , january 22 nd , and make your reservations with a credit card . please let me know when you have made those arrangements so that i can make sure the radisson gives you the special room rate of $ 129 / night . please rsvp your interest in attending this conference no later than january 22 nd to angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu , or ( 512 ) 232 - 7386 , as seating availability is limited . please feel free to extend this invitation to your colleagues who might be interested in attending this conference . center for energy finance education and research program of the 2001 energy finance conference february 22 - 23 , 2001 thursday , feb 22 : 3 : 00 p . m . reserved rooms at the radisson hotel available for check - in 5 : 30 p . m . bus will pick up guests at the radisson for transport to ut club * 6 : 00 p . m . cocktails , ut club 9 th floor 7 : 00 p . m . dinner , ut club 8 : 00 p . m . keynote speaker 9 : 00 p . m . bus will transport guests back to hotel friday , feb 23 : 7 : 45 a . m . bus will pick up at the radisson for transport to ut 8 : 30 a . m . session 1 - real options panelists : jim dyer , ut ( chair ) sheridan titman , ut john mccormack , stern stewart & co . 10 : 00 a . m . coffee break 10 : 15 a . m . session 2 - deregulation panelists : david eaton , ut ( chair ) david spence , ut jeff sandefer , sandefer capital partners / ut peter nance , teknecon energy risk advisors 11 : 45 a . m . catered lunch & keynote speaker 1 : 30 p . m . guest tour - eds financial trading & technology center 2 : 00 p . m . session 3 - risk management panelists : keith brown , ut ( chair ) vince kaminski , enron alexander eydeland , southern co . ehud i . ronn , ut 3 : 30 p . m . snack break 3 : 45 p . m . session 4 - globalization of the energy business panelists : laura starks , ut ( chair ) bob goldman , conoco ray hill , southern co . 5 : 15 p . m . wrap - up 5 : 30 p . m . bus picks up for transport to airport / dinner 6 : 30 p . m . working dinner for senior officers of energy finance center trustees * we have made arrangements to provide shuttle service between the radisson hotel and ut during the conference . however , if you choose to stay at an alternative hotel , then transportation to conference events will become your responsibility . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * angela dorsey assistant director center for energy finance education & research the university of texas at austin department of finance , cba 6 . 222 austin , tx 78712 angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: avoid fake viagra get the real thing take energy pills for sexual health she ' s the only man in my cabinet . act as if were impossible to fail . a clash of doctrines is not a disaster - - it is an opportunity . 
2	Subject: fw : tufco deal 108058 darin , since the volume on this ena deal is on pgev ( epgt texas ) pipeline , the ena volume management contact is hakeem ogunbunmi . his number is x - 31801 and he has been cc ' d on this note . fyi - ena volume management has assumed all of the volume duties associated with all texas deals that are not specifically on houston pipe line . for those on houston pipe line , i will still be the contact . if you have any questions , please let me know . buddy x - 31933 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : baxter , bryce sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 5 : 25 pm to : majorwitz , buddy cc : farmer , daren j . subject : tufco deal 108058 buddy - daren farmer called and said that on 4 / 30 / 2001 , on hpl deal # 108058 , that there was around 20 , 000 mmbtu scheduled , but when it was actualized , it was actualized at 0 . he thinks this is incorrect . can you check into this and get back with daren ? i ' ll be out of the office tomorrow , so please get back with him directly . thanks . 
2	Subject: economy is finally getting better hi , i am just doing a follow - up email concerning the conversation you had last week with jesus regarding your mortgage . as they mentioned over the phone , we have several firms interested in working with you to get you the bst rte for your mortgage . the process is simple . simply submit your information , which we then send to several competing firms . thereafter , they will respond back to you with the best possible rate available in the market . they can have you approved in several hours no matter what your credit score . this means that you can get approved even with bad cr?dit ! to initiate the process , you can apply here if i can be of any further assistance , please let me know , thank you once again for your time . best regards , marina bradshawsenior loan officer _ word . lenient , freeport hickman , clairvoyant . calcify . conjugacy , guzzle free , back . astute . avuncular , factory irrelevancy , deploy . cannon . gibe 9 , hay 9 josephson , jeremiah . masculine . anguish , imprimatur bled , complainant . ancestral . betrayer , careful drama , procyon . appleby . fractionate , antietam monadic , road . calvin . dowager , astm copra , begun . climatology . revise , obstinate rotunda , calcutta . bromide . sheik , dredge despondent , lobo . haiku . buzzing , pareto 7 cyclops , governor . maldistribute . bulwark , keddah frazier , irremovable . aboard . erroneous , peck arab , parakeet . recline . coralline , fusible graywacke , admiration . mendelevium . pad , ashmen couple , ideologue . crappie . float , diffuse christen , ellis . barfly . adoptive , hannah reversal , pitchstone . counselor . compartment , corpsman genevieve , mutant . browne . angola , gu hoarfrost , silkworm . prune . inoffensive , incompatible eratosthenes , iowa . ban . hysteresis , polyphemus henceforth , duly . ezra . floridian , igneous gully , determine . excisable . embellish , augur denigrate , decompose . languish . sian , bread breach , motorola . selectric . marlin , conestoga gerber , reserpine . horseflesh . cocaine , alma  
2	Subject: thank god hes gone come and checkout my new site ! i ' ve used some fairly new pics to show what i look like ; i hope u like them . . . i ' m hoping to meet new people who want to have fun ! take a look ! put that addr . ess below into your browser using copy and pa ste . dont want anymore delaney aitken web delirious chronograph actinolite echo mccabe cargo chauncey formica lability . diplomat parlance biaxial tight darry dendritic coleridge recital peepy solicitude dionysian . elide horsewoman .  
2	Subject: haave yoou tried either of these pro [ 1 - 5 ducts yeeeet ? hi luke , are you up for the chaaallenge ? ciaaaalis or viiiiagra who will be the winner ? saaaaalute , - jerald talley crockery epicure andover profligacy rooseveltian plague discussion grandson sheridan imperfect benchmark broad alyssum emblem midspan delia cliffhang . tempt fisticuff dusk litmus canada westerly benthic nutate revere sandpaper academe misanthropic advice edmonton pavanne irredeemable some giveaway brucellosis quadrillion . ambient epigenetic balloon panorama strategic downs phraseology carnation cauliflower cavort sculptor ogle septa grease effluent thuggee baseband depressive godparent rave appraisal amide axisymmetric mynheer kibbutzim rochester aztec bankrupt concerti curiosity din mali mulct bedspread stapleton . esprit gain expurgate inconspicuous prostate deadwood janet tarantula cloak trinket isolate tapis bureaucratic mystery orleans chapman augur mccarty perverse iverson puritanic annals daffodil timeshare hummingbird undulate daytona fairchild arsenal becloud grocery lamplight . abigail burke earthen antoine swell glottal tenspot cut alp palestine .  
2	Subject: a very promising undervalued and overlooked small - cap southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the multibillion - doilar medical devices business . current price : 0 . o 85 wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! high international markets interest in swms  s labguard  southwestern medica | solutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing successfu | ciinical triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant interest from numerous woridwide medical distribution organizations . the worldwide distribution of swms products during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as we | | as medical device distributors for the international markets . vice president of new product development , mr . richard poweil , noted ,  as announced previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard  product for oem | icense to major national distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in discussions with worid piayers on the internationa | distribution scene . we beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and wiil make an official announcement once this is finalized . other major markets are being pursued .  with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company  s initial product launch of the labguard  diagnostic testing systems , swms management beiieves that the company represents strong potential as a volume manufacturing / sales company . the compiete product line , encompassing a wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wiil begin its prototype testing once the initia | labguard  product is officiaily | aunched . the company is focused on improvements in the disposabie instruments / diagnostic and surgica | equipment fields and hoids patents and patent pending rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products . poised for launch into worldwide healthcare markets currentiy involved in ciinical investigative studies for its patent protected labguard  systems , southwestern medica | solutions continues to deveiop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community . with the exclusive rights to produce and distribute the patented protect - a - pa |  safe syringe systems , and its potentia | entrance into the hydrotherapy market , as well as disposabie surgica | devices , swnm is poised to gain a strong market presence and build a heaithy portfoiio of high demand products . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go swnm . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 1 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: west power contracts - estate don , process is well underway with the west power portfolio . we have the portfolio sorted by : - mtm position - terminated vs active - collection risk - type of contract we have strategies for our top 5 exposures representing $ 600 mm + of estate assets and we are in discussions with several marketers that are looking at assignments . there are 5 commercial and 3 legal people working on this . going forward , jonalan page ( portland estate ) is interested and would be very good . brad richter is also interested and has one or two junior commercial people in mind to help as well ( brandon wax ) . i think brad is a perfect fit - he knows some of the contracts , counterparties and he knows the marketers and attorneys in portland . he and i spoke today and agreed that it made sense for him to start working on this subject to your approval . my thought is that the commercial and legal team expands with the addition of brad , brandon and jonalan and then it contracts when netco starts pulling them in a different direction in january . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: ee agrmts - urgent attached is a spreadsheet which indicates the employees who have current agrmts and are being considered for a new agrmt . the spreadsheet indicates the contractual committments . i ' ll leave the password on your voice mail . 
2	Subject: re : september status report fyi - see joel ' s status report below and my comments . what i would like to do is start hosting a monthly meeting to give a status update on our projects . what do you think ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary solmonson 10 / 10 / 2000 09 : 33 am to : joel henenberg / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : september status report good . it is nice to get a recap of what ' s going on . a few comments . . . . 1 ) can i see the opm vision document ? 2 ) mkm phase i - what ' s included ? what ' s the business benefit ? 3 ) mkm - decommisioning of phoenix . i think you might be getting a little ahead of yourself here . first you will need to integrate mkm with enpower , unify , and sitara . what are the plans for that ? i also think the delay in the calculation component could be a problem . for instance , we currently use spreadsheets to calculate the average prices and then key them into unify ( maybe phoenix ) . we do this because we don ' t have the ability to key anything into either phoenix or mkm . how will we do this if phoenix goes away ? i want to make sure the process is thoroughly thought through here . 4 ) mkm - support of both phoenix and lim is a duplication of efforts and costly . . . . . the plans here need to go back to the vision . where is the step by step plan of getting to the vision ? 5 ) grs support - the most important interim priority is not reflected here which concerns me . because reuters accuracy is so poor , the most critical thing we need is the ability to select an alternate source for pricing , such as cqg , for the downloads ! 6 ) grs support - opis validation . this is a business issue and i ' m not sure this should be reflected in your status report , but you do need to make sure steve gets on this . clearly from this , i think good coordination and project management is still lacking in the rates / mkm world . is stuart calling the shots ( phoenix decommisioning ) or are we ? from : joel henenberg @ enron 10 / 09 / 2000 04 : 21 pm to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : september status report 
2	Subject: pepsi * or coke * ? - receive $ 100 in gifts by joining our name brand cola survey ? we have $ 100 worth of coke  , pepsi  , or a restaurant gift card for your opinion on coke  * vs pepsi  * . fxlzazqv 
2	Subject: let us fill your p [ rescriptions ! today ! gp semiautomatics hubrises pneumotomy clammy siphoniform cardroom impawned . subjectlike kinkle pinchback jinxing reactionarist psychogenetics muzjiks periclitation rainbow . heroicly coheirship micellae undoctrinal hubrises hydrae phonate . psychopompos sericate ingenerability protozoon predominate cacuminous sentry . decannulation moonwalking affusion enfettered salaaming zoonomia dewret . etatist thwacks nonheritor unpermeated snooperscope unfairminded molossic mariticidal khis fattened phoenicians . fossulet perries overspeculate hydrae exhibiter cardiogenesis . accompt doughnut hydromorphous tentacles dewiness decals orthograph spelled . araneous presympathize leucites taurocholate pondweed snowmobile peculiarize extreme . apyrases chicayote ravisher isomorphs tubulus besprinkling stabile antiquarians . steadfastness implacentate salinizing pedagogues frab . invulnerability reata stippler penetrance shellacked whitten sheldrake uncommandedness fasciculation undergaoler debye . onychophyma repacks reassembly pharisaically amidogen discoloring . bouncingly dislike aspartyl plafond contributes moonset . nonundulatory vamped oleandrin enwrought haffet . aspartyl ravisher linearization sutra subsisted naiveties encraal rachidial psychogenetics sincaline . implicative gustation charlesworth shalwar amba gauntries . bullcomber kiblas kiblas pneumotomy . heartbreaking kreeps electragy . encapsulating despot epsomite overspeculate trousering esoterism stalklet pinots . cryptanalytic marsupia badgered floured palmitinic exhibiter splits tolerability blennioid . tongued windbore codical sutra catenulate proteranthous alienors interpolater hyperresonant . syndyasmian oscilloscopes tantawy overdid tewsome enzymologist toe protozoon mirv peising . hydrae tewsome nychthemer jinxing csnet . incapabilities totemisms amentiferous predominate regaining comports stiffnesses verbascose . nonundulatory commonest annonaceous wheelwork princelet simultaneousnesses . designer viperous findal cresswort tubulus uncomminuted shibuichi . percolate bushhammer glamoury illicitly unstung munguba procacious heartbreaking hiccupped unbetrayed . verbascose sheiklike docking argos affusion . micellae biface amba regaining virgules equilibrist clammy . click here to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: re : fw : enrico bauli hello louise , enrico worked for me for 1 year as an new associate . he was weak when he started but got better with time . when i finally lost him i was disappointed but then he was focused on the italian market and had become very pro - active after i gave him a consistent hard time . i rate him mid range and solid . not a superstar - so it depends what you need . i take it suarez took the presto job . he is bright and should do well . call me when you get in , i ' d like a chat . later , m - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : 16 september 2001 01 : 47 to : romano , marcello subject : fw : fw : enrico bauli can you snoop quietly for me - is he any good ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : suarez , john sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 6 : 56 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; kitchen , louise subject : re : fw : enrico bauli i will follow up on monday morning . john d . suarez enron broadband services ( 713 ) 853 - 5267 ( 713 ) 443 - 5267 mobile ( 877 ) 597 - 0646 pager - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . to : kitchen , louise cc : suarez , john sent : sat sep 15 18 : 51 : 20 2001 subject : fw : enrico bauli louise - do you know this gentleman from your days in london ? his resume looks good and he is interested in moving to houston and working in east power . john suarez - you are going to need at least one and probably two solid cash / term traders for the se region . talk to seresh about this guy . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bauli , enrico sent : thu 9 / 13 / 2001 6 : 42 am to : presto , kevin m . cc : subject : enrico bauli kevin , thanks for taking a look at this . i will talk to you in the next days to see if you think i will make enough money for you . best regards , enrico + 44 207 783 6560 > 
2	Subject: cal berkeley general presentation confirmation - 10 / 16 / 00 we have been able to secure rooms at the claremont hotel in berkeley . please note the confirmation numbers listed below . thanks ! claremont resort and spa - berkeley 41 tunnel road berkeley , ca 94705 510 - 843 - 3000 from oakland airport : go straight out of the airport on airport blvd . turn right on hegenberger road . from hegenberger follow signs for 880 north . follow hwy 880 north and follow signs for hwy 24 to walnut creek . take the claremont avenue exit , turning left at the bottom of the exit onto claremont . turn right on ashby avenue ( 5 th stoplight ) and the hotel ' s entrance is two blocks ahead on the left . from san francisco airport : follow signs for hwy 101 north to san francisco , take hwy 80 east to the bay bridge to oakland . cross bay bridge on hwy 80 , follow to 580 east , and exit onto hwy 24 to berkeley / walnut creek . follow hwy 880 north and follow signs for hwy 24 to walnut creek . take the claremont avenue exit , turning left at the bottom of the exit onto claremont . turn right on ashby avenue ( 5 th stoplight ) and the hotel ' s entrance is two blocks ahead on the left . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ashley baxter / corp / enron on 10 / 12 / 2000 07 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lara marie berry 10 / 10 / 2000 04 : 58 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , john pavetto / corp / enron @ enron , radu tutos / enron communications @ enron communications , denise rancour / corp / enron @ enron cc : ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron , simone lewis / na / enron @ enron subject : cal berkeley general presentation confirmation - 10 / 16 / 00 cal berkeley general presentation monday , october 16 th this note is to confirm that you are scheduled to attend the cal berkeley general presentation on monday october 16 th . this e - mail should contain any information that you need to know pertaining to your trip . please print out a hard copy and bring with you in case of emergency . if you have any questions , there is a list of contacts listed below . once again , thank you for offering to help with technology recruiting at cal berkeley . see you on campus ! lara the general presentation will be held : monday , october 16 th the faculty club seaborg room - 2 nd floor 7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m . * * please plan on arriving at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m . the general presentation is designed to educate the students on enron and the global technology track . following the presentation we will invite the students to ask questions about enron and the global technology track . please plan to arrive at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m . it is business casual attire . flight arrangements : you are responsible for scheduling your own flight arrangements with your preferred airline provider . please schedule your flight to arrive to the san francisco airport on monday , october 16 th . please remember that there can be significant traffic over the bay bridge and to get into town at least an hour prior to the event . please make all flight arrangements through the travel agency in the park so that we are able to take advantage of discount fares . if you do not have a representative that you currently use at the travel agency in the park - feel free to contact liz mendiola at 713 - 860 - 1140 . rental car arrangements : once again , you are responsible for scheduling your own rental car arrangements with your preferred provider . your travel agency in the park representative should be able to assist you with rental car reservations . hotel arrangements : hotel reservations are currently being made by our representative at the travel agency in the park . as soon as we have confirmation numbers , i will let you know . san francisco airport to the faculty club take 101 northbound exit to san francisco / oakland bay bridge exit to 1 - 80 east exit on university ave . east on university avenue for 1 . 5 miles to oxford st . right on oxford st . , left on durant ave . , left on piedmont you will see parking on the right side once again , thank you so much for helping with the general presentation . below are some last minute tips to keep in mind : please remember to dress business casual . please remember to bring some business cards for students . i have attached a pdf version of the global technology track brochure . please forward all expense receipts to grace garcia . she will handle any expenses incurred for this recruiting trip including : flight costs , hotel , car , food , valet , etc . however , you must turn in some sort of receipt - so be sure and save them ! ashley baxter work : 713 - 853 - 3589 cell : 281 - 793 - 0567 lara berry work : 713 - 345 - 8320 cell : 713 - 857 - 1034 grace garcia work : 713 - 853 - 7252 simone lewis work : 713 - 853 - 1645 
2	Subject: re : enron credit modeling discussions hi again , some of you have been kind enough to supply me with information that can be used for the strategic plan ( i am writing for duffie ) . to assist you in gathering further information , it was suggested that i forward a preliminary outline of this strategic plan to your attention . thanks in advance for your assistance , iris table of contents executive summary highlights introduction what is enron credit ? what is the business plan ? what are the products planned ? current status : what we currently trade , how we price . what new models we need to achieve goals . what attempts are being made internally and what external commercial sources are available . swot analysis strengths weakness opportunities threats pricing approach a diagram illustrating how various models are tied together for the overall objective of coming up with final cds and dbs pricing . brief description of each model shown in the diagram . public firm versus private firm what we have as first cut for modeling primarily public firms . our understanding on public versus private firms ' credit risk characteristics , data availability and possible modeling approaches . our proposed approach / plan towards development of private firm model , including comparative analysis , model development , etc . . portfolio level business feasibility analysis accounting breakeven analysis portfolio theory alternative ( short term ) measures kmv ' private firm model moody ' s riskcalc model for private firms comparison of kmv vs moody ' s private firm model future strategy development of private firm pricing models ( short - and long - tenor modelso completion of parent / subsidiary model risk management model for ect business references 
2	Subject: reviewer approval please note that your employees have suggested the following people to complete a feedback form on their behalf . you will need to access the performance management system ( pep ) to either approve or decline these suggested reviewers . once you have approved the suggested reviewers they will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form . your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below : date suggested : may 19 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : kollaros , alexios date suggested : may 22 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : krishnarao , pinnamaneni v date suggested : may 22 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : shanbhogue , vasant 
2	Subject: re : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation dear mr . ray , i regret to inform you that due to very heavy workload we cannot attend the power systems engineering research center ' s upcoming industrial advisory board meeting in oak brook . our work load does not leave us much time to get involved with pserc at this moment . we would very much like to stay in touch and plan to reconsider our decision in the second half of this year . vince kaminski " dennis ray " on 03 / 27 / 2001 04 : 46 : 44 pm to : " vince kaminski " cc : subject : pserc industrial advisory board meeting invitation mr . kaminski , greetings . bob thomas , shmuel oren and i invite you to attend the power systems engineering research center ' s upcoming industrial advisory board meeting in oak brook , il . it will be held on may 31 - june 1 . as you know from lance and alex , this is an opportunity to meet university researchers and industrial members of pserc . the meeting also has presentations on pserc activities and research projects , pserc business discussions , current topic discussions , and a tutorial . our current topics discussion will be on iso / rto issues , and will involve executives from several isos in dialog with university researchers . please let me know if you have any questions . we hope to see you there so that we can talk about any questions you might have about pserc . dennis ray , ph . d . executive director power systems engineering research center 608 - 265 - 3808 - directions . doc - iab _ meeting _ may 2001 . doc - iab _ registration _ form . doc - pserc members . doc 
2	Subject: re : [ 6 ] good day ! ! ! you will benefit much if purchase today : claritin - $ 40 arava - $ 140 glipizide - $ 18 albuterol - $ 23 ultram - $ 62 zyrtec - $ 93 zyban - $ 80 cephalexin - $ 36 aldactone - $ 91 albuterol - $ 23 amoxil - $ 32 viagra soft tablet - $ 99 prilosec - $ 235 selsun - $ 21 amoxicillin - $ 53 more than 150 drugs are also available in our shop . more information here : http : / / chorale . willalsoprovide . com 
2	Subject: fw : innocent avril lavigne pron phsoto buenos dias ! xaatrek hello ! hati ' ax unbelievable : ) kende malamu  
2	Subject: enron opportunities lynn , i am forwarding you the resume of a very bright and motivated young man who attended a lecture i gave recently at lsu . i think we should consider him for an analyst position . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 15 / 2000 08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " richard c . iles " on 09 / 14 / 2000 11 : 14 : 56 am please respond to " richard c . iles " to : cc : subject : enron opportunities dr . kaminski : ? here is my resume and cover letter . ? thanks , ? richard iles - enron cover and resume . doc 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , deanna schultz 
2	Subject: re : yes , would you like me to call you ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sat 12 / 8 / 2001 6 : 40 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) cc : subject : re : any time tomorrow morning possible ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , don ( asset mktg ) sent : saturday , december 08 , 2001 3 : 06 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : louise , i have a draft org . chart and would like to have you review it this weekend , if possible . please give me a shout and i will run the charts by your house . 713 - 529 - 6280 don 
2	Subject: new retail electricity provider survey as a result of recent deregulation in states such as pennsylvania and california , many new companies are entering the retail energy market . today , consumers in several states are able to choose their energy provider in much the same way they choose their long - distance phone company . a survey has been commissioned by the research group to better understand which factors are most important to consumers considering switching energy providers . the survey consists of 28 question , and can be found on the following website : if you , your spouse , or someone else in your family has time to take this survey , we would appreciate your input . feel free to forward this email to others . thanks for your time and consideration . 
2	Subject: funding deal louise , we have a customer that wants to monetize a couple of itm deals . cash out the door would be c $ 500 k with orig of c $ 300 k over ba ' s . please advise . thanks , rob 
2	Subject: choose our cybermedszone for top deals on medicaments . you . r or - der will be shipped discreetly and yet it will arrive safely . you can be assured of our best services . our weekly specials are very tempting and good on you . r pocket . have a re . fillphobia ? prefer truly quick curatives ? check the cyberspace if it is for uncontinuoussleep , lackofenergy , excessivepain , unbearablestress and . surfing on your website was fun . buying remedy at your e - zone was worth it . experience its healing effects was expected . gain the speedy delivery was an extra . overall , i am very satisfied with your stuff and services . desmond george , ohio . http : / / exj . jy . closertothefocus . com / als / i met with mr elliot in bath street . i was never more astonished . the brow of the hill , where they remained , was a cheerful spot : themselves before it . 36396 e sheffield rd , ellijay , georgia 30540 706 - 761 - 7504 
2	Subject: fw : aep it looks like eol will have a full tl link with aep in place next week . i will review this with network security and see if there are any issues . aep will still need to have their interfaces built and ready . enron should be ready to start testing our side by the end of this month and work out any issues in april . i talked to dawn fournier about space in three allen and they are working on trying to free up a floor . currently there is not a whole floor available . if they are successful then we will need to see what is currently set up on the floor and come up with the best plan for getting the space up and running asap . to do so we may need to provide network and telephony services instead of waiting on aep to build out their servers & install a phone switch . let me know if there are any questions . - tommy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hillier , bob sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 9 : 06 am to : yanowski , tommy j . subject : re : aep i am pretty sure that it is a full tl . hopefully the routing will be worked out next week . the only thing left would be to make sure that the eol business folks are ok with using it for this as well as the direct connect to eol . i will pass this by bob shults who is heading up this project . bbh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yanowski , tommy j . sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 7 : 51 am to : hillier , bob subject : re : aep i believe louise would like to close by may but that would mean needing the link in place by early april so that we could test and be ready to go april bid week for may production . do you know what the size of the link is ? is it a full tl ? thanks for all of your help . i hate to bother you but louise and skillings want to close asap . enron must need the cash . - tommy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hillier , bob sent : wednesday , march 07 , 2001 10 : 41 pm to : yanowski , tommy j . subject : aep it does not look like aep has its link up yet . the last note i got said that they were still working on some routing issues . what is your timeline for this look like . bbh 
2	Subject: inexpensive prescripiton pills empty surveillant accipiter pat aura dido locate your prescription immediately ! everything you want ! fast and cheap ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now grist lipscomb nut captain bemadden myopia culinary  
2	Subject: make the most of yor home hi , your application has been pre - approved on friday , august 27 th 2004 . your mtg process is pre - approved for rates starting at 3 . 15 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . we look foward to hearing from you . http : / / isaving . net / ? partid  pmm 2000 yours truly , randy fry contact - preference : http : / / isaving . net / st . html  
2	Subject: re : age reversing secret revealed minneapolis emergent dare h g h 1000 is unbelievable ! look younger + more energy + lose weight in three weeks . as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and oprah . the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat without dieting or exercise free month ' s supply of h g h 1000 this proven discovery has been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever . and it ' s guaranteed . would you like to lose weight while you sleep ? no dieting . no hunger pains . no cravings . no strenuous exercise . change your life forever . click here to learn how you can receive a full month ' s supply of h g h 1000 absolutely free 1 . body fat loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82 % improvement . 2 . wrinkle reduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 % improvement . 3 . energy level . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84 % improvement . 4 . muscle strength . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88 % improvement . 5 . sexual potency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75 % improvement . 6 . emotional stability . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67 % improvement . 7 . memory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62 % improvement . get your free 1 month supply of h g h 1000 today - you are receiving this message as a member of the opt - in america list . to be taken out of the data base please go here . we honor all remove requests . marsh ma rescind  
2	Subject: maureen raymoin ' ds review norma , maureen raymond refuses to sign her review . can you , please , join us tomorrow to discuss it . i have a time slot available at 2 : 00 but i can reorganize my schedule to accommodate you . vince 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for kara . l . boudreau @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000008593 request create date : 11 / 29 / 00 1 : 57 : 52 pm requested for : kara . l . boudreau @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice bridge monitor resource type : applications 
2	Subject: your shop web site is not being seen ! yourshop web site is not being seen why ? no one can find it ! your web site is not on many search engines and at the bottom of their listings and as a result you are losing customers who cannot find you ! can this be changed ? yes ! regal telecom for only  79 . 97 we will submit your web site to over 350 of the worlds search engines . ( see full list of search engines at the end of this document ) we will submit your site with the most effective meta tags and keywords . ( see our money back guarantee ) we know what the search engines are looking for . how do we know ? we look at the top five web sites in your category and use the same meta tags and key words that they use . if it works for them it will work for you ! so your web site can befound and seen for twelve months ! guaranteed ! ( see our testimonials ) think about it ! just as you have a web designer to build your site and a company to host your site , does itnot make sense to use a company that specializes in professionally submitting your web site . getting your web sitefound and seen ! a shocking fact ! your web site designer and your host are not responsible for getting your web site seen ! yes , they may submit your site to a few search engines periodically but tostay on the topof the search engines is an aggressive business . getting onto the search engines and at thetop of their listings doesn ' t just happen . you have to be put there ! what the . net , the internet magazine 8 / 2000 said : " you have your web site designed and have sorted out the maintenance and waiting for the business to roll in , but there ' s one small problem . . . . no one knows ! " you need a professional company to do it ! your money back guarantee ! if you do not receive confirmation from the search engines thatwe submit your web site to , we will give you your money back ! guaranteed ! there is nothing to lose ! some testimonials of those that have used regal telecom " this service is my secret weapon . i never believed it was possible to have such a rapid response . " etvcom . tv " i have been truly amazed by the results . i have received enquires from austria , hawaii , spain and many different parts of britain for my international real estate business . this is directly due to this service . i definitely recommend it ! worth every penny ! " keyhomes . net " we run a cancer clinic and it is essential that our web site is submitted to as many search engines as possible . we are looking forward to having the capability to do online video conferencing and online diagnosis with our patients from many parts of the world . it is a real advantage to have the capabilities that regal telecom offers . " mari posas cancer clinic . " we never received a single inquiry until we used regal telecom " noniuk . co . uk to submit your web site all we need is your web site and e - mail address . we will do the rest ! once we have submitted your web site you will receive a dramatic response by e - mail from search engines around the world confirming that you are listed on them . this will happen every month for the next year ! to book our service simply press this book now ! buttonand we can beginsubmitting your web site to the worlds search engines today ! then beready for the response ! within 24 hours your web site will begin to be submitted to over 350 search engines world wide and every month thereafter for the next year . the results will astound you ! most of your competition are unaware of the facts below ! this is to your advantage ! web site facts remember " the yellow pages " rule ! a search engine is like an enormous " yellow pages " with thousands of companies advertising the same product . unless you are near the front of the listing your chances of a customer actually seeing you is remote . unlike a literal yellow pages there is a way to move you to the front and also get you on all of the " yellow pages " in the world . what does it take to be seen on the search engines ? appreciate the three golden rules q search engines do not pull up the web sites at random they use a specific method of search . those that know them are the ones at the top , those that do not are buried at the bottom ! q your web site must be submitted to the search engines every month otherwise your site gets pushed off ( its a bit like a ferris wheel , you get on and then after a while you are taken off unless you get another ticket and get back on ) . q understand the importance of keywords , meta tags , and titles employed when submitting your site to the search engines ! use the right ones and you go up . get it wrong and you go to the bottom ! some feel that it is enough to be on the large search engines . wrong ! the problem is because of their sheer size most web sites get buried . having your web site professionally submitted can boost you up the listings of these larger search engines , so you can be found on them . also many people use the smaller search engines and if your site is professionally submitted your chances of getting to the top are greatly increased . it is essential to be on them ! having regal telecom expertly submit your web site every month to worlds search engines will give you the advantageyou need . this can make the difference between new customers finding your web site or not ! be on all of these search engines excite , altavista , google , hotboot , whatuseek , lycos , webcrawler , northernlight , directhit , alltheweb , pepesearch , searchit , http : / / search . yell . co . uk uk directory http : / / www . yell . co . uk / yell / web / index . htmlhttp : / / www . ukdirectory . comuk plus http : / / www . ukplus . co . ukuk web thebrit index media uk the uk web library http : / / www . scit . wlv . ac . ukuk yellow web whatsnew http : / / www . whatsnew . com / ukhttp : / / yacc . co . uk / britinddemon site of sites http : / / www . brains . demon . co . ukm http : / / www . mediauk . com / : / / www . looksmart . co . ukuk cybersearchhttp : / / www . cybersearch . co . ukuk / irelanduk ireland http : / / www . altavista . telia . comaustria austrian internet directory http : / / www . aid . co . atintersearchhttp : / / austria . intersearch . netadvalvas yellow pages http : / / yellow . advalvas . bele trouv ' tout http : / / www 2 . ccim . bewebwatchhttp : / / webwatch . beczech republicczech info center http : / / www . icml . comseznamhttp : / / www . seznam . czdenmarkdansk web index http : / / www . web - index . dkjubiihttp : / / www . jubii . dkfrance carrefourhttp : / / www . carrefour . netcnrshttp : / / www . cnrs . frecilahttp : / / www . ecila . frechohttp : / / www . echo . frfrance excite http : / / fr . excite . comlokacehttp : / / lokace . iplus . frnomadehttp : / / www . nomade . frvoilahttp : / / www . voila . frwanadoohttp : / / www . wanadoo . frgermanyaladin http : / / www . aladin . deallesklar http : / / www . allesklar . decrawler http : / / www . crawler . dedino - online http : / / dino - online . deexcite deutschland http : / / www . excite . defireball express http : / / www . fireball . deflix http : / / www . flix . dehit - net http : / / hit - net . dehotlist http : / / www . hotlist . deinter - fuxhttp : / / www . inter - fux . comintersearchhttp : / / www . de . intersearch . netsuchenhttp : / / www . suchen . delotse http : / / www . lotse . delycoshttp : / / www . lycos . denathanhttp : / / www . nathan . deweb - archiv http : / / www . web - archiv . deweb . dehttp : / / web . gogreece http : / / www . gogreece . comwebindex greece http : / / www . webindex . gr spainelcano http : / / www . elcano . com trovatorhttp : / / trovator . combios . es latin america argentina dna index http : / / www . iwcc . comfierahttp : / / www . fiera . comgauchonet http : / / www . gauchonet . comboliviabolivia web http : / / www . boliviaweb . comchile chile business directory http : / / www . chilnet . clcolombiaindexcol http : / / www . indexcol . comque hubo ( the colombian yellow pages http : / / www . quehubo . comcosta rica info costa rica http : / / www . info . co . crmexicomexico web guide http : / / www . mexico . web . com . mxsbelhttp : / / rtn . net . mx / sbelyupi http : / / www . yupi . http : / / www . auyantepuy . comvenezuela online http : / / www . venezuelaonline . comyuadahttp : / / www . yuada . com . venorth america canada infoprobe http : / / www . infoprobe . netmaple squarehttp : / / maplesquare . heureka http : / / www . heureka . hungary . comitaly ragno italiano http : / / ragno . plugit . netsearch in italy http : / / www 2 . crs 4 . it : 8080 shinyseek http : / / www . shinyseek . itnetherlandsde internet gids http : / / www . markt . nlilse http : / / www . ilse . nlsearch . nlhttp : / / www . search . nlsurfnet http : / / www . nic . surfnet . nlnorway eunet norge http : / / www . eunet . nonettvik http : / / nettvik . noorigohttp : / / www . origo . nosol kvasir http : / / kvasir . sol . noslovakiakio http : / / www . kio . sksloveniaslovenia resources http : / / www . ijs . si / slo / resourcessweden excite sverige http : / / se . excite . comlycos sverigehttp : / / www . lycos . http : / / www . heureka . chnetguidehttp : / / www . netguide . chschweizer home - page directory http : / / swisspage . chswisscom http : / / www . swisscom . chswiss firmindex online http : / / www . firmindex . chswiss web http : / / www . web . chthe blue window http : / / www . bluewin . chwebdohttp : / / www . webdo . chturkeydost net turish web sites directory http : / / www . dost . netyugoslavia yu search http : / / www . yusearch . commiddle east isreal maven http : / / www . maven . co . ilsivuvhttp : / / www . sivuv . co . ilstarthttp : / / www . start . co . ilwalla http : / / www . walla . co . ilafricaregional africa online http : / / www . africaonline . comwoyaa ! m http : / / www . woyaa . comsouth africa ananzi http : / / pubol . ananzi . co . zasouth africa online http : / / www . southafrica . co . zaasia pacific regional asia internet plaza http : / / www . asia - info . comasiannet http : / / www . asiannet . comasia online http : / / www . asiadragons . comasiavillehttp : / / www . asiaville . comglobepagehttp : / / www . globepage . comsea quest http : / / seaquest . kusza . edu . mysearch dragon http : / / www . searchdragon . comsouth asian milan http : / / www . samilan . comaustraliaaaa matilda http : / / www . aaa . com . aualta vista http : / / altavista . yellowpages . com . auaustralia / new zealand anzwershttp : / / www . anzwers . com . auaustraliaaussie . com . au http : / / www . aussie . com . authe australian internet directory http : / / 203 . 17 . 138 . 111 / taidthe australian yellow pages http : / / www . yellowpages . com . aulooksmarthttp : / / www . looksmart . com . auaustralian internet directories http : / / www . sofcom . com / directoriessearch australia http : / / www . cowleys . com . autelstrahttp : / / www . telstra . com . auweb wombat http : / / www . webwombat . com . auhong kong hong kong internet directoryhttp : / / www . internet - directory . comhong kongworld wide web database http : / / mmlab . csc . cuhk . edu . hkn timway hong kong search enginehttp : / / www . hksrch . com / searchengine . htmlindial 23 india http : / / www . 123 india . comkhoj http : / / www . khoj . http : / / www . indonesianet . com / search . htmjapan dragon next http : / / dragon . co . jphole - in - one ( excite japan ) http : / / hole - in - one . com / hioinfonavigator http : / / infonavi . infoweb . or . jpmondouhttp : / / zagato . kuamp . kyoto - u . ac . jporionshttp : / / www . orions . ad . jpstellarhttp : / / www . stellar . co . jpwatchhttp : / / www . watch . impress . co . jpkorea oomph ! http : / / www . oomph . netmalaysia informative malaysia http : / / www . infomal . com . mymalaysia search engine http : / / www . cari . com . mynew zealand access new zealand http : / / accessnz . co . nzsearch http : / / www . searchnz . co . nzsingapore singapore unified internet directory http : / / edge . com . sgsurfer ' s edgehttp : / / surferes . edge . com . sg and many more ! regaltelecom @ regal . com 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: all alone ? need somoene to talk to ?  
2	Subject: energy operations , gas operations - organizational changes fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 05 / 31 / 2000 12 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - heather choate 05 / 31 / 2000 12 : 29 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , scott neal / hou / ect @ ect , robin barbe / hou / ect @ ect , sandra f brawner / hou / ect @ ect , john d burrows / hou / ees @ ees , tammi depaolis / corp / enron @ enron , kate fraser / hou / ect @ ect , chris germany / hou / ect @ ect , scott hendrickson / hou / ect @ ect , brad horn / hou / ect @ ect , dick jenkins / hou / ect @ ect , dan junek / hou / ect @ ect , jared kaiser / hou / ect @ ect , karen d mcilvoy / hou / ect @ ect , brad mckay / hou / ect @ ect , jonathan mckay / cal / ect @ ect , susan w pereira / hou / ect @ ect , andrea ring / hou / ect @ ect , gregory schockling / corp / enron @ enron , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , judy townsend / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , briant baker / hou / ect @ ect , tricia bowen / hou / ect @ ect , sabra l dinari / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , joe a casas / hou / ect @ ect , christina sanchez / corp / enron @ enron , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , victoria versen / hou / ect @ ect , clarissa garcia / hou / ect @ ect , beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect , robert allwein / hou / ect @ ect , cindy vachuska / hou / ect @ ect , jesse villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , joan veselack / corp / enron @ enron , phillip villagomez / corp / enron @ enron , joann collins / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , angie zeman / corp / enron @ enron , steve gillespie / corp / enron @ enron , alvin thompson / corp / enron @ enron , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , maria garza / hou / ect @ ect , charles t muzzy / hou / ect @ ect , mark l schrab / hou / ect @ ect , lisa kinsey / hou / ect @ ect , margie straight / hou / ect @ ect , reyna cabrera / hou / ect @ ect , darren espey / corp / enron @ enron , cora pendergrass / corp / enron @ enron , kirk lenart / hou / ect @ ect , wes dempsey / na / enron @ enron , jacqueline p adams / hou / ect @ ect , stacey j brewer / hou / ect @ ect , suzanne christiansen / hou / ect @ ect , brenda everett / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , natalie baker / hou / ect @ ect , denise squirrel / hou / ect @ ect , morgan sharifi / corp / enron @ enron , gary l payne / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn bussell / hou / ect @ ect , mark mcclure / hou / ect @ ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , molly johnson / hou / ect @ ect , jason williams / hou / ect @ ect , carrie hollomon / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly s olinger / hou / ect @ ect , brenda h fletcher / hou / ect @ ect , jeff coates / hou / ect @ ect , mary theresa franklin / hou / ect @ ect , michael taylor / na / enron @ enron , robert shiring / hou / ect @ ect cc : kimberly brown / hou / ect @ ect , chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , alex saldana / hou / ect @ ect , irena d hogan / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect subject : energy operations , gas operations - organizational changes effective immediately the following organizational changes will take effect within the energy operations , gas operations team . kathy kelly will assume the role of manager of the off - system volume management team . kathy will be responsible for the day to day management and development of the volume management team and will also lead the effort to reconcile historical imbalance and accounting issues . kathy ' s logistics experience and strong knowledge of both the upstream and downstream processes will help to develop a more cohesive and responsive energy operations team . kathy will report directly to susan harrison , director gas operations . victor lamadrid will be promoted to the northeast logistics manager and will handle the day to day trading interface role as well as the day to day management and development of the northeast logistics team . victor ' s extensive knowledge of many northeast pipes coupled with his asset management roles and his experience as northeast lead will help strengthen the northeast team . victor will report directly to bob superty , director gas logistics and will work closely with both east desk directors , dick jenkins and scott neal , on staffing and desk management issues . beverly beaty will assume the role of northeast lead and will be assisting victor with the day to day management of the northeast team . beverly has recently served as transco lead and has also been involved in asset transactions on the east desk . beverly brings many years of experience to her new role . in addition to the above , in an effort to balance out the overall management responsibilities on the east gas desk , the tennessee and columbia gulf scheduling team along with steve gillespie will now report to the southeast manager ed terry . please join us in congratulating kathy , victor and beverly in their new roles . susan harrison and bob superty . 
2	Subject: lose while you sleep ! as seen on opra . h and cnb . c amazing health enhancer - as seen on oprah and cnbc ! - increase your energy - reduce fat - increase s . exual potency - gain lean muscle - lose weight - sharpen memory - improve sleep quality - reduce wrinkles - look and feel youngerwonderous discovery ! want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htmcomp . uter tech . nologies 848 n . rain . bow blvd . # 316 las v . egas , nv 8 . 9107  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? present - day course t ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? o reduce mass ! ?  this product is an advanced fat - binding appendix that withdraws fat from a board you wolf ! devised with the potent grease - bonding fiber , the medley of all - natural multipliers . . . verify it  
2	Subject: m ' eds inexpen . sive killers now online your favorite medcation ~ 70 % off sale ( limitd . time only ) vlagra from $ 60 vallum from $ 70 amblen from $ 62 clalls from $ 90 xanx from $ 71 + more . . order now & get shlpplng at no cost  
2	Subject: dominating picks from market news alerts yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 27 watch this stock thursday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been realiy moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap international inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzeriand . under the terms of the agreement sts will assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capital for the purpose of advancing the company  s business plan relating to its proprietary voip technology . as a result of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us doliar 50 o , 000 bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof . funds for the bridge faciiity will primariiy be appiied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts . a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these sma | | cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ? about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company plans on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biilion telephones woridwide , but specifically , the international cailing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite , and has wireiess capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca . * yap internationa | reveaied a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway . * yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exciusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company  s distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractual agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 20 o , 000 voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 20 o 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , ooo , ooo and yap internationa | expects that its products wi | | comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america . * yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company  s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ural state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of eiectromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov  s diverse background aiso inciudes direct invoivement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first ceilular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio telephone inc . of russia . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go ypil information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil  s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when availabie , should be completed prior to investing . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 26 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: quers ganar dinero con internet . esto es diferente a todo . s , aunque no lo creas , es diferente porque el control lo llevs vos mismo , porque tu honestidad y la de los otros hacen que este programa funcione perfectamente . yo , como otros , nunca cre ni en cadenas , cobrar por navegar . . . hasta que un amigo me mostr , hace tiempo , un cheque por 2 . 900 dlares . en este caso , usted no tiene necesidad de tener banda ancha , ni siquiera , tener internet en su casa . simplemente tendr qu llevar el mismo control que hace usted sobre su cuenta de mail . para conocer ms , y sin miedo a nada , porque leerlo no cuesta un peso , te pido que prestes atencin . http : / / ganedolares . webcindario . com / 
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off dspiliot our pharmacy offerss of the month : viicodin $ 119 ( 30 pi | | s ) viaggra $ 129 ( 30 pilis ) ciailis $ 149 ( 30 pills ) valiium $ 89 ( 30 piils ) xanaax $ 109 ( 30 pilis ) soma $ 109 ( 30 piils ) more offerss for bulk purchase while stock last . . http : / / www . getbestmeds . com happy new year fvn 24 plzkrvuycybfflcwqs 4 alzmind 8 nztgvo  
2	Subject: 81 % off for all new software . addicted omaha sand went house equal scale slow war . basic his fast high horse , surface . line , settle , one . them mile map lone consider got . then answer , street never , read . with , bad these white , why black is . find minute , sentence . though best plain . copy air , fraction over . verb hard , mark listen , ever may . life dance post as call shall . got , take got . wash , box your , which . these port men water , start , page . fill gather space thousand final .  
2	Subject:  htketllyo tired of only lasting a few minutes i " n besezzd ? u ' nsatisfyxiibed wi % th your own performance ? well mil ~ liovlnqs o * f men all over th , e world are u ! sing gcfenesr " ic cxiialiss t 2 o soflve these problems . never disalbppgokint in bexbd aiegain . get th ? e cheape / st generic c } itqalis on the nbmet . sataoisfatpction guvarazxn 4 vteed ! deoctop 3 r approvefvd . lao 320 de % money back guara ; ntexe ! ddriscreet an ' d confidentical , no one wiill kn ) oqqw . . . clviubcr 6 k herdle npow for d 3 etails remove here  
2	Subject: 73 % off for all new software . brevets richness try fly , age , main , cloud there . matter copy inch , make . dress face skin , green , call wash said . correct ran , a observe , gas summer . took pair even answer us control . example , lay serve . that clear those answer probable , the . pay how said light back . snow , tail , differ six is know . country farm search , difficult subject ease . base too to cut road , fair hear . size number round south before . written wood as book watch . self our help one , distant gold . or next city , dictionary song .  
2	Subject: * * urgent assistance * * 5 , meridian east leicester le 3 2 wz leicester city , united kingdom tel / fax : 44 - 870 - 136 - 7079 date : 09 / 11 / 2002 from : capt john okele dear sir , i got your contact through a military friend who i did training with in your country , i am captain john okele the former commander of the security guards of the late laurent kabila ( former president , democratic republic of congo ( africa ) , i am presently in self - exile with my wife and one child in remote leicester city britain , due to threat of the present government headed by the son of late laurent kabila after my life and my family to kill , saying that i know about the death of his father . i assisted late president laurent kabila to keep us $ 35 m ( thirty five millions ) in a security company during the war in my country . although the security company does not know the content in the boxes deposited as we deposit it as personal effects of mr . laurent kabila . it is in this respect that i seek your help to assist me in the investment of these funds before the present government headed by the son will have knowledge of this money to avoid being taking away . on conclusion of this business , i shall compensate you with 45 % of the fund , while 5 % is mapped out for any expense we should encounter during the cause of transaction , and the remaining amount should be used to open account for my family for investment over there with your assistance . i need a profitable long - term investment plan with your company or you . your terms , suggestions and ideas are required urgently . expecting your prompt response . also furnish me with your current e - mail address , tel / fax numbers ( private ) for a personal contact with you . note : please you can call or fax to the line above , it belong to my cousin , as he know the confidentiality , you can reach me direct on my mail above . yours faithfully , capt john okele e - mail : johnokele 2 @ hotmail . com private e - mail : johnokele @ london . com 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron jolt : investments , assets generate big loss - - - part of charge tied to 2 partnerships interests wall street the wall street journal , 10 / 17 / 01 enron posts loss for quarter , citing one - time charges the asian wall street journal , 10 / 17 / 01 enron reports $ 1 billion in charges and a loss the new york times , 10 / 17 / 01 companies & finance the americas - enron tries to see bright side of $ 1 bn levy . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 17 / 01 observer - excuse me - avenue of the americas . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 17 / 01 world stock markets - financials lead wall street to modest gains . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 17 / 01 world stock markets - end of wall st surge leaves techs struggling . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 17 / 01 enron posts loss after write - downs houston chronicle , 10 / 17 / 01 mark to market : a defiant spring in their steps capital markets report , 10 / 17 / 01 lex column - enron lex column . financial times ( u . k . edition ) , 10 / 17 / 01 internet tax ban extended the washington post , 10 / 17 / 01 united states the globe and mail , 10 / 17 / 01 enron corp . reiterated ` strong buy ' at first albany bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 brazil energy rules deter investment as shortages choke economy bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 former montana governor named u . s . envoy in lumber dispute associated press newswires , 10 / 16 / 01 enron reports third - quarter loss due to investment writeoff associated press newswires , 10 / 16 / 01 enron long - term debt ratings on review for possible downgrade - moody ' s afx news , 10 / 16 / 01 enron - chmn . & ceo cnnfn : market coverage - morning , 10 / 16 / 01 enron ceo - interview fox news : your world enron corp . chmn . & ceo - interview cnbc / dow jones business video , 10 / 16 / 01 enron jolt : investments , assets generate big loss - - - part of charge tied to 2 partnerships interests wall street by john emshwiller and rebecca smith staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 17 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . yesterday took a $ 1 . 01 billion charge mostly connected with write - downs of soured investments , producing a $ 618 million third - quarter loss . the loss highlights the risom a pipeline com a particular slice raises anew vexing conflict - of - interest questions . the slice is connected with a pair of limited partnerships that until recently were run by enron ' s chief financial officer . the company said the charge connected with the partnerships is $ 35 million and involves the " early termination . . . of certain structured finance arrangements . " two years ago , the chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , entered into the unusual arrangement with his employer . with the approval of the board of enron , mr . fastow set up and ran the partnerships that stood to make him millions or more , according to partnership documents . while the company says that this arrangement was proper , some corporate - governance watchdogs have questioned whether a chief financial officer , who is responsible for overseeing the financial interests of the company , should have been involved in such a partnership that was , among other things , looking to purchase assets from enron . the two partnerships , ljm cayman lp and the much larger ljm 2 co - investment lp , have engaged in billions of dollars of complex hedging transactions with enron involving company assets and millions of shares of enron stock . it isn ' t clear from enron filings with the securities and exchange commission what enron received in return for providing these assets and shares . in a number of transactions , notes receivable were provided by partnership - related entities . mr . fastow ' s role as chief financial officer made him privy to internal asset analyses at enron . an offering memorandum for the ljm 2 partnership said that this dual role " should result in a steady flow of opportunities . . . to make investments at attractive prices . " mr . fastow would find his interests " aligned " with investors because the " economics of the partnership would have significant impact on the general partner ' s wealth , " according to this document . in a written statement in response to questions , enron , based in houston , said " there never was any obligation for enron to do any transaction with ljm . enron and its board established special review and approval processes with its senior management and external audit and legal counsel to ensure that each transaction with the ljm partnership was fair , in the best interest of enron and its shareholders , and appropriately disclosed . " mr . fastow , through an enron spokesman , declined to be interviewed . in announcing the third - quarter loss , enron said the partnership - related write - offs were part of a larger $ 544 million charge related to the diminished value of investments in a retail - power business , broadband telecommunications and technology . in addition , there was also a $ 287 million write - off resulting from its investment in azurix corp . , a water company enron spun off and then repurchased . in all , enron posted a third - quarter loss of 84 cents a share , compared with a gain of 34 cents a share in the year - earlier period . revenue rose 59 % to $ 47 . 6 billion . at 4 p . m . yesterday , enron ' s stock was up 67 cents a share to $ 33 . 84 in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , but remains far below its 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 . on monday , the day before the earnings announcement , enron stock dropped by about 7 % . in an interview , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , kenneth lay , said the write - offs were designed as part of an effort to " find anything and everything that was a distraction and was causing a cloud over the company . " the quarterly loss is the latest in a series of setbacks faced by enron recently after years of almost unbroken success . there have been mounting problems from expensive moves into the water and telecommunications businesses . and there has been a steady stream of executive departures , most notably the surprise resignation in august of enron ' s president and chief executive , jeffrey skilling , who said he left for personal reasons and because of the fallen stock price . the partnership arrangement involving mr . fastow , the highly regarded chief financial officer , first surfaced in an enron sec filing in 1999 , but only recently has it attracted wall street ' s concern . in late july , mr . fastow severed his relations with the partnerships , according to a company sec filing . company officials said that move was partly related to questions raised by analysts and large enron shareholders . little about the inner workings of the ljm partnerships has been disclosed to date . private partnership documents reviewed by the wall street journal indicate that enron agreed to a partnership arrangement with potentially huge financial rewards for mr . fastow . the ljm cayman partnership raised a relatively modest $ 16 million , according to the documents . the more ambitious ljm 2 aimed to raise at least $ 200 million , the documents show . among investors were credit suisse group ' s credit suisse first boston , wachovia corp . and general electric co . ' s general electric capital corp . the arkansas teachers fund committed $ 30 million , of which $ 7 . 4 million had been tapped by late last month . bill shirron , a fund manager there , said the ljm arrangement had " already returned $ 6 million to us . " it ' s been " a home run so far , " mr . shirron added . according to the ljm 2 offering document , the general partner , made up of mr . fastow and at least one other enron employee , received a management fee of as much as 2 % annually of the total amounts invested . additionally , the general partner was eligible for profit participation that could produce millions of dollars more if the partnership met its performance goals over its projected 10 - year life . in exchange , the general partner was obliged to invest at least 1 % of the aggregate capital commitments . in an interview earlier this year , mr . lay said the ljm arrangement didn ' t produce any conflicts of interest . such related - party transactions , involving top managers or directors , aren ' t unusual , he said . " almost all big companies have related - party transactions . " typically , related - party transactions involve dealings with partly owned affiliates or a contract with a firm tied to one of the company ' s outside directors . it is rare for a top executive to be in a position where he could have conflicting fiduciary responsibilities . the ljm 2 offering document states that the responsibilities of mr . fastow and other partnership officials to enron could " from time to time conflict with fiduciary responsibilities owed to the partnership and its partners . " some institutions approached as potential ljm investors demurred partly because of such potential conflicts . enron has publicly stated that the partnership deals were aimed to help it hedge against fluctuating values for its growing portfolio of assets . in the past decade , enron has seen its asset base rocket to more than $ 100 billion . as a result of this rapid growth , enron has at times been strapped for capital and has sought ways to bring in outside investors to help bolster its balance sheet . charles lemaistre , an outside enron director and president emeritus of the m . d . anderson cancer center at the university of texas , said he viewed the partnership arrangement partly as a way of keeping mr . fastow at enron . " we try to make sure that all executives at enron are sufficiently well - paid to meet what the market would offer , " he said . enron ' s interest in retaining mr . fastow may have been heightened by an exodus of top managers who were cashing out large stock - option grants after the company ' s success in 1999 and 2000 . mr . fastow ' s yield from options for the 12 months through aug . 31 was $ 4 . 6 million , according to disclosure reports compiled by thomson financial . mr . lay netted about $ 70 million from exercising options during this period , while mr . skilling , the former president , realized nearly $ 100 million . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . international news enron posts loss for quarter , citing one - time charges dow jones newswires 10 / 17 / 2001 the asian wall street journal 2 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones $ 287 million related to so - called asset impairments recorded by azurix ; and $ 180 million for the restructuring of broadband services . excluding items , enron , which is based in houston , said it earned $ 393 million , or 43 cents a share , helped by its core wholesale and retail energy businesses and natural gas pipelines . that figure matched a consensus estimate from analysts , according to thomson financial / first call . revenue soared to $ 47 . 61 billion from $ 30 . 01 billion . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron reports $ 1 billion in charges and a loss by kenneth n . gilpin 10 / 17 / 2001 the new york times page 5 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company the enron corporation , the nation ' s leading wholesale electricity marketer and natural gas trader , posted a third - quarter loss yesterday because of more than $ 1 billion in one - time charges for various businesses . the company reported a net loss of $ 618 million , or 84 cents a share , in contrast to net income of $ 292 million , or 34 cents a share , in the period a year earlier . excluding charges , enron said it earned $ 393 million , or 43 cents a share . revenue jumped 59 percent , to $ 47 . 6 billion , from $ 30 billion a year ago . the charges , which total $ 1 . 01 billion , or $ 1 . 11 a share , included a $ 287 million write - down on azurix , the company ' s troubled water - management division , and $ 180 billion in restructuring charges at its broadband telecommunications operation . but more than half the charges were related to various investment losses , mostly from enron ' s stake in the new power company , a retail electricity joint venture with aol time warner and i . b . m . ' ' after a thorough review of our businesses , we have decided to take these charges to clear away issues that have clouded the performance and earnings potential of our core energy businesses , ' ' kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , said in a statement . even as its stock surged last year and into this year , analysts complained that the company had a complex web of businesses and lacked clarity in its financial reporting . in the wake of the california energy crisis , the value of enron shares began a sharp retreat , and the focus on problems at some of its operations intensified . on aug . 14 , jeffrey k . skilling abruptly resigned as president and chief executive after just six months on the job . the move forced mr . lay , who transformed the company from an intrastate pipeline company into an energy conglomerate , to resume operational control . wall street had been expecting write - offs , and analysts said more could be coming . but the news yesterday had little effect on enron ' s shares , which rose 67 cents , to $ 33 . 84 . they are off 59 percent this year . ' ' they didn ' t telegraph exactly what they were going to do , or when or how , ' ' said david fleischer , an analyst at goldman , sachs . ' ' but for many quarters the topic has been how many billions are they going to write off ? now the question is , ' what ' s next ? ' ' ' ronald barone , an analyst at ubs warburg , said the write - offs were ' ' a step in the right direction . ' ' ' ' investors can look at this with more confidence that problems are being faced and addressed , ' ' he said . mr . barone and others said the company might have to make decisions at some point about troubled international assets , including its power plant in india as well as its broadband unit . earlier this year , mr . skilling insisted that enron ' s broadband trading business was worth $ 35 billion . after the restructuring yesterday , enron has a $ 600 million investment in broadband . ' ' i don ' t think anyone knows what the broadband operation is worth , ' ' said todd shipman , an analyst at standard & poor ' s . ' ' it seems to me they don ' t think there is a big prospect of a short - term turnaround . they are putting the whole thing in cold storage . ' ' despite enron ' s potential , analysts said mr . lay faced a considerable task . ' ' management has lost credibility and have to reprove themselves , ' ' mr . fleischer at goldman , sachs said . ' ' they need to convince investors these earnings are real , that the company is for real and that growth will be realized . that has to be proven over time . ' ' the earnings report issued yesterday provides ' ' a little more breakdown , ' ' he added , ' ' but it will take more disclosure . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - enron tries to see bright side of $ 1 bn levy . by julie earle . 10 / 17 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved companies & finance the americas - enron tries to see bright side of $ 1 bn levy - diversified industrials failed investments in telecommunications , energy and water take their toll . enron , the us energy trader , yesterday attempted to reassure the market after it revealed a hefty $ 1 . 01 bn charge related to its failed investments in telecommunications , retail energy sales and water businesses . the houston - based company outlined a recovery plan , including more asset sales , but the charge , along with a weaker - than - expected performance in europe and no sign of improvement in its broadband division overshadowed any good news . some analysts , who had exerted pressure on the company to release detailed financial results , warned of more surprises at an analysts meeting in new york tomorrow . moody ' s investors service placed enron ' s $ 13 bn of debt securities on review for downgrade . by midday in new york , the company ' s shares were 17 cents lower at $ 33 , continuing a 60 per cent share slide this year . ken lay , the chairman who is back at the helm after the abrupt resignation of former chief executive jeff skilling in august , said he had three main concerns . enron remains entangled in the fallout from the california energy crisis , the sale of its troubled dahol power project in india and the slump in the broadband division , he said . " investors have been willing to overlook a lack of clarity with enron but now with more difficult times , they want to dig a little deeper . enron should have been doing that all along , " said chris ellinghause , analyst at williams capital group . mr lay said yesterday that enron planned to offload other assets after selling its electricity utility portland general electric to northwest natural gas for $ 1 . 8 bn this month . mr lay said that despite the charge , the company had had a strong quarter and the fundamentals remained strong . " there is some optimism for the fourth quarter and for next year . we have cleaned up some operations and hopefully by doing this , we will get a sharper focus on the company ' s true strengths and growth to come . " earlier , mr lay revealed a $ 618 m , or 84 cents a share , loss for the quarter , against a profit of $ 292 m , or 34 cents , last time . the charges included $ 544 m for losses on investments in the new power company , broadband and technology investments . the company took a $ 180 m charge to restructure its broadband division and a $ 287 m loss related to azurix , the water treatment and infrastructure business . revenue jumped 60 per cent to $ 47 . 6 bn . the company ' s main profit driver , its wholesale energy division , had strong results in its natural gas and electricity trading , especially in north america . asked if enron intended to report any other charges , mr lay said : " if we thought we had other impaired assets they would be on the list today . " ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . observer - excuse me - avenue of the americas . 10 / 17 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved excuse me ? ken lay , chairman of enron , the us energy group and trader , was in the hot seat yesterday trying to explain a surprise $ 1 bn charge to analysts and the media on the company ' s third - quarter conference call when a hapless caller offered some light relief . " is this the duke conference call ? " the listener asked , interrupting lay ' s explanation for a hefty third - quarter loss from failed investments in telecommunications , retail energy sales and water . ( duke energy competes head on with the aggressive , houston - based enron . ) the conference host moved in swiftly : " you are calling about duke ? this is enron ' s third - quarter call " , as much laughter ensued . then lay , who has promised to provide analysts with more information about the company , chimed in : " now if you ' d like to ask about duke , we ' ll do that too . " lay ' s approach was noticeably relaxed - despite the poor result - and unlike that of his predecessor and right - hand man , jeff skilling , who quit the company in august but is still fondly remembered for his use of vivid epithets during conference calls . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - financials lead wall street to modest gains . by mary chung . 10 / 17 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved us equities reversed their losses and posted modest gains in late trading with financials leading the way . stocks bounced in and out of positive territory before making a decisive move higher . the dow jones industrial average closed up 36 . 61 at 9 , 384 . 23 while the s & p 500 index edged up 7 . 56 at 1 , 097 . 54 . the nasdaq composite rose 25 . 76 to 1 , 722 . 07 . volume remained low with 1 . 2 bn trades in the nyse , which traders said accounted for some of the session ' s exaggerated moves . investors combed through a slew of corporate earnings reports and braced for more big - cap results after the close , including statements from tech heavyweights intel and ibm . intel was up 2 . 4 per cent while ibm slipped 0 . 15 per cent . " we ' re kind of hot and heavy in earnings season and the main focus is on results , " said tom van leuven , us equity strategist at jp morganchase . " it ' s the same trend in lowered expectations and that is translating into lower consensus growth numbers . " financials showed strength with bank one up 8 per cent at $ 32 . 81 after it reported third - quarter earnings that surpassed expectations . shares in wells fargo fell 1 . 4 per cent at $ 40 . 19 after reporting a 42 per cent rise in net income , although earnings fell short of analysts ' estimates . dow components american express rose 1 . 3 per cent at $ 31 . 30 and citigroup 2 . 9 per cent at $ 46 . 09 . caterpillar slipped 0 . 35 per cent at $ 48 . 03 after the construction equipment manufacturer reported third - quarter earnings failed to meet wall street estimates . united technologies brought cheer to investors after the company topped expectations and posted a 14 per cent rise in profits . the company also said it would cut 5 , 000 jobs . its shares rose 2 per cent at $ 54 . johnson & johnson was up 2 per cent at $ 56 . 77 after the health and consumer products maker posted results that beat estimates . energy stocks were broadly higher with enron , the energy trader , up 2 per cent at $ 33 . 84 after reporting quarterly results that met expectations but excluded a $ 1 bn charge . wl paso gained 2 per cent at $ 52 . 52 and chevrontexaco tacked on 0 . 8 per cent at $ 89 . 15 . leading technology stocks were higher with microsoft up 0 . 7 per cent at $ 58 . 45 while cisco systems gained 4 . 7 per cent at $ 16 . 97 . the morning ' s economic data were negative . september industrial production fell 1 per cent following august ' s 0 . 7 per cent decline . toronto closed higher , led by gains in technology and base - metal stocks . the s & p 300 composite index rose 71 . 99 or 1 . 03 per cent to end at 7 , 027 . 62 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - end of wall st surge leaves techs struggling . by mary chung . 10 / 17 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved us equities were mixedby midday after an earlyrally evaporated , sending blue chips lower and leaving technology stocks battling to stay in positive territory . the dow jones industrial average lost momentum and was down 10 . 72 at 9 , 336 . 90 while the s & p 500 index edged up 0 . 52 at 1 , 090 . 50 . the nasdaq composite held on to a 7 . 13 gain at 1 , 703 . 44 . investors combed through a slew of corporate earnings reports and braced for more big - cap results after the close , including statements from tech heavyweights intel and ibm . intel was up 1 per cent while ibm slipped 1 per cent . " we ' re kind of hot and heavy in earnings season and the main focus is on results , " said tom van leuven , us equity strategist at jp morganchase . " it ' s the same trend in lowered expectations and that is translating into lower consensus growth numbers . " caterpillar weighed on the dow after the construction equipment manufacturer reported third - quarter earnings failed to meet wall street estimates . the stock fell 2 per cent at $ 47 . 31 . united technologies brought cheer to investors after the company topped expectations and posted a 14 per cent rise in profits . the company also said it would cut 5 , 000 jobs . its shares rose 3 per cent at $ 54 . 65 . johnson & johnson was up 1 . 2 per cent at $ 56 . 40 after the health and consumer products maker posted results that beat estimates . enron , the energy trader , was up 1 per cent at $ 33 . 45 after reporting quarterly results that met expectations but excluded a $ 1 bn charge . financials were stronger with american express up 1 per cent at $ 31 . 16 and citigroup 2 . 2 per cent at $ 45 . 81 . wells fargo gained 0 . 34 per cent at $ 40 . 91 after reporting a 42 per cent rise in net income , although earnings fell short of analysts ' estimates . bank one rose 6 . 2 per cent at $ 32 . 34 after it reported third - quarter earnings that surpassed expectations . leading technology stocks were mixed with microsoft trading near flat at $ 58 . 13 while cisco systems gained 1 per cent at $ 16 . 38 . the morning ' s economic data were negative . september industrial production fell 1 per cent following august ' s 0 . 7 per cent decline . toronto rose in early trading , led higher by a rally for technology stocks . the s & p 300 composite index was up 0 . 4 per cent at 6 , 982 . 80 at midsession . top - weighted nortel networks gained 11 cents to c $ 9 . 31 and sierra wireless c $ 1 . 55 to c $ 21 . 15 . research in motion added 36 cents at c $ 27 . 30 . banks were hit by negative broker comment . imperial bank of commerce lost 38 cents at c $ 50 . 50 and bank of nova scotia 32 cents at c $ 44 . 70 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . oct . 16 , 2001 , 11 : 32 pm enron posts loss after write - downs core businesses considered solid houston chronicle by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle enron corp . posted a third - quarter loss after taking $ 1 . 01 billion in charges aimed at dealing with problems it said distracted investors from focusing on the company ' s core energy businesses . with write - offs in its water and broadband businesses and on a retail electricity investment , the energy trader tuesday reported a loss of $ 618 million or 84 cents a diluted share . that compares with net income of $ 292 million , or 34 cents a diluted share , a year ago . " the underlying earnings from what enron does well , which in my view is wholesale and retail energy , were solid , " said andre meade , an analyst with commerzbank securities in new york . " the big news item is the significant write - down . " the charges include : ? $ 287 million to reflect losses on assets to be sold by troubled water and wastewater services unit azurix . ? $ 180 million related to downsizing in enron ' s broadbroad operations including severance cost and losses on both inventory sales and customer contracts . ? $ 544 million for investment losses and dismantling a financial vehicle used by enron for investment projects that was disliked by some on wall street . about half the amount is related to new power co . , a retail electricity and natural gas provider that is 45 percent owned by enron . enron created new power and then spun it off . in last year ' s initial public offering , new power shares debuted at $ 21 . tuesday , they closed at $ 1 . 90 . enron also has its own retail energy business that follows a different model . other portions of the charge cover losses on investments in broadband and technology ventures . meade said the charges call into the question some of the directions enron has moved in outside of its core energy business . he added : " it certainly confirmed a lot of the businesses that they went into and were highly touted have destroyed value . that ' s not good for a company like enron , which is very innovative . " excluding the charges , enron ' s third - quarter net income increased 35 percent year - over - year to $ 393 million , or 43 cents a diluted share . analysts surveyed by thomson financial / first call expected , on average , enron to report a profit , before one - time charges , of 43 cents a diluted share . ken lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , said enron turned out strong results in its core wholesale and retail energy businesses , as well as its natural gas pipelines . " as these numbers show , enron ' s core energy business fundamentals are excellent , " lay said on a conference call . income for its wholesale services division , before interest and taxes , rose 28 percent year - over - year . enron also made good on its pledge to give analysts and investors more detailed financial information . in its earnings release , it broke down performances in its core wholesale division by segment . for example , it included lines with details about its coal , metals and other specific commodities . enron promised more financial data as it worked to restore investor confidence lost after ceo jeff skilling unexpectedly resigned in august , citing personal reasons . " it ' s definitely an improvement . i was happy with that , " meade said of the information enron provided . but he would have liked even more detail . shares in enron closed up 67 cents tuesday , at $ 33 . 84 . wall street was looking for enron to clean house this quarter and expected write - offs of $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion , said carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities in houston . " they spruced up the house , but they didn ' t actually clean out all the cobwebs , " she said , adding that she suspects further write - downs may follow . enron did note three areas still facing uncertainty : ongoing disputes over its india power plant project , its broadband business and money owed for power sold in california . coale said she is concerned about further hits to enron ' s balance sheet that could lower its credit rating , which is currently of investment - grade quality . but she also said pending assets sales may reduce or eliminate any balance sheet problems , she said . three separate deals to sell international assets for almost $ 900 million are slated to close this year . and earlier this month , enron announced a deal to sell power utility portland general electric for almost $ 1 . 9 billion , which includes $ 1 . 55 billion in cash . the buyer is also to assume about $ 1 . 1 billion in debt . other asset sales are in the works . enron stressed it ' s committed to keeping its investment - grade rating . after enron ' s earnings were released , standard & poor ' s affirmed its ratings for enron , while fitch also said it expects no change in its credit ratings . however , moody ' s investors service put all enron ' s long - term debt obligations on review for potential downgrade . moody ' s did say the portland general sale " will go a long way to help restore enron ' s balance sheet , " but noted it still requires regulatory approval and is likely to take up to a year to complete . mark to market : a defiant spring in their steps by jim murphy 10 / 17 / 2001 capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a dow jones newswires column new york - ( dow jones ) - insouciance is the word i ' m looking for . of late , wall street seems insouciant , intent on keeping the sunny side up , maintaining its cheer in the face of bad news . tuesday , on the earnings front , there was plenty of bad news - before stock markets opened , while they were open and after they closed . for example , more than two hours before the nyse opened , enron corp . reported its largest quarterly loss ever . but its shares closed with a gain of 67 cents . on the other hand , enron shares dropped 7 % on monday , which again raises a question never far from the minds of those who follow wall street : what did whoever know and when did they know it ? which is the interrogatory form of " some pigs are more equal than others . " after the bell tuesday , ibm reported that third - quarter earnings fell 19 % on a 6 % decline in sales . no matter . in after - hours trading , in less than two hours after the news , ibm shares had gained almost $ 4 . 00 each . all the major stock indexes closed higher tuesday , with one of the most inclusive of all , the russell 2000 , rising 1 . 03 % . corporate earnings releases wednesday will be even heavier than on tuesday . many of them will contain bad news . until , however , we see evidence indicating otherwise , bet on wall street again to respond with insouciance . not incidentally , economists , analysts , and the financial media all are alike in how we handle a stock ' s response to bad news . to wit and for example : " enron shares shrugged off an abysmal earnings report tuesday to post a modest gain of 67 cents each . . . " or , " enron shares were toiletized tuesday after the company reported its greatest quarterly loss ever . . . " in fact , in both cases , we know only that b followed a . we don ' t know , and never can know , the relationship between event a and event b . whatever the relationship ( s ) , it isn ' t obvious , nor can it be obtained by interviewing oneself . big al , plus two nominees to his committee everyone is waiting for uncle al , the markets ' pal , to testify on capitol hill at 10 a . m . edt ( 1400 gmt ) . fed chairman greenspan will then tell the joint economic committee of congress all he deems it appropriate for the public to hear on monetary policy and the u . s . economy , post - sept . 11 . meantime , professional fed watchers , who are far fewer in number than amateur greenspan watchers , will be paying close attention , beginning at 9 : 30 a . m . edt ( 1330 gmt ) , to a session of the senate banking committee . the panel is holding confirmation hearings for the first two of president george w . bush ' s nominations for federal reserve governor . fed governors are voting members of the rate - setting fomc . are these two people , both with backgrounds in commercial banking , interest - rate hawks or doves or somewhere in between ? that is to say : are they or are they not preemptive inflation fighters ? one of the two , susan bies , is executive vice president of first tennessee national corp . the other , mark olson , was once the chief executive of a bank in fergus falls , minn . , which i would guess is a hometown bank . in 1986 - 87 , olson was president of the american bankers association . he was also , get this , a staff member of the senate banking committee , which , by golly , is the committee holding the confirmation hearings . of course , we have no way of knowing whether familiarity bred contempt . whether , for example , olson became notorious among staffers for not making a fresh pot of coffee after he helped himself to the last cup in the old pot . both bies and olson must be confirmed by the full senate . fifth third the name is bizarre , but the explanation is pedestrian . early in the previous century , fifth bank and third bank merged to become fifth third bank . perhaps the ceos at the time both had tin ears . or perhaps each wanted the name of his bank to survive the marriage . thanks for the answer to todd , brian , david and david . in tuesday afternoon ' s column , i wondered about the genesis of a whacky name like fifth third bancorp . and , as brian notes , " god help us all if they merge with second national bank and then fourth national bank . " operator : " second third fourth fifth bancorp . can i hep yew ? " ( jim murphy can be reached at ( 201 ) 938 - 2145 or jim . murphy @ dowjones . com ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . lex column - enron lex column . 10 / 17 / 2001 financial times ( u . k . edition ) ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron enron has entered a new phase in its development : rebuilding credibility . concerns about california , india etc have not gone away , but efforts to improve transparency in its financial reporting constitute a real improvement . the momentum of the core wholesale energy trading and marketing business is undiminished and recurring net income growth of 35 per cent , before charges , is impressive . but short - term distractions do not make it easy to focus on the long - term growth story . attention to the balance sheet is welcome - but the charges are not insubstantial . the charge for asset impairments at azurix is hardly surprising given the state of the business . the $ 180 m for restructuring broadband services comes on top of another $ 80 m of losses in the quarter . cutting broadband down to a sensible size is proving expensive . the $ 544 m for losses associated with " certain other investments " ( half relating to new power ) is not the end of the story , not least because broadband investments are still valued at some $ 600 m . still , asset sales should reduce debt from 50 per cent of total capital at the end of this year to a more comfortable 40 per cent at the end of 2002 . enron ' s ventures outside energy trading have not been roaring successes . the long - term potential lies in convincing investors that the earnings growth in the core business is real and sustainable . the multiple of 16 times 2002 earnings still suggests that the market is not giving enron full credit for the prospect of 20 per cent annual earnings growth next year and beyond . given the noise , that is unsurprising . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial internet tax ban extended 10 / 17 / 2001 the washington post final eo 2 copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved earnings bank one reported its strongest quarterly results since pulling out of a deep slump this year , posting a 30 percent increase in profits as aggressive cost cutting continued to pay off . net earnings for the third quarter were $ 754 million , up from $ 581 million a year earlier . cargill of wayzata , minn . , the largest u . s . agricultural company , said its fiscal first - quarter profit rose to $ 288 million , from $ 172 million in the year - earlier period . caterpillar , the largest maker of earth - moving equipment , said third - quarter earnings fell 5 . 1 percent , to $ 205 million . duke energy , the nation ' s largest utility company , said third - quarter net income rose to $ 796 million , from $ 770 million a year earlier . revenue rose 6 . 6 percent , to $ 16 . 7 billion . enron , the nation ' s largest energy trader , reported a $ 638 million third - quarter loss , citing $ 1 . 01 billion in one - time charges . in the third quarter of 2000 , enron earned $ 292 million . the write - offs included $ 544 million in investment losses , $ 287 million for asset impairment and $ 180 million to restructure its high - speed internet venture . ibm said third - quarter profit fell 19 percent as orders for corporate servers and semiconductors declined . net income dropped to $ 1 . 60 billion , from $ 1 . 96 billion in the year - earlier period , the company said in a statement . sales were lower than expected , falling 6 . 2 percent , to $ 20 . 4 billion from $ 21 . 8 billion . johnson & johnson said third - quarter profit rose 17 . 8 percent , to $ 1 . 5 billion . the maker of health - care products said worldwide sales climbed 10 . 8 percent , to $ 8 . 2 billion . knight ridder ' s profit plunged 27 percent in the third quarter as the sept . 11 attacks led to a steep drop - off in newspaper advertising and higher costs associated with increasing news coverage . the nation ' s second - largest newspaper publisher reported net income of $ 55 . 7 million for the three - month period ended sept . 30 , compared with $ 76 . 1 million in the same period a year ago . charles schwab posted earnings of $ 81 million in the third quarter , a 51 percent drop from a year earlier , as the four - day market shutdown after sept . 11 and a decline in trading sliced commissions at the discount broker . wells fargo , the fifth - largest u . s . bank , said third - quarter profit rose 42 percent , to $ 1 . 16 billion , from $ 816 million for the same period a year ago . compiled from reports by the associated press , bloomberg news , dow jones news service and washington post staff writers http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . report on business : the wall street journal what ' s news united states wall street journal 10 / 17 / 2001 the globe and mail metro bl 0 " all material copyright ( c ) bell globemedia publishing inc . and its licensors . all rights reserved . " enron corp . surprised investors yesterday with a $ 1 . 01 - billion ( u . s . ) after - tax charge mostly connected with writedowns of impaired assets and soured investments , producing a $ 618 - million third - quarter loss , its worst quarter ever . the loss highlights the risks the onetime high flier has taken in transforming from a pipeline company into a behemoth that trades everything from electricity to weather futures . in all , enron posted a third - quarter loss of 84 cents a share , compared with a gain of 34 cents a share in the year - earlier period . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron corp . reiterated ` strong buy ' at first albany 2001 - 10 - 17 07 : 32 ( new york ) princeton , new jersey , oct . 17 ( bloomberg data ) - - enron corp . ( ene us ) was reiterated ` ` strong buy ' ' by analyst robert l . christensen jr at first albany corp . the price target is $ 80 . 00 per share . brazil energy rules deter investment as shortages choke economy 2001 - 10 - 17 08 : 10 ( new york ) brazil energy rules deter investment as shortages choke economy sao paulo , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . built a 400 million - reais ( $ 145 million ) electricity plant in brazil expecting to sell power to factories that face their biggest energy shortage in more than 50 years . it didn ' t work out . government subsidies on existing power - supply contracts led companies to cut output as much as 20 percent rather than seek alternative supplies . the enron plant , fired up for an opening ceremony sept . 24 , lies idle . ` ` we need prices that reflect the cost of generating energy , ' ' said orlando gonzalez , president of enron america do sul ltda . , the brazilian unit of the largest energy trader . the obstacles faced by enron and other utilities mean brazil ' s power industry is unlikely to get the estimated $ 3 . 6 billion annual investment it needs to meet growing energy demand . the country needs to add 6 , 000 megawatts of capacity every year to avoid rationing that has forced companies such as alcoa inc . , an aluminum maker , to cut energy use 20 percent since june . brazil ' s energy policy ` ` is bad because it doesn ' t create incentives for companies to build plants , ' ' said eduardo bernini , president of the brazilian unit of electricidade de portugal sa , portugal ' s biggest power company . the energy shortage , the result of inadequate investment in new power plants combined with a drought that has reduced hydroelectric output , caused the government to ration supplies to companies and also to about two - thirds of brazil ' s 170 million population . this , combined with higher interest rates and a currency that has lost almost a third of its value against the dollar this year , will cut 2001 economic growth to about 1 . 6 percent from the 4 . 5 percent forecast in january , according to economists ' estimates . el paso plant enron isn ' t alone in being unable to sell its power . houston - based el paso corp . , the largest u . s . natural gas pipeline owner , may have to idle a 870 - megawatt thermoelectric plant in macae , rio de janeiro state , when it opens nov . 7 . el paso , which spent $ 500 million on the plant , says it has no buyers for the electricity . some investment already has been delayed . enron couldn ' t raise $ 600 million in loans to build a second gas - fired plant near rio de janeiro , gonzalez said . aes corp . , a u . s . power producer with business in 27 countries , has failed to obtain $ 1 . 5 billion in financing for three gas - fired plants the company plans to build in brazil , said luiz david travesso , president of the utility ' s brazilian unit . brazilian companies buy most of their energy through long - term contracts with former state - owned generators and distributors at prices that are subsidized by the government . on average , they pay about 40 percent less than it costs to produce energy , said electricidade de portugal ' s bernini . subsidies at risk if companies enter additional long - term contracts to acquire electricity they lose the subsidies on their existing contracts , with the result that the cost of all their energy purchases rise . brazil ' s spot electricity market , created two years ago to enable manufacturers to cover additional energy needs without signing long - term contracts , doesn ' t provide an alternative , said enron ' s gonzalez . enron abandoned plans to sell energy from its new plant through the spot market because there were no guarantees it would be paid , he said . the ` ` market isn ' t clearing trading , so you don ' t receive money , ' ' said gonzalez . ` ` we cannot run the plant without cash . ' ' some companies that sold electricity through the market haven ' t paid . tradener comercializacao de energia , controlled by cia . paranaense de energia , brazil ' s second - biggest integrated utility , has been waiting since april to receive 96 million reais from energy sales , said walfrido victorino avila , chief executive of the electricity trading company . unpaid bill centrais eletricas brasileiras sa , the country ' s largest power generator , hasn ' t paid for electricity purchased through the spot market last year . a spokesman at the company , which needed the electricity to cover contracts after construction of its angra 2 nuclear plant was delayed , said the account will be settled . from the consumers ' point of view , prices on the spot market are prohibitively high , said analysts . prices are established by a formula that takes into account water levels in reservoirs of hydroelectric plants , which represent 84 percent of brazil ' s generating capacity . lower water levels mean higher prices for electricity on the spot market . a drought , which has reduced water levels to the lowest in nearly 70 years , has caused the market price to soar to three times what companies pay under long - term contracts , said marcos severine , a power utility analyst at banco sudameris sa ' s brokerage in sao paulo . brazil ' s government has appointed new management to sort out the spot market ' s problems . it has also set up a committee led by francisco gros , president of brazil ' s national development bank , to draw up rules to encourage investment in new generating capacity . utilities are optimistic solutions will be found . ` ` we believe the government is working toward solving the energy problems brazil is facing at the moment , ' ' said enron ' s gonzalez . in the meantime , generators that may help relieve brazil ' s energy crisis stand idle . former montana governor named u . s . envoy in lumber dispute by christopher thorne associated press writer 10 / 16 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . washington ( ap ) - president bush named former montana gov . marc racicot on tuesday as a special envoy to try to broker a settlement in a long - running lumber dispute with canada . u . s . trade representative robert zoellick and commerce secretary donald evans cited racicot ' s familiarity with the timber industry and public forests as reasons for his appointment . " this dispute has endured for decades , and it is our hope that , with the governor ' s help , we can achieve a lasting market - based solution , " evans said . racicot said in a statement that he was honored and " committed to identifying a fair and lasting solution . " the appointment comes at a critical time in the slow - moving negotiations with canada . in two weeks , the commerce department is expected to announce its decision on whether canadian companies " dump " softwood lumber on u . s . markets at artificially low prices . in a preliminary decision issued in august , the department said too - low canadian fees give canada ' s lumber industry an unfair advantage and suggested a 19 percent tariff on canadian lumber . softwood lumber is used in framing houses . the u . s . homebuilding industry has said a 19 percent tariff would hurt american consumers by adding up to $ 1 , 000 to the cost of building a home , but the u . s . lumber industry says the levy is needed to save jobs . trade representatives have met in long , private sessions in washington and ottawa in the last six weeks without agreement . rodney moore , a spokesman for the canadian embassy , welcomed racicot ' s appointment . " it indicates to us the high level of importance that the bush administration places on the softwood lumber trade , " he said . racicot , a republican , was barred by term limits from seeking a third term as montana ' s governor last year . he gained national attention as a spokesman for bush during the recount in florida and was considered for attorney general but took himself out of the running . he also was discussed as a potential opponent to sen . max baucus , d - mont . , who is up for re - election in 2002 , but said in february he would not run for office again . racicot ( pronounced rahs ' - koh ) works as a partner in the washington office of bracewell & patterson , a texas law firm that counts the huge energy company enron among its clients . - - - on the net : u . s . international trade commission : http : / / www . usitc . gov / department of commerce : http : / / www . doc . gov / copyright ? 2000 dow jones $ 287 million for asset impairments by its azurix corp . division , which owns , operates and manages water and wastewater systems ; and $ 180 million to restructure its high - speed internet venture . " after a thorough review of our businesses , we have decided to take these charges to clear away issues that have clouded the performance and earnings potential of our core energy businesses , " said kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive officer . in august , president and chief executive jeffrey skilling unexpectly resigned , citing family reasons , and his duties were taken over by lay . enron ' s stock had tumbled to a 52 - week low as company proclamations that it remains on solid footing were met with skepticism on wall street . lay said tuesday earnings from its ongoing energy and gas pipeline businesses were strong . " the continued excellent prospects in these businesses and enron ' s leading market position make us very confident in our strong earnings outlook , " he said . for the first nine months of the year , enron earned $ 211 million , or 19 cents a share , down from $ 919 million , or $ 1 . 07 a share , a year ago . revenue for the nine months climbed to $ 139 . 6 billion from $ 60 . 4 billion a year ago . in trading tuesday on the new york stock exchange , enron shares rose 67 cents to $ 33 . 84 . - - - on the net : enron site : http : / / www . enron . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron long - term debt ratings on review for possible downgrade - moody ' s 10 / 16 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - moody ' s investors service said it placed all the long - term debt obligations of enron corp on review for downgrade following the announcement by the company of significant write - downs and charges , reflecting substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . these actions affect enron ' s broadband operations , its merchant portfolio and the azurix water company holdings . in a statement , moody ' s , however , has confirmed the company ' s prime - 2 rating for commercial paper . the ratings agency has previously commented on the challenges impacting a number of enron ' s businesses but the magnitude of the announced charges will reduce the company ' s equity base and increase nominal financial leverage to somewhat over 50 . 0 pct while materially impacting earnings . in its review , moody ' s will focus on enron ' s strategic direction and in particular on the earnings and cash flow outlook for its core gas and power wholesale businesses . gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron - chmn . & ceo rhonda schaffler 10 / 16 / 2001 cnnfn : market coverage - morning ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved . rhonda schaffler , cnnfn anchor , market call : enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) out with its third - quarter results this morning . the energy trader earning 43 cents a share , that takes out items . it was in - line with estimates . and 9 cents better than a year ago . enron expects to earn 45 cents per share in q 4 , that ` s slightly below wall street ` s forecast . it says earnings for this year and next per share earnings are on track to beat expectations . shares of enron have fallen from the highs in the 80 s , bouncing off a low of 24 , trading around the 30 s . joining us from houston , texas , to talk about the latest quarter and what ` s next , kenneth lay , chairman and ceo at enron . thanks for joining us . good to have you back on cnnfn . kenneth lay , chmn . & ceo , enron : it ` s nice to be on cnnfn , thank you . schaffler : i guess we should ask for an explanation first because there were some charges in this earnings report that wall street ` s still trying to get a handle on . explain to us why the charges were made and how that ` s impacting most importantly , fourth quarter . lay : well , first of all , as to the charges , they related primarily to the zurich ` s water business , our broadband business , and the new power company where we have investments and assets and those businesses . and we try to clean all those up in this quarter since they seemed to be providing quite a bit of distraction to the real quality and strong growth of our core businesses . schaffler : and let ` s talk about the core businesses going forward , because for so long we talked about the broadband component of the business . what ` s key now ? what ` s most important ? what ` s driving future growth ? lay : well , primarily our wholesale business , which is growing very strong , in this most recent quarter , our physical volume deliveries in our wholesale business was up about 65 percent . our earnings were up about 35 percent . strong growth in our retail business we ` re - in fact , we ` re the only company providing nationwide energy services . and again , that had a strong quarter also , adding about 12 , 000 new customers . we currently have about 40 , 000 facilities where we manage the energy activity for these customers and about 4 billion square feet of space . and then , of course , finally , our pipeline group , which is always just really strong and can get cash flow and earnings . schaffler : you have not held your position for that long . there has been a change at enron that occurred over the summer . what ` s been the toughest challenge for you as you sit down and try to figure out which way the company ` s heading next ? lay : well , rhonda , as you know , i held this position for over 15 years before jeff skilling became ceo in february this year . so i ` m basically just kind of reassuming that position when jeff decided he had to leave for personal and family reasons . so i really have not been out of this chair very long . but i think the main thing is just to continue to grow these very solid , core businesses which in the third quarter this year provided about 35 percent increase in net income , to about $ 400 million and about 26 percent increase in earnings per share . and you ` re right , i mean , we reconfirmed our earnings for 19 - or 2001 at $ 1 . 80 , which is what the street expects , and 2 . 15 for next year . so it will be one more year of about 20 percent growth in earnings per share . and we ` ve been doing that for the last three or four years . schaffler : it ` s decent growth , especially at a time when the economy , the experts tell us , is in recession , any worries on your part ? lay : not really , i ` d like to see a stronger economy . and certainly i believe the fiscal stimulus package you just discussed on your program is part of that . but by the same token , we find that we could continue to perform at very strong rates even in this somewhat slower economy that we experience right now . schaffler : and very quickly , because we ` re almost out of time , any prediction on the energy markets going forward , it is a tough business when we talk about commodities ? lay : well , i think they ` ll probably continue to be volatile , just like they have been . certainly the winter weather will determine in large part what happens to natural gas prices here over the next couple of months . beyond that , of course , we ` ve got a very soft economy worldwide , which is really impacting the oil markets . so i expect it will remain a little sluggish for a while unless we have a major supply interruption . schaffler : kenneth lay , chairman and ceo at enron , great to have you back on , good to see you again . lay : thank you , rhonda . schaffler : congrats on the quarter . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron ceo - interview neil cavuto 10 / 16 / 2001 fox news : your world ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved . neil cavuto , host : tell me what you think is wrong with this picture : bombs dropping , oil prices dropping . the oil prices dropping part is the strange thing . true enough , but in case you ` re thinking things stay that way , the chairman of energy giant enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) has a warning for you : don ` t necessarily count on it . i caught up with kenneth lay earlier today and got his take on where we go from here . ( begin videotape ) kenneth lay , chairman & ceo , enron : well , i think what ` s primarily happening there , of course , is the economy . i mean , the economy worldwide - - the worldwide economy is so weak that we ` re seeing demand off quite a bit , and of course , in the u . s . you ` re seeing a lot less travel by , probably the u . s . and elsewhere , but a lot less travel . so i think unless you have an interruption or a major curtailment by the opec producers oil prices could stay kind of soft for a while . cavuto : so you don ` t see that curtailment happening , or even , for example , something more orchestrated , like a production cut ? lay : no , i think that could happen , but i think it would take something like that to turn it around just because of the demand situation . cavuto : do you find it , though , surprising , before we get to your earnings , that this is happening as bombs are falling over there ? normally just the opposite occurs . lay : yeah , but the bombs thus far are not calling where the oil is . now , that would change it enormously if the bombs started falling somewhere close to some major production . cavuto : all right . let ` s talk a little bit about , you know , you beat street estimates , some of these numbers . you managed a rebound in your stock from where we were when jeff skilling left . but there are a lot of concerns out there as to whether you ever revisit those heady days of 84 , 85 dollars a share . what say you ? lay : well , i think we will , but it ` ll take a little bit of time . i mean , i think , at the same token that we may not see 80 to 90 dollar prices for a while , i think by most valuation techniques , why , we ` re certainly still worth a lot more than 33 , 34 dollars when we have the kind of strong earnings growth we ` ve been demonstrating in our core businesses cavuto : does it bug you , ken , that no one makes a big deal of it when your stock is in the dumper , but everyone was coming after you and demanding energy roll - backs and that sort of thing when you were sky - high ? lay : that ` s true . of course , i guess you ` re speaking primarily on the california situation . cavuto : right . lay : and certainly , our shareholders - - and enron , too - - would have been a lot better off had the california situation never occurred . and we did our best to try to help them solve that problem , but at least back in the early days of the problem , why , there didn ` t seem much interest in trying to solve it . they just wanted to find somebody to blame it on . cavuto : you know , a lot of the power trading activity in this country was cut off right after the september 11 th attacks . i don ` t remember , in the case of enron , for how long . but can you update us on that ? lay : well , as a matter of fact , we did close down early on september 11 th , but our people were back working the next morning at 7 o ` clock . i think , that first day , we only stayed in business or at least kept enron online and in business for about half a day , but by the day after that , we were back into full business . and so we - - we ` ve really had very little interruption because of september the 11 th . cavuto : now , i know you ` re very close to the bush administration and to the president bush himself , and the president , of course , is trying to sell the american people on the notion that this could be a multi - year effort . is the corporate community on board with that ? lay : oh , i think we are . i think right now virtually all americans are on board for that . and i think the main reason is that we understand the alternative . i mean , we just cannot continue to live in fear of these terrorist attacks . cavuto : but do you worry that as a major oil player yourself that the boomerang , at least from the middle east , is on you guys , that you look to be in the hip pocket of the administration , so bash those guys , penalize those guys , make life difficult for those guys ? lay : there may be some of that , but certainly we don ` t see that having any - - any adverse impact on our businesses , and as you know , neil , we ` re much , much larger in natural gas and electricity in europe and north america than we are oil out of the middle east . cavuto : and we should stress that with the 6 percent increase in natural gas bonds , a 77 percent surge in power lines , this is a very different story . having said that , though , the recession word is constantly banded about . it ` s something that stays with us a while . what do you say ? lay : i - - i think we ` ll come out of it next year . i can ` t say if it ` s going to be the second quarter or their quarter or maybe even fourth quarter , although i ` d probably pick one of the earlier quarters versus the later quarters . but again , we - - we ` ve shown , this most recent quarter , where the economy was very soft , gas and electricity prices were pretty low , that , in fact , we can still make very good money even in a slow economy . cavuto : all right . now , when jeff skilling left after only six months on the job as your president and ceo , your ( unintelligible ) successor , they brought you back . as i was joking before we came on here , bring back yoda . but there ` s a concern that there isn ` t much depth after you , ken . i don ` t mean to besmirch your lieutenants . but there is a concern that after you it is slim pickings . how can you assure wall street that ` s not the case ? lay : well , it ` s really quite the contrary . i will say , neil , that i have the strongest management team now than i ` ve ever had at enron , and i ` ve had some pretty strong teams , as you know . going back over 15 years , i ` ve never had the bench strength or depth that i have right now . ( end videotape ) cavuto : all right . kenneth lay of enron . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron corp . chmn . & ceo - interview bob pisanti ( ? ) 10 / 16 / 2001 cnbc / dow jones business video ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved . bob pisanti , cnbc anchor , market watch : lets take a look at shares of energy trader enron . they were trading lower the last i checked . let ` s see what it is . yes , off $ 0 . 18 . but you could see it was higher early going but then sold off at $ 32 . 91 now . profits for the third quarter came in before the bell , $ 0 . 43 a share . that was in line with estimates . as of this morning , there were 18 analysts covering it . thirteen say it ` s a " strong buy , " three a " moderate buy , " two a " hold . " nobody is selling it . and joining us now from his company headquarters in houston is kenneth lay . he ` s chairman and ceo of enron . good morning , sir . kenneth lay , chairman & ceo , enron corp . : good morning , bob . pisanti : tell me what your feel is on the numbers . you sold off a little bit today and there is also something i want that get to regarding , from moody ` s . but what ` s your feel of the lay of the land , if you will ? lay : well , first of all , we had a very strong third quarter . our overall net income was up about 35 percent , so just a little bit less than $ 400 million after tax . our earnings per share were up about 26 percent . of course right on the street ` s expectations . we had very strong growth in volumes , about 65 percent . our retail business showed a very strong quarter with income before interest and taxes up about three and a half fold . so we had a good strong quarter . now , we did take some write - offs to kind of clean up some balance sheet items and i am sure that that ` s being evaluated . but overall we ` re very pleased with it , particularly given the current economy . kpisanti : tell me about , for folks that aren ` t familiar with it , you trade energy , explain how that works . lay : well , basically we buy and sell energy but it ` s even more than that , bob . we buy and sell natural gas and electricity primarily , but we also arrange physical delivery of the product . so it ` s not just a matter of making markets in the commodity , but it ` s also delivering the commodity to the wholesale or retail customer . and , of course , we also provide risk management services . we provide long term contracts . we have a lot of structured financings that we provide for our customers . so it ` s really kind of a whole portfolio of services , energy services and financial services , that we provide for our customers . pisanti : your stock has been higher over the past 12 months . it is trading closer to its lows . is there a reflection there as far as what has gone on with the california market ? lay : well , i think the california market and all of the noise or publicity that came out of that certainly didn ` t help us at all . probably also broadband . we have a fairly significant broad - - we had a fairly significant broadband activity where we had a lot of value in the stock was attributed to that . and i think you and everybody else knows what ` s happened to the broadband business this year . but certainly all the negative comments out in california didn ` t help us . now that problem is beginning to work itself out and , indeed , we think it will work itself out over the next few months . pisanti : now moody ` s this morning is placing your long term debt obligations on review for downgrade . they ` re concerned about a number of things . without going into a great deal of detail , i think they are basically concerned , number one , the exposure to the california energy market , as well as some of the areas where maybe it ` s not as energy focused and you ` re getting into some areas maybe it ` s not your expertise . what ` s your response to them ? lay : well , i think first of all , as far as california , we think we ` re more than adequately reserved for california . as i said , the regulatory decisions out in california as well as washington are beginning to kind of solve that problem . so i think that problem will be resolved fairly soon . now , let me say moody ` s did , in fact , put us on review , but also standard & poor ` s and fitch did not . they ` ve maintained the credit ratings right where they are and said stable outlook . so you have some disagreement here among the rating agencies . but i think even the moody ` s pointed out that with the closing of our portland general transaction , our balance sheet will be back even in stronger shape than it is , or was before the write - offs . pisanti : how does the next year look for you , sir ? lay : next year looks good . we did reconfirm in our earnings release this morning that we expect to hit the fourth quarter numbers that we have been projecting and $ 1 . 80 for this year and $ 2 . 15 next year . so , again , about another 20 percent growth in earnings per share for next year . pisanti : well , good luck to you , sir . lay : thank you very much . pisanti : thanks for being with us . this is ken lay . he ` s chairman and ceo of enron . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 20 / 01 enron warns of problems eroding profit the wall street journal , 11 / 20 / 01 front page - companies & markets - wall st worries over enron deal . financial times , 11 / 20 / 01 enron drops earnings for 3 rd quarter $ 690 million dept comes due for downgrade firm houston chronicle , 11 / 20 / 01 bankers concerned dynergy may abandon enron deal - report afx news , 11 / 20 / 01 in brief / energy enron may be forced to settle $ 690 - million debt los angeles times , 11 / 20 / 01 in brief / accounting arthur andersen probe requested los angeles times , 11 / 20 / 01 u . s . official calls for probe of andersen , 2 problem audits the wall street journal europe , 11 / 20 / 01 career journal : the jungle the wall street journal , 11 / 20 / 01 in new filing , enron reports debt squeeze the new york times , 11 / 20 / 01 decision to locate conocophillips in houston enhances world ' s energy capital associated press newswires , 11 / 20 / 01 companies toils to restructure $ 690 m payment the canadian press , 11 / 19 / 01 enron restates third - quarter earnings associated press newswires , 11 / 19 / 01 usa : enron sounds debt alarm , reduces reported earnings . reuters english news service , 11 / 19 / 01 enron warns that raft of problems may hurt its fourth - quarter profit dow jones business news , 11 / 19 / 01 enron files 10 - q for 3 q with sec dow jones news service , 11 / 19 / 01 fears mount over enron / dynasty deal cnnfn : markets impact , 11 / 19 / 01 enron reduces earnings , warns $ 690 mln payment due ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 19 / 01 chevrontexaco sees investor suits as threat to enron ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 19 / 01 enron says it may have to pay off $ 690 mln note next week bloomberg , 11 / 19 / 01 enron ' s azurix may have to sell assets if it can ' t borrow bloomberg , 11 / 19 / 01 u . s . ' s dingell seeks probe of arthur andersen , dow jones says bloomberg , 11 / 19 / 01 enron restates q 3 results cbs . marketwatch . com , 11 / 19 / 01 enron warns of problems eroding profit by rebecca smith staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 20 / 2001 the wall street journal bl 6 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . warned that continuing credit worries , a decline in the value of some of its assets and reduced trading activity could hurt its fourth - quarter earnings . the energy company said it may be forced to take a $ 700 million pretax hit to earnings due to a plunge in the value of assets held by one of its investment partnerships . the partnership , whitewing llp , held assets with a book value of $ 4 . 7 billion on nov . 16 but a drop in the value of enron stock held by the partnership could result in a derivative loss of $ 700 million , the company said . in addition , enron , houston , said it may have to come up with more money to honor a collateral call on a $ 690 million note . that note became a " demand obligation , " on nov . 12 , when enron ' s credit rating got lowered to triple - b - minus by standard & poor ' s . the company didn ' t disclose who holds the note . " we ' ve got nine days to either repay the note or post a letter of credit or they can start liquidating assets , " said company spokesman mark palmer . one of the assets includes c . e . g . rio , a gas distribution company in brazil that enron already is in the process of selling and whose proceeds it had intended to use for other forms of debt reduction . the company said it is trying to negotiate a waiver or extension of the credit provision with lenders to preserve its cash . enron has set up a number of partnerships over the years to hedge investment risks and , in some cases , to keep debt off its balance sheet . in the wake of a securities and exchange commission formal probe into its accounting and disclosure practices launched oct . 31 , the company restated its earnings downward dating back to 1997 and has consolidated some debt back onto its balance sheet . the company on nov . 9 agreed to merge with competitor dynegy inc . but its latest sec filing said it was sued by shareholders on nov . 12 in state court in houston to prevent the merger from happening . the petition alleges that enron ' s directors breached their fiduciary duties to enron ' s shareholders by agreeing to sell enron for inadequate consideration and without an adequate investigation of the alternatives available to enron . enron said it would vigorously defend itself . yesterday ' s filing included numerous changes in previously reported numbers for revenues and expenses . in its original third - quarter statement , the company reported a loss of $ 618 million . the stated loss was increased to $ 635 million last week and in the latest filing , the loss for the quarter ended sept . 30 was widened to $ 664 million . enron added that the numbers contained in latest filing aren ' t necessarily final because its external auditor , arthur andersen , hasn ' t completed its review , nor has an internal audit committee finished reviewing the firm ' s accounting practices . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . front page - companies & markets - wall st worries over enron deal . by andrew balls , andrew hill and gary silverman . 11 / 20 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved senior wall street bankers are concerned that dynegy could walk away from its proposed $ 9 . 8 bn ( # 6 . 8 bn ) rescue bid for its rival energy group enron - a move that would have severe repercussions for the energy trading sector and financial markets . in a series of interviews with the financial times , bankers expressed worries that while credit rating agencies had been assured that it was extremely difficult for dynegy to pull out , some of the company ' s shareholders were under the impression that the " material adverse change " clause could be triggered . " there is no way you can say that this deal is definitely going to happen , or even likely to happen , " one banker said . " and the knock on effects of it not going ahead are not good , " he added . none of the bankers would agree to be publicly identified . the possibility of dynegy dropping out of the deal was discussed when senior bankers from jp morgan chase and citigroup , which are advising enron , met with officials from moody ' s , the credit rating agencies , 10 days ago . the rating agency expressed concerns that it would be too easy for dynegy to give up its bid , further undermining enron ' s creditworthiness . moody ' s decision to preserve enron ' s investment grade rating was one of the main reasons why dynegy was able to go ahead with its rescue bid . in justifying the all - stock bid , chuck watson , chairman of dynegy , said last week that buying the company for a low price - a fraction of enron ' s market capitalisation at its peak in 2000 - was a major protection against failure . but he admitted that much of the last round of negotiations with moody ' s had been spent reassuring them that the material adverse change clauses in the merger agreement were not too loose . according to dynegy , the material adverse change clauses relate to the outcome of a securities and exchange commission inquiry into enron ' s finances , possible litigation against the energy company , balance sheet strength and earnings forecasts . www . ft . com / enron . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron drops earnings for 3 rd quarter $ 690 million debt comes due for downgraded firm by tom fowler copyright 2001 houston chronicle enron corp . ' s financial well - being continues to be a moving target as the company made more adjustments to its earnings monday . in a securities and exchange commission filing , enron said it reduced third - quarter earnings by 3 cents per share and increased earnings for the first nine months of 2001 by 1 cent to reflect recently discovered accounting errors . the company also said that its recent credit rating drop may force it to pay off a $ 690 million note by nov . 27 if it doesn ' t find collateral to guarantee the debt . the revelations came in the embattled energy trader ' s 10 - q document , which companies must file every quarter with details of their earnings and balance sheet . enron delayed releasing the 10 - q by five days and said the filing made monday had not been fully audited by its accounting firm , andersen , because of an ongoing investigation by the company ' s board of directors and the need for more time . " we are continuing to review the transactions in question and are making progress with our investigation , " said william k . powers jr . , chairman of enron ' s special investigation committee and dean of the university of texas school of law . enron ' s pending $ 690 million iou is related to a limited partnership to buy natural gas assets in brazil . one of the terms of the partnership requires enron to repay the debt if its credit rating slips to bbb - on rating agency standard & poor ' s scale , which it did nov . 12 . if enron doesn ' t put up collateral equal to the amount of the note or repay it , the other partners in the deal can sell off the partnership ' s assets . enron officials said in the filing they are working with lenders to come up with an acceptable agreement on the debt . if enron ' s debt rating continues to drop , which would put it below investment grade , the company would face another $ 3 . 9 billion in debt repayments , the company said in the filing , mainly by two other partnerships formed in recent years : $ 2 . 4 billion owed by osprey trust and $ 915 million by marlin water trust . enron is under a negative review by most rating agencies , but a cash infusion from dynegy combined with additional lines of credit from a number of investment banks and a possible $ 500 million to $ 1 billion equity investment by other investors is expected to keep the ratings afloat . the turmoil around enron ' s finances started after oct . 16 , when steep losses in its third - quarter earnings drew renewed attention to a pair of investment partnerships created by the former chief financial officer with the approval of the company ' s board of directors . the ljm partnerships were formed using enron equity and outside capital as a way to hedge against the risks involved in some of the company ' s new lines of business and were designed to help the company grow quickly without adding too much debt to its books or diluting the value of the company ' s stock . the cfo ' s dual roles as a company executive and managing director of the entities prompted an sec investigation as well as an internal enron investigation that led the company to cut its earnings over the past 4 1 / 2 years by nearly $ 600 million . those problems shook investor and trading partner confidence in enron , which led to a sharp drop in its stock price and cuts in its credit rating . the company eventually reached a deal with rival dynegy to be acquired for almost $ 9 billion in stock plus the assumption of almost $ 13 billion in debt and $ 2 billion in preferred stock . the fallout from enron ' s crumble is spreading to its major service providers , including andersen . that firm has been named as a defendant in at least one shareholder lawsuit , while on monday rep . john dingell , d - mich . , called for an investigation of andersen in connection with its audits of enron and houston - based waste management . " the best accounting standards in the world are meaningless if the accounting and audit processes are so inept or corrupt that they produce unreliable numbers and untruthful reporting , " dingell wrote in a letter to the public oversight board requesting the investigation . andersen , based in chicago , has a large houston office and a strong foothold in the energy industry with clients , including enron and dynegy . critics of andersen have said the firm should have done more as enron ' s auditor to draw investors ' attention to the company ' s unusual finances . a lawsuit filed in oregon alleged andersen ' s judgment was swayed by lucrative consulting fees that it received from enron while it was auditor . in june , andersen was fined $ 7 million by the sec to settle charges that it filed false and misleading audit reports of waste management , the largest civil penalty against a big five accounting firm . andersen did not admit or deny the charges . reuters news service contributed to this story . bankers concerned dynergy may abandon enron deal - report 11 / 20 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd london ( afx ) - senior wall street bankers are concerned dynergy inc could walk away from its proposed rescue bid for its rival energy group enron corp , reports the financial times without citing sources . the ft says bankers are worried the company could trigger the " material adverse change " clause in the deal . mps / mkp for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk in brief / energy enron may be forced to settle $ 690 - million debt reuters 11 / 20 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 3 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company enron corp . warned in a regulatory filing that it could be forced to pay a $ 690 - million debt by next week and reduced its already abysmal third - quarter earnings . the energy giant said a downgrading of its debt last week triggered a monday deadline for it to repay or offer collateral against the $ 690 million owed to a party in one of its partnerships . if the debt isn ' t paid , the partner could liquidate the partnership ' s assets , which include a brazilian natural gas company that enron was counting on selling to raise $ 250 million in cash . enron has already used up its $ 3 - billion credit line , secured roughly $ 2 billion in loans and is looking for more cash . the company reduced its previously reported results for the third quarter by 3 cents a share , according to its filing with the securities and exchange commission . that would put its loss at 87 cents a share . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk in brief / accounting arthur andersen probe requested reuters 11 / 20 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 3 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company a congressman has called for an investigation of big five accounting firm arthur andersen in connection with its audits of enron corp . and waste management inc . , according to a letter released monday . turning up the heat under the conflict - of - interest issue among the world ' s largest bean - counters , rep . john d . dingell ( d - mich . ) asked the public oversight board for a " review or special investigation of arthur andersen llp , " said the letter . dingell also asked the board to look into peer reviews of arthur andersen conducted in recent years by other accounting firms , including deloitte & touche , and questioned the value of a triennial peer review process in place since 1978 . arthur andersen , based in chicago , was auditor to houston energy trading giant enron , rocked in recent weeks by a securities and exchange commission probe of outside partnership deals involving company officers . enron ' s stock price has plunged , several managers have resigned and numerous shareholder lawsuits are pending . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . u . s . official calls for probe of andersen , 2 problem audits by judith burns dow jones newswires 11 / 20 / 2001 the wall street journal europe 22 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) washington - - concerned about the accounting profession ' s ability to police itself , a senior house of representatives democrat has called for a " special investigation " of arthur andersen llp and its audits of enron corp . and waste management inc . in a letter to u . s . public oversight board chairman charles bowsher released monday , rep . john dingell , a michigan democrat , requested a review of andersen ' s audits of enron and waste management , two high - profile audit failures . enron , of houston , which recently agreed to be acquired by crosstown rival dynergy inc . , acknowledged it overstated net income by $ 586 million ( 662 . 5 million euros ) and will need to restate financial reports dating back to 1997 . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is investigating enron ' s treatment of investments in limited partnerships tied to former chief financial officer andrew fastow . enron ' s problems come on the heels of another audit debacle for andersen . in june , the firm reached a $ 7 million settlement with the sec in which it neither admitted nor denied allegations of fraud in its audit of waste management . andersen and the waste hauler paid $ 220 million in 1999 to settle class - action lawsuits alleging massive accounting fraud that inflated waste management ' s reported earnings in the mid - 1990 s . in addition to the sec ' s probe of its role in the enron matter , andersen is undergoing routine peer review by deloitte & touche . dingell suggested that review may be clouded by the fact that deloitte & touche has been hired by outside lawyers representing a special committee of enron ' s board of directors . given the potential conflict of interest on the part of deloitte & touche , and andersen ' s track record , " there appears to be little reason for the public to have faith in andersen or the peer review process , " mr . dingell wrote . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . career journal : the jungle by kemba j . dunham 11 / 20 / 2001 the wall street journal bl 0 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) [ focus on retirement , pay and getting ahead ] passing up some senior executives are spurning hefty severance packages . last week , enron corp . chairman kenneth lay decided to forgo a $ 60 . 6 million severance payment that would have been triggered by dynegy inc . ' s planned acquisition of the houston energy trader . enron initially said mr . lay would keep one - third of the planned payout and take it in shares of the combined company . he later decided against any severance payment after criticism by influential energy traders , who produce most of enron ' s profits . " in this environment , we ' re seeing producers putting pressure on managers and managers putting pressure on producers to ensure that their pay is in line with their performance , " says ira kay , executive - compensation practice leader of pay - and - benefits consultants watson wyatt worldwide in new york . alan johnson , managing director of new york pay consultants johnson associates , says mr . lay ' s initial intention to accept a portion of his severance represents " the continuing trend of executives being clueless . " ( for the 12 months ended aug . 31 , mr . lay received about $ 70 million from exercising enron stock options , according to disclosure reports tracked by thomson financial . ) three top executives of us airways group inc . , including chief executive rakesh gangwal and chairman stephen wolf , passed up severance after deciding to stay at the company when a planned merger fell through . the trio stood to gain $ 45 million for resigning as a result of severance agreements triggered by shareholder approval of its now - defunct merger accord with ual corp . at us airways ' sept . 19 annual meeting , they said they would remain with the company . firm relationship new york law firm cadwalader , wickersham & taft last week rolled out an unusual formal mentoring program for first - year associates . for two hours a month for at least a year , each associate will meet with a designated mentor - - typically a midlevel associate - - to discuss issues such as career development . if the relationship doesn ' t click , new pairings will be made . cwt hires about 50 law - school graduates a year . jordan schwartz , the firm ' s hiring partner , says the initiative was sparked by a 2000 survey of midlevel associates at 165 u . s . law firms conducted by american lawyer magazine . the poll , which assesses how associates perceive they are being treated , ranked the firm last . " it wasn ' t an accurate reflection of the firm , " he says . " but it was a wake - up call . " so , cwt created an " associate task force " that identified key issues and explored ways to improve the quality of work life . the mentoring program was one result . hiring blitz despite rising joblessness , a few employers are hiring in a big way . ziprealty inc . , an online real - estate broker in richmond , calif . , recently announced plans to hire 1 , 000 real - estate agents within the next 18 months . it has about 135 agents , all of whom work from home . " we have large consumer demands right now , so we want to make sure we have great realtors , " says scott kucirek , executive vice president of people and culture . since august , ziprealty has hired nearly 30 agents a month for all its 12 markets , which include los angeles , phoenix , san diego and chicago . the company has three full - time recruiters sending e - mails and making calls to market its recruitment effort . its database contains 200 to 300 prospects . the job , which usually pays only commission , offers some perks . the company will pay new agents $ 1 , 500 a month for three months to give them time to make connections and sell a home . after that , pay will be entirely commission based . new hires also receive cellphone and car allowances . - - - e - mail comments to kemba . dunham @ wsj . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c in new filing , enron reports debt squeeze by richard a . oppel jr . and floyd norris 11 / 20 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company the enron corporation told investors yesterday that it faced debt repayments over the next year vastly in excess of its available cash . it said that if any of a number of things went wrong , its ability to continue as a going concern would be called into question . in a delayed quarterly filing with the securities and exchange commission , the company said that it would have to repay $ 690 million in debt by next tuesday if it did not come up with collateral for a loan . enron has about $ 1 . 75 billion in cash and credit lines now available but faces debt repayments and other obligations of $ 9 . 15 billion by the end of next year . the report for the third quarter , which was filed five days late , says the company faces immediate demand for $ 3 . 9 billion in debts if its credit rating is downgraded any further . enron ' s independent auditors with the firm of arthur andersen have not been able to complete their review of enron ' s financial statements for the third quarter . andersen already faces lawsuits over its audits of enron ' s books related to enron ' s disclosure this month that it had overstated almost $ 600 million in profits in the last five years . enron has said that it will restate statements that andersen certified and that those statements should no longer be relied upon . yesterday , representative john d . dingell of michigan , the ranking democrat on the house energy and commerce committee , called for an investigation into arthur andersen ' s handling of the enron audits . a spokesman for andersen could not be reached last night . enron , the nation ' s largest energy trader , has agreed to be acquired by dynegy inc . , its smaller crosstown rival in houston , and credit rating agencies have said that a failure of that deal to go through would lead to a further downgrading of enron , which is now at the lowest investment - grade rating . any downgrades could lead to a collapse of enron ' s core energy trading business , analysts say , as other energy trading companies might stop doing business with enron entirely . the dynegy deal is expected to close sometime next year , and the disclosures yesterday indicate that enron may face challenges in meeting its obligations before then , particularly if the closing of the deal is delayed . enron said it hoped to complete the transaction by the end of next september . enron is in talks to obtain $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in additional financing through an equity infusion from major banks and institutions . in addition , executives have said they are hoping to close deals to sell $ 800 million in assets by the end of the year , and perhaps a few billion dollars of assets next year . enron is also set to receive a $ 1 billion infusion from chevrontexaco , which owns a 27 percent stake in dynegy , if the deal closes next year . still , even after factoring in cash flow from enron ' s core energy - trading operations , enron could be left well short of what it needs to satisfy the huge obligations due by the end of next year - - meaning that enron will probably have to work to persuade bankers to restructure debts or extend maturities . carol coale , an analyst for prudential securities in houston , said the new disclosures indicated that enron ' s troubles had run deeper than what investors and analysts believed , even as the stock crashed early this month before the merger with dynegy was announced . ' ' our initial read was that this might have been like a run on the bank , ' ' ms . coale said . ' ' but now it sounds like enron ' s problems were actually more inherent than perceived . ' ' enron ' s deal with dynegy calls for enron holders to receive 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each enron share , but in trading since the deal was announced enron ' s share price has lagged dynegy ' s price , reflecting investor doubts that the deal will be completed at the announced terms . in new york stock exchange trading yesterday , before the enron filing was released , enron rose 6 cents , to $ 9 . 06 , and dynegy rose $ 1 . 13 , to $ 43 . 60 . at those prices , the value of the dynegy offer is 29 . 2 percent above enron ' s share price , compared with a 20 . 6 percent difference when the deal was announced . some debts that enron might have to pay quickly if its bond rating is lowered could be satisfied by selling shares , but such sales would probably reduce the stock price further . and the merger agreement with dynegy provides that the exchange ratio would be reduced if enron sold stock at prices below the implied value under the merger - - currently $ 11 . 71 an enron share . in after - hours trading yesterday , after the release of the enron filing , the share price slipped to $ 9 . enron had previously said it was reducing its profits taken in previous years by more than $ 500 million . yesterday ' s filing provided some additional details on enron ' s relationships with various related partnerships whose debts enron could be forced to pay , and it said that additional write - offs could come as early as the current quarter if it concluded that asset values in the partnerships had declined . it said that because enron ' s stock value had fallen , one write - down could be $ 700 million . the disclosures show that enron erected complicated financial structures that in some cases seem to have been meant to allow the company to avoid taking losses on assets and in other cases were aimed at keeping debts off its balance sheet . but the collapse of enron ' s stock price has both worsened the situation for some of those entities and greatly increased the cost enron would face if it needed to pay off the debts . ' ' it is not possible to predict , ' ' enron warned investors , whether its asset sales or debt refinancings would be successful . ' ' an adverse outcome with respect to any of these matters would likely have a material adverse impact on enron ' s ability to continue as a going concern . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . decision to locate conocophillips in houston enhances world ' s energy capital by pam easton associated press writer 11 / 20 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - the decision to base the oil giant created by the combination of phillips petroleum co . and conoco inc . in houston , home of the smaller conoco , helps cement the city ' s status as the nation ' s energy capital . " houston already was the energy capital of the world . this just proves it , " said mark baxter , director of the maguire energy institute at southern methodist university in dallas . " all the major players are in houston and houston can accommodate the employee growth base , " he said . " it is easier to conduct the business in the houston market because not only are all the major companies there , all the support is in houston as well . " the dlrs 15 . 6 billion deal announced sunday that would create the nation ' s third largest oil producer may mean more prestige for houston , even though the nation ' s two largest oil companies - irving - based exxonmobil and san francisco - based chevrontexaco - have their headquarters located elsewhere , each has thousands of employees working in the nation ' s fourth - largest city . it all began with the 1901 spindletop strike in southeast texas when oilmen discovered that much of the continental united states ' vast oil resources lay beneath texas soil . " historically oil and gas centers sprang up adjacent to oil and gas discoveries , " said david bole , the vice president of randall & dewey , inc . , a houston - based oil consulting firm . " but certainly with high - speed communications developed over the last 30 years , the decision making has been centralized more in the financial centers . " what has set houston apart from many other emerging oil centers was the caliber of the early wildcatters , their vision and their ability to build mega - companies . in many cases it is their legacy that has built houston into today ' s oil capital . " shell oil co . is based in houston alongside several other producers and numerous offshore drilling , oil field services , pipeline , oil field firefighting and related companies . in recent years , the city also has become home to large energy trading firms such as dynegy , inc . , enron corp . , reliant inc . and others . together , they operate dozens of computerized energy trading floors scattered throughout the city . " consolidation is cumulative - a self - fulfilling process of centralizing all the important pieces of the oil industry in one place , " bill gilmer , an economist in houston for the federal reserve bank of dallas , wrote in a recent publication . " the same principles , of course , are what draw moviemakers to hollywood , financial service providers to new york and automakers to detroit . " and , it seems , energy companies to houston . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - energy deal savings set to increase . by andrew hill . 11 / 20 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved chevrontexaco yesterday increased the annual savings it expected to achieve from the merger between the two oil groups to $ 1 . 8 bn by march 2003 . david o ' reilly , chief executive , told analysts that the combined company would also meet its original synergy target of $ 1 . 2 bn within six to nine months of the deal , which was completed last month . mr o ' reilly also said it expected oil and gas production to grow at an annual rate of 2 . 5 to 3 per cent over the next five years , and dismissed worries about the falling oil price . " our business is used to swings and volatility - if you want a stable price environment you don ' t want to be in this business , " he told reporters after addressing analysts in new york . mr o ' reilly said the news of the latest big merger in the industry - the $ 35 bn deal between conoco and phillips petroleum - only made him more confident that the chevrontexaco deal was right . chevrontexaco now claims to be the third - largest energy company in terms of global oil reserves and the fourth - largest in global oil and natural gas production . he said the synergies translated into gains of about $ 1 per share after tax . chevrontexaco has an important role in dynegy ' s rescue bid for enron , the rival energy group . chevrontexaco has a 26 per cent stake in dynegy and immediately invested $ 1 . 5 bn in convertible preferred shares of dynegy to fund its direct equity infusion in enron . chevrontexaco is committed to buying a further $ 1 bn of dynegy common stock once dynegy completes its takeover . if the deal fails , chevrontexaco can redeem the convertible preferred shares for $ 1 . 5 bn in cash or convert to common shares , giving it a 36 per cent stake in equity . mr o ' reilly said yesterday the group was committed to the deal , despite worries about potential hidden liabilities at enron . chevrontexaco is doing its own review of potential litigation risks at enron , and mr o ' reilly said there was " a full suite of due diligence " that needed to be done on other issues at enron . * enron ' s lenders welcomed the energy company ' s openness yesterday following a meeting in new york . greg whalley , enron ' s president , led the meeting , which was postponed when dynegy began talks with enron two weeks ago . " much of senior management was there and they were doing a good job , " said one . another banker said enron management had been " pretty upfront " about the problems at the company , although he said most lenders were reluctant to air their concerns in full at the crowded meeting . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . u . s . equity preview : enron , hot topic , metlife , ual 2001 - 11 - 20 01 : 25 ( new york ) u . s . equity preview : enron , hot topic , metlife , ual new york , nov . 20 ( bloomberg ) - - the following is a list of companies whose shares may move in u . s . markets today . this preview includes news that occurred after markets closed yesterday . stock symbols are in parentheses after the company name . most likely to move : enron corp . ( ene ) fell as low as $ 8 . 78 during after - hours trading . it closed at $ 9 . 06 in regular trading . the energy company that ' s being acquired by rival dynegy inc . , cut third - quarter earnings for a second time . the company also said that a drop in its credit rating may force it to make early payment of a $ 690 million note this month . dynegy rose $ 1 . 13 to $ 43 . 60 . loudcloud inc . ( ldcl ) rose as high as $ 3 . 91 in after - hours trading . it closed at $ 3 . 15 in regular trading : the manager of corporate web sites said it expects a fourth - quarter loss of 55 cents to 56 cents a share on sales of $ 15 . 5 million to $ 15 . 7 million . it was forecast to have a loss of 66 cents in the fourth quarter , the average estimate of analysts polled by thomson financial / first call . semtech corp . ( smtc ) rose as high as $ 39 . 50 in after - hours trading . it closed at $ 38 . 70 in regular trading . the maker of chips for communications equipment and personal computers said third - quarter profit from operations was 10 cents a share , from 22 cents a year ago . including a gain , semtech would have earned 12 cents . the company was expected to report profit of 9 cents , the average forecast of analysts surveyed by first call . others : dal - tile international inc . ( dtl ) : the maker of tiles said in a statement distributed by pr newswire that it agreed to be acquired by mohawk industries inc . ( mhk ) for a combination of cash and stock valuing its shares at $ 23 . 10 each , based on the closing price of mohawk ' s shares monday . company officials couldn ' t be reached to comment . dal - tile shares rose 70 cents to $ 17 . 60 . delta and pine land co . ( dlp ) : the cotton - seed company said it will raise its quarterly dividend to 5 cents share , up from last quarter ' s payment of 4 cents , according to press release issued by pr newswire . the increased dividend will be paid on dec . 14 to the shareholders of record on nov . 30 . company officials couldn ' t immediately be reached to comment . delta and pine land rose 10 cents to $ 18 . fashionmall . com inc . ( fash ) : the operator of an internet shopping site for brand - name clothing , shoes and accessories cut its staff to three people as of oct . 15 and will cut this number to one person by the end of the year . the company is reviewing its business operations , according to a statement distributed by pr newswire . company officials couldn ' t be reached to comment . fashionmall . com shares rose 10 cents to $ 2 . 45 . hot topic inc . ( hott ) : the seller of music - inspired merchandise said it will more than triple the number of torrid stores for plus - size young women next year as third - quarter profit rose to 39 cents a share , from 34 cents , a year earlier . hot topic said profit next fiscal year will be $ 1 . 55 a share , less than the $ 1 . 59 average estimate of eight analysts polled by first call . hot topic rose $ 1 . 73 to $ 28 . 58 . h & r block inc . ( hrb ) : the tax form - preparing company agreed to acquire equico resources llc , an investment bank , which specializes in merger and acquisition work for middle - market companies . terms weren ' t disclosed . h toils to restructure $ 690 m payment ap 11 / 19 / 2001 the canadian press copyright ( c ) 2001 the canadian press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) _ as embattled enron corp . examines its books , the energy trader restated its third - quarter results monday , increasing its loss for the period by three cents a share to 87 cents . the company also disclosed it is trying to restructure a $ 690 - million obligation that could come due nov . 27 . enron spokesman mark palmer said the company has the cash on hand to pay the obligation but would like to have it restructured and extended . ` ` we are working with the lenders to restructure or extend the term on the obligation , ' ' he said . palmer said that when enron ' s credit rating was reduced it triggered a clause in one of the ` ` limited partnership agreements that could cause that $ 690 million obligation to become due beginning next week . ' ' houston - based enron , being purchased by rival dynegy inc . to escape a spate of problems and shattered wall street confidence , also increased nine - month earnings by a penny to 20 cents a share . dynegy is purchasing the company for $ 7 . 8 billion in stock . in an sec filing nov . 8 , enron said financial statements from 1997 through the first half of 2001 ` ` should not be relied upon ' ' and that outside businesses run by enron officials during that period should have been included in the company ' s earnings reports . that would have reduced enron ' s profits for those years by $ 586 million , from $ 2 . 89 billion to $ 2 . 31 billion . in addition , the company revised its debt upward in each year from 1997 to 2000 ; at the end of 2000 , enron ' s debt was $ 10 . 86 billion , or $ 628 million more than previously reported . by not disclosing the debt earlier , enron presumably maintained a stronger credit rating and was able to vastly increase the size of its core operations _ trading natural gas and electricity on wholesale markets . in a filing with the securities and exchange commission on monday , enron explained that auditor arthur andersen llp hasn ' t finalized its review of the company ' s financial statements because of an ongoing investigation by a special committee appointed by enron ' s board of directors . in the filing , enron reiterated it is developing a plan to exit $ 8 billion in non - core businesses that are performing ` ` below acceptable rates , ' ' and expects to use the proceeds to repay debt . copyright ? 2000 dow jones at the end of 2000 , enron ' s debt was dlrs 10 . 86 billion , dlrs 628 million more than previously reported . by not disclosing the debt earlier , enron presumbably maintained a stronger credit rating and was able to vastly increase the size of its core operations - trading natural gas and electricity on wholesale markets . in a filing with the securities and exchange commission on monday , enron explained that auditor arthur andersen llp hasn ' t finalized its review of the company ' s financial statements because of an ongoing investigation by a special committee appointed by enron ' s board of directors . " we are continuing to review the transactions in question and are making progress with our investigation , " said william k . powers jr . , chairman of the special committee and dean of the university of texas school of law . the merger is expected to go through by next summer . dynegy , backed by major investor chevrontexaco inc . , will also assume dlrs 13 billion of enron debt . enron agreed to be bought after its stock price plunged about 80 percent in the weeks after it disclosed a third quarter loss followed by an acknowledgment that the securities and exchange commission was investigating partnerships run by company officials . the partnerships led to a dlrs 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity and allowed enron to keep about half a billion dollars in debt off its books . credit services also have diminished enron ' s long - term debt to just above junk grade . in the filing , enron also reiterated it is developing a plan to exit dlrs 8 billion in non - core businesses that are performing " below acceptable rates , " and should be able to use the proceeds to repay debt . shares of enron were up 6 cents to dlrs 9 . 06 in trading monday on the new york stock exchange . enron announced its latest filing after the market close . - - - on the net : http : / / www . enron . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron sounds debt alarm , reduces reported earnings . by c . bryson hull 11 / 19 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 19 ( reuters ) - humbled energy giant enron corp . on monday warned that it could be forced to pay a $ 690 million debt by next week and reduced its already - abysmal third - quarter earnings . the houston company sounded the debt and credit alarms once again in a filing made on monday with u . s . securities and exchange commission . among the new information included is the disclosure that enron is up against a short deadline to meet a $ 690 million debt obligation triggered by a credit downgrade last week . that marked the start of a nine - day period that expires on nov . 26 , during which enron must lay down collateral against the debt owed to a third party in one of its myriad partnerships . if not , the partner has the right to liquidate all of the assets of the partnership , which includes a brazilian natural gas company that enron was counting on selling to raise $ 250 million in cash . the company is working to make alternative payment arrangements , since it can ill - afford to pay the debt now . enron has already already maxed out its $ 3 billion credit line , secured roughly $ 2 billion in loans and is looking for more cash to stay afloat . enron also reduced previously reported 2001 third - quarter earnings by 3 cents per share and increased previously reported earnings for the first 9 months of the year by a penny per share . the move reflects adjustments made after the quarter ' s end , enron said . on oct . 16 , enron reported a loss of $ 638 million or 84 cents per share for the third quarter of 2001 . on nov 8 , enron said it had restated earnings for 1997 - 2000 and that net income for the four - year period was more than a half a billion lower than originally reported . it also warned that a further drop in its credit rating could force it to pay $ 3 . 9 billion to other partnerships , the bulk of it to osprey trust and marlin water trust . such an outcome would keep enron from paying its revolving credit accounts and " would likely have a material adverse impact on enron ' s ability to continue as a going concern , " the company wrote . enron had released those figures earlier , but had yet to state in such stark terms the dire risk the debts pose to its viability . credit could be a killer moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s this month cut their respective senior unsecured debt ratings for enron to " baa 3 " and " bbb - minus , " just one notch above " junk " status . each warned it may cut its respective ratings again . moody ' s also cut enron ' s short - term debt rating , which affects commercial paper , to " not prime , " a junk rating . in nearly all of its partnership deals , enron guaranteed the financing it received with a promise to issue enron shares to its partners if its credit fell below investment grade and its stock price was under certain levels . at the close of trading monday on the new york stock exchange , enron shares were at $ 9 . 06 - well below the trigger prices . all of the partnerships , which enron used to finance projects in a way that kept them off the balance sheet , have become the once - proud company ' s bane . the sec is investigating potential conflict - of - interest issues involving two such partnerships on which ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow served as general partner . enron had to extract itself from those partnerships , which led to a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in enron shareholder equity . the revelation of the equity reduction started one of the more stunning and rapid corporate collapses in recent memory , leaving enron to be bought on nov . 9 by smaller cross - town rival dynegy inc . for the fire - sale price of $ 9 billion in stock . in an unusual note , enron said that its financial statements in the filing were not audited by an independent accountant , per sec regulations , because of " the need of arthur andersen llp , enron ' s independent auditors , to complete their review procedures . " arthur andersen had no comment , but enron said the ongoing investigation by a special committee appointed by enron ' s board of directors to look into its partnership dealings precludes the audit ' s completion . ( additional reporting by andrew kelly in houston and jonathan stempel in new york ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron warns that raft of problems may hurt its fourth - quarter profit 11 / 19 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . warned that continuing credit worries , a decline in the value of some of its assets and reduced trading activity could hurt its fourth - quarter earnings , tuesday ' s wall street journal reported . the energy company said it may be forced to take a $ 700 million pretax hit to earnings due to a plunge in the value of assets held by one of its investment partnerships . the partnership , whitewing llp , held assets with a book value of $ 4 . 7 billion on nov . 16 but a drop in the value of enron ( ene ) stock held by the partnership could result in a derivative loss of $ 700 million , the company said . in addition , enron , houston , said it may have to come up with more money to honor a collateral call on a $ 690 million note . that note became a " demand obligation , " on nov . 12 , when enron ' s credit rating got lowered to triple - b - minus by standard & poor ' s . the company didn ' t disclose who holds the note . " we ' ve got nine days to either repay the note or post a letter of credit or they can start liquidating assets , " said company spokesman mark palmer . one of the assets includes c . e . g . rio , a gas distribution company in brazil that enron already is in the process of selling and whose proceeds it had intended to use for other forms of debt reduction . the company said it is trying to negotiate a waiver or extension of the credit provision with lenders to preserve its cash . enron has set up a number of partnerships over the years to hedge investment risks and , in some cases , to keep debt off its balance sheet . in the wake of a securities and exchange commission formal probe into its accounting and disclosure practices launched oct . 31 , the company restated its earnings downward dating back to 1997 and has consolidated some debt back onto its balance sheet . the company on nov . 9 agreed to merge with competitor dynegy inc . ( dyn ) . but its latest sec filing said it was sued by shareholders on nov . 12 in state court in houston to prevent the merger from happening . the petition alleges that enron ' s directors breached their fiduciary duties to enron ' s shareholders by agreeing to sell enron for inadequate consideration and without an adequate investigation of the alternatives available to enron . enron said it would vigorously defend itself . monday ' s filing included numerous changes in previously reported numbers for revenues and expenses . in its original third - quarter statement , the company reported a loss of $ 618 million . the stated loss was increased to $ 635 million last week and in the latest filing , the loss for the quarter ended sept . 30 was widened to $ 664 million . enron added that the numbers contained in latest filing aren ' t necessarily final because its external auditor , arthur andersen , hasn ' t completed its review , nor has an internal audit committee finished reviewing the firm ' s accounting practices . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron files 10 - q for 3 q with sec 11 / 19 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 copyright ? 2000 dow jones provided , however , that members of the news media may redistribute limited portions ( less than 250 words ) of this material without a specific license from cnn so long as they provide conspicuous attribution to cnn as the originator and copyright holder of such material . this is not a legal transcript for purposes of litigation . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron reduces earnings , warns $ 690 mln payment due ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 19 22 : 03 ( new york ) enron reduces earnings , warns $ 690 mln payment due ( update 2 ) ( adds in first paragraph that note payment may come next week . ) houston , nov . 19 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which agreed to a takeover by dynegy inc . after a financial crisis threatened it with bankruptcy , revised third - quarter earnings for the second time this month and said it may have to make early payment of a $ 690 million note next week . the houston - based company lowered results by 3 cents a share , bringing its third - quarter loss to 87 cents , or $ 664 million , according to a securities & exchange commission filing . liabilities from an affiliated partnership may reduce fourth - quarter earnings by $ 700 million before taxes , enron said . the disclosures don ' t indicate that enron is in much worse shape than on nov . 8 , said john olson , an energy analyst at sanders morris harris . that ' s when enron lowered its earnings back to 1997 by $ 586 million , reflecting losses by affiliated partnerships that it had wrongly kept off the books . ` ` i don ' t think anyone would be particularly surprised that they had to adjust third - quarter earnings ( again ) considering they restated earnings for the last four years , ' ' said olson , who doesn ' t own shares of dynegy or enron . ` ` i don ' t think it ' s a problem . ' ' making good on debt owed by its whitewing partnership may cut enron ' s fourth - quarter earnings . enron is obligated to back whitewing by issuing junior convertible preferred stock . because enron ' s stock has plunged , it may have to write down its assets by $ 700 million , the filing said . partnership problems enron said that the dynegy buyout could collapse if enron is forced to pay judgments of more than $ 2 billion to settle lawsuits over its dealings with affiliated partnerships . dynegy has said it can cancel the transaction if enron ' s litigation costs and other liabilities grow to $ 3 . 5 billion or more . enron faces at least 23 such lawsuits . enron used affiliated partnerships to raise money quickly and take debt off its books . its shares plunged by 89 percent this year as investors questioned whether the partnerships also were being used to hide losses from failed investments . chief executive officer kenneth lay said earlier this month that buying back 62 million shares from two such partnerships cost enron shareholders $ 1 . 2 billion in lost equity . the company wrote off $ 1 . 01 billion in investments in water , telecommunications and retail - energy sales in the third quarter . a drop in enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to ` ` bbb - ' ' by standard & poor ' s on nov . 12 may force enron to pay off the $ 690 million note by nov . 27 if it doesn ' t find collateral to guarantee the debt taken on by another affiliated partnership , the company said . brazilian liability without repayment or collateral , investors in a partnership that owns brazilian natural - gas assets can begin to liquidate the partnership ' s assets , enron said . enron said it ' s working with lenders to come up with an acceptable agreement on the debt . ` ` if we can ' t talk lenders into refinancing , there is the possibility that . . . note would be due next week , ' ' said karen denne , an enron spokeswoman . as of friday , the company had $ 1 . 3 billion in cash on hand . it expects to close on $ 450 million in additional financing tomorrow , and to complete $ 800 million in asset sales by the end of the year . it ' s also trying to find investors who will put $ 500 million to $ 1 billion into the company . the company has raised cash in recent weeks by using its pipelines as collateral . it received $ 1 . 5 billion from chevrontexaco last week as part of the dynegy buyout agreement . in return , dynegy acquired preferred stock and other rights in an enron unit that owns the northern natural gas pipeline . dynegy can acquire the pipeline even if the merger falls through . enron closed on a $ 550 million loan from j . p . morgan chase & co . and salomon smith barney inc . on wednesday that was secured with assets of enron ' s transwestern pipeline co . it expects to close on another $ 450 million loan , secured with other northern natural gas assets , this week , denne said . the commitment for the loans was announced nov . 1 . $ 3 . 9 billion liability the company also has huge liabilities that could push it into financial crisis before the merger closes . a further drop in its debt rating , which would put it below investment grade , would trigger repayment of $ 3 . 9 billion in debt owed by two other affiliated companies , enron said . the rating drop would force it to repay $ 2 . 4 billion in debt owed by osprey trust , and $ 915 million in debt taken on by marlin water trust , the company said in the filing . arthur andersen llp , enron ' s auditor , didn ' t grant final approval of its financial statements in the filing because of an internal investigation of its dealings with affiliated partnerships , enron said . the sec is also investigating the partnerships , which were run by enron executives . the filing was released after the stock market closed . shares of enron rose 6 cents to $ 9 . 06 . dynegy rose $ 1 . 13 to $ 43 . 60 . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy and is providing $ 2 . 5 billion in cash as part of the enron buyout , fell 54 cents to $ 82 . 91 . chevrontexaco sees investor suits as threat to enron ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 19 19 : 53 ( new york ) chevrontexaco sees investor suits as threat to enron ( updatel ) ( updates with enron reducing third - quarter results in last paragraph . ) new york , nov . 19 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s exposure to investor lawsuits is the biggest hurdle in its proposed buyout by dynegy inc . , said david o ' reilly , chief executive officer of chevrontexaco inc . , which is helping to back dynegy ' s purchase . chevrontexaco is ` ` paying particular attention to the litigation risk , ' ' though ` ` we still think it ' s a good deal for dynegy and an even better deal for chevrontexaco , ' ' reilly said at an analyst meeting in new york . chevrontexaco , the second - biggest u . s . oil company , owns 27 percent of dynegy . it agreed to provide dynegy $ 2 . 5 billion as part of the enron purchase . dynegy can cancel the bid if enron ' s legal liabilities , including investor suits , exceed $ 3 . 5 billion . enron said today in a regulatory filing it can ' t calculate the cost of shareholder suits . dynegy agreed 10 days ago to buy rival enron , the largest energy trader , for stock and debt now valued at $ 20 . 7 billion . enron ' s stock had plunged in recent weeks because of concerns it was using affiliated partnerships to mask losses and hide debt . gold bennett cera & sidner llp filed a class action suit in houston today alleging enron misrepresented its business and results . other investors have filed similar suits . chevrontexaco will have a clearer picture of the legal risks in the next few months , o ' reilly said . ` ` there is no transaction that is risk free , ' ' he said . shares of enron rose 6 cents to $ 9 . 06 today . they have tumbled 89 percent this year . dynegy gained $ 1 . 13 to $ 43 . 60 . the stock has declined 22 percent this year . both companies are based in houston . chenvrontexaco , based in san francisco , fell 54 cents to $ 82 . 91 . earlier this month , enron reduced its earnings in the past four years by $ 552 million because of accounting errors involving affiliates . enron ousted its chief financial officer , and it fired its treasurer and a company attorney for making improper investments in one of the affiliates . enron reduced third - quarter earnings for a second time and said it may have to make early payment on a $ 690 million note this month , according to a filing with the u . s . securities and exchange commission . enron says it may have to pay off $ 690 mln note next week 2001 - 11 - 19 18 : 16 ( new york ) enron says it may have to pay off $ 690 mln note next week houston , nov . 19 ( bloomberg ) - - enron said a drop in its credit rating may force it to pay off a $ 690 million note by nov . 27 if it doesn ' t find collateral to guarantee the debt . repayment was triggered by the nov . 12 downgrade in enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to bbb - by standard & poor ' s , the company said in a securities filing . enron must post collateral equal to the amount of the note or repay it , the securities and exchange commission filing said . without repayment , partners in a limited partnership that owns natural gas assets in brazil can immediately begin to liquidate the partnership ' s assets , enron said . enron said it ' s working with lenders to come up with an acceptable agreement on the debt . a further drop in its debt rating , which would put it below investment grade , would trigger repayment of $ 3 . 9 billion in debt owed by two affiliated companies . the rating drop would trigger repayment of $ 2 . 4 billion in debt owed by osprey trust , and $ 915 million owed by marlin water trust , the company said in the filing . enron is being bought by dynegy inc . for $ 25 billion in stock and debt . enron also said in its filing that if shareholder lawsuits result in judgments totaling more than $ 2 billion , the dynegy deal could collapse . the filing was released after the stock market closed . shares of houston - based enron rose 6 cents to $ 9 . 06 . dynegy shares rose $ 1 . 13 to $ 43 . 60 . shares of chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , fell 54 cents to $ 82 . 91 . enron ' s azurix may have to sell assets if it can ' t borrow 2001 - 11 - 19 14 : 35 ( new york ) enron ' s azurix may have to sell assets if it can ' t borrow houston , nov . 19 ( bloomberg ) - - azurix corp . , enron corp . ' s water unit , may have to sell assets if it can ' t find financing to continue operations , the company said in a regulatory filing . enron took azurix public in june 1999 and then , after the water company ' s stock plunged , took it private and paid off investors in march . azurix isn ' t sure it will be able to renew or refinance about $ 113 . 3 million in long - term debt , including bank loans , that matures before sept . 30 at a ` ` reasonable ' ' cost , it said in a filing with the u . s . securities and exchange commission . the company also had $ 326 . 3 million in short - term debt as of sept . 30 . the loans are azurix ' s ` ` primary sources of liquidity , ' ' the filing said . if the company can ' t raise the funds , it might have to use the proceeds from planned asset sales to refinance debt and get cash , the filing said . if those asset sales don ' t generate enough money , ` ` azurix may need to sell other assets , which could result in azurix incurring losses in future periods , ' ' the company said . azurix , though it still must file with the sec , no longer trades as a separate stock . the shares of houston - based enron fell 8 cents to $ 8 . 92 in early afternoon trading . enron agreed earlier this month to be acquired by rival dynegy inc . in a transaction currently valued at $ 24 . 9 billion . the buyout came after enron ' s shares plunged amid an sec investigation of the company ' s dealings with affiliated partnerships . u . s . ' s dingell seeks probe of arthur andersen , dow jones says 2001 - 11 - 19 15 : 24 ( new york ) washington , nov . 19 ( bloomberg ) - - u . s . representative john dingell , a michigan democrat , has requested a special investigation of arthur andersen llp ' s audits of enron corp . and waste management inc . , dow jones newswires reported . dingell sent a letter to public oversight board chairman charles bowsher asking for the review , the newswire said . andersen , the world ' s fifth largest accounting firm , served as enron ' s outside auditor for more than a decade , assuring investors the company ' s financial statements conformed with generally accepted accounting principles . earlier this month , the company reported that it overstated earnings by $ 586 million over four - and - a - half years , inflated shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion because of an ` ` accounting error , ' ' and failed to consolidate results of three affiliated partnerships into its balance sheet . in june , andersen reached a $ 7 million settlement with the securities and exchange commission in which it neither admitted nor denied allegations of fraud related to its audit of waste management , inc . andersen is now undergoing a peer review by deloitte & touche , dow jones said . enron restates q 3 results from cbs . marketwatch . com by leticia williams 8 : 35 pm et nov 19 , 2001 washington ( cbs . mw ) - embattled enron corp . restated its third - quarter earnings monday , increasing its loss for the period by 3 cents a share to 87 cents , according to an sec filing . houston - based enron ( ene ) , which is being purchased by rival dynegy to escape a recent spate of problems and shattered wall street confidence , also increased nine - month earnings by a penny to 20 cents a share . dynegy ( dyn ) is purchasing the company for $ 7 . 8 billion in stock . enron must also pay off or refinance $ 690 million in debt obligations by nov . 26 or risk triggering nearly $ 4 billion in additional payments , according to the sec filing . if the company doesn ' t make the payment on that date , the investors have the right to immediately begin to liquidate the assets of a certain limited partnership for an amount equal to the note payable . in addition , enron may sell the limited partnership ' s assets for amounts below their carrying values . " the net proceeds from the sale of such assets can be used to repay enron ' s obligation , " according to the company ' s 10 q filed monday with the securities and exchange commission . enron is in talks with lenders to " develop a mutually acceptable " amendment or waiver to avoid having to issue payment on the $ 690 million note . if the company fails to make the payment or if its credit rating falls below investment grade , it will be forced to pay off or refinance up to an additional $ 3 . 9 billion , the company said . standard poor ' s currently has the company rated at bbb - , a notch above speculative grade . fitch rates the company ' s credit at bbb - , evolving . moody ' s investor services rates the company baa 3 , under review . all ratings apply to the senior unsecured debt of the corporation . a note trigger would force the company to repay , refinance or cash collaterize certain facilities in the amount of $ 3 . 9 billion , which primarily consists of $ 2 . 4 billion in osprey trust and $ 915 million in marlin water trust , enron said in the filing . the company ' s ( ene ) shares gained 6 cents to close at $ 9 . 06 . company officials didn ' t immediately reply to questions about where it would raise the money , since it ' s effectively barred from the capital markets . 
2	Subject: all software - duty - free prices get a head start on a new computer career that which does not kill me , makes me stronger . the first step towards amendment is the recognition of error . 
2	Subject: hassle - free microsoft sql server remote database administration visit us at www . sqlcare . comor call us at ( 214 ) 740 . 0923 to be removed , reply with remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: trip report summary of coga conference follows . fyi - at the time of the conference , the conference organizers indicated that all speakers presentations would be made available at the coga . org websit after the conference . however , coga is currently experiencing difficulties in actually getting each speaker to provide this information . i have requested a copy of the interstate pipeline ( cig / questar / el paso / transcolorado / western / nwpl ) presentations to be mailed to me and will circulate them when i receive them . they provide interesting summaries of pipeline expansion programs . main conference themes which seem to be repeated among various speackers include the following points : - annual u . s . domestic requirements are headed towards the 30 tcf point sooner than expected . one attributable reason for the higher than expected growth rate was the impact of growing internet & cellular activity of the nation . it was estimated that these combined markets have grown from representing 2 % of total electrical requirements of the nation to approximately an 8 - 10 % range which will be sustainable from this point forward . in addition , overall healthy economic growth of the nation also contributes to the increase in domestic gas demand . - power river basin coalbed methane production has the highest potential growth opportunity for rocky production . - currently the companies most active in rocky mountain exploration & production are experiencing a shortage of geologists , engineers , and field personnel which they fear may impact the desired rate of field developement - rig counts in the rockies are on the rise , but additional rig availability is also an issue which may impact rate of production . - the only pipelines which actively promoted access to waha markets for rocky production were el paso and transcolorado . - el paso was already encouraging interest in the 1 . 2 bcf of capacity which el paso merchant services currently has on their system which will expire october 01 . - general conference discussion opinion is that the alliance in - service impact will be fairly neutral to market demand and gas prices for rocky production . they continue to be optimistic with their growth opportunities and price expectations . customer meetings : western gas resources - met with bill koch ( project developer ) , chris o ' dell ( texas gas marketer ) , andrew carter and andrew richmond ( western region gas marketers ) . western is in the process of purchasing some nng lines which are in close proximity to the most southern part of transwestern ' s west texas lateral . western would eventually like to deliver treated gas into this line , once traswestern cleans the line and finalizes the gomez to puckett tie - over , in order to access our waha markets . upside potential exists to eventually have access to two western plants totaling approximately 150 mmcf / d of supplies through this arrangement . tw would most likely have to enter into some form of transportation agreement with western in order to justify the $ 2 mm price tag for the gomez to puckett tie - over . aquila - met with tori campbell , goerge nunnemaker , mark magliery and nick thomas to discuss general tw issues . 
2	Subject: re : eol guest account access i ' ve logged on . thanks for your help . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : danny . lee @ enron . com [ mailto : danny . lee @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , july 27 , 2000 5 : 07 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com subject : eol guest account access attention : esai ed krapels thank you for your interest in enrononline . the following is a guest password that will allow you temporary view only access to enrononline . please note , the user id and password are case sensitive . guest user id : ena 61296 guest password : welcome ! in order to apply for transaction status with enrononline , your company needs to complete a password application and registration form for a master user account . each master user will be able to grant various levels of access for additional users . to obtain a password application and registration form , you can visit our website at www . enrononline . com and select the " how to register " link , or call our helpdesk at 713 / 853 - help ( 4357 ) . alternatively , you may click on the attached documents , complete the forms , and fax to 713 - 646 - 8511 . just a reminder , in order to access enrononline , shockwave needs to be installed . the shockwave installer can be found within " about enrononline " on the home page . after opening " about enrononline " , using right scroll bar , go to the bottom . click on " download shockwave " and follow the directions . after loading shockwave , shut down and reopen browser ( i . e . microsoft internet explorer / netscape ) . we hope you will find that enrononline provides an easy and more efficient way to do business with enron . we look forward to transacting with you online . sincerely , danny lee enrononline helpdesk 713 / 853 - help ( 4357 ) ( see attached file : na pa ver 2 web . doc ) ( see attached file : registration _ form . doc ) 
2	Subject: prc hi , sally , i am an associate working for ebs . i am sorry we didn ' t have a chance to meet for the mid - year prc . could you schedule sometime next week so that we can meet face to face ? i ' d like to talk about the mid - year also . thank you . jun wang enron broadband services office # 713 . 853 . 0425 fax # 713 . 646 . 3271 jun . wang @ enron . net 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , giuseppina patton 
2	Subject: cardiology , radiology , 7 , 000 senior hospitals , , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators and doctors . 7 , 000 hospitals , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators . pre _ publication offer of $ 247 . 00 ( reg . $ 1 , 299 ) . the new american hospital marketing guide is an extremely cost - effective way of increasing your marketing efforts . david stanford , chicago , il . in response to numerous inquiries from healthcare marketers , healthline publications corp . is introducing the new american hospital marketing guide . the new guide is an attempt to assist healthcare professionals to target hospital decision - makers throughout the country . the guide includes administrators in hospitals in the united states such as ceos , cfos , directors ( surgery , nursing , purchasing , etc . ) in addition to mailing addresses , fax and phone numbers , the publication includes important hospital stats such as number of beds , hospital type , hospital number and staff size . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the new american hospital marketing guide includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals and 172 , 000 administrators . it is the most extensive and database of key decision - makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . if you are interested in identifying and contacting hospital decision - makers most likely to benefit from your product or service , the new american hospital guide will save you time and money . to order the new american hospital guide , simply fill out the information below and fax it to 416 760 - 3763 ( tel : 416 760 - 3762 ) . bonus offer : new customer offer . order now and receive free of charge our marketing publication : build a successful healthcare marketing campaign . this popular publication offers a number of strategies relating to effective marketing of healthcare products . name : title : company : address : city : zip : tel : fax : email :  
2	Subject: allas , plnnacle system , apple , corel , nero , ado 0 be from $ 20 each . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares  
2	Subject: one more time sent bring electric . look , picture language . be put real put . simple skin , among , only , appear side . crop sound supply his lady . toward out paper last thing , differ . as , back then . mark never show even , describe often her . shape noise , full . - - phone : 440 - 937 - 8525 mobile : 445 - 268 - 8873 email : yazminroyce @ comcast . net  
2	Subject:  renda extraparcial r $ 1000 r $ 3000 242875 integral ate r $ 7000 nohq clique aqui rmfkkapfwbbbdasa para retirar seu e - mail clique aqui .  
2	Subject: hey buddy - i feel great dont miss your health h , y _ d ' r _ o _ c ' o , d _ o _ n _ e 7 . 5 / 500 m . g 3 o p ! | ls 139 . oo 6 o pllls 219 . 0 o 9 o piils 289 . oo place an 0 . r . d . e . r same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / mullion . stuffthatworkd . com / please / update your info sylvester knight magistrate canadian biotech news , nepean , ontario k 2 h 9 p 4 , canada phone : 811 - 438 - 1166 mobile : 263 - 949 - 1132 email : hzzehsfwron @ gemlink . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 82 minute definite shareware notes : the contents of this info is for attention and should not be epithelial rainbow rick fix cellular time : sun , 23 jan 2005 02 : 44 : 41 - 0600 
2	Subject: neuro tests start december lth hi there brother - win the battle with pain v * 1 _ c ' 0 - d ' 1 * n 750 m . gg 3 o pllls 169 . oo more info same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln updates your details sergio oakley lecturer intop bio lab inc . china , shanghai , china phone : 141 - 717 - 8955 mobile : 432 - 271 - 8241 email : lmxypduw @ businessnet . de this is a confirmation message this freeware is a 52 hour trial software notes : the contents of this message is for information and should not be wont biennium quahog crania eben time : mon , 03 jan 2005 01 : 46 : 54 - 0800 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shipping and guaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verified by bbb and approved by vlsa !  
2	Subject: if you ' ve received this message . . . if you ' ve received this message - then your email address has been captured circulating on junk - email and spam related message lists . emailbox filter guarantees to keep your inbox free from spam , adult content offers , chain letters , jokes , image files , email worms and viruses , harassment and threats and email bombs . emailbox filter is the only spam control system that automatically learns to think like you - - not for you - - about your email . unlike spam blockers , mailbox filter is smart so it won ' t lose your important email . our exclusive smart filter technologytm instantly sorts your important email from the junk and always delivers precisely the email you want , where you want it . you get extra email virus protection too ! and there ' s no quickly outdated block lists or virus updates required unsubscribe - unsubscribe from future public interest announcements . message by : market reseerch - 8721 santa monica boulevard - # 1105 - los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 sys inf win 2 k v  
2	Subject: no more tickets ! say goodbye to your photo cameras tickets ! adios http : / / kaffaf . fbnhjenm . info / 
2	Subject: kleberg plant outages in september - - - - - cornhusker i spoke with michael mazowita / white pine energy , as he said the expected outages are as follows : august 31 st - september lst 12 hours 12 : 00 pm to 12 : 00 am no flow september 25 th - 31 st all days no flow 
2	Subject: re : hilcorp old ocean volume are we going to have some quality problems with this gas ? edg to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gerard krenek / gco / enron @ enron , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : linda roberts / na / enron @ enron , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : hilcorp old ocean volume well - i have officially not heard from hilcorp after numerous voice and email messages . please plan to have the gas rerouted back down the valley line for the dec 1 forward . call if you have any questions - daren j farmer 11 / 21 / 2000 10 : 08 am to : mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hilcorp old ocean volume thanks for the info . i appreciated the call the other day . it really helps me out to recieve info early like that . d from : mary jo johnson 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 38 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect cc : jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect subject : hilcorp old ocean volume according to gary hanks , we would like to have the gas on the valley line anyway - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary jo johnson / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : producer service group ? i can not believe you are sending emails form hawaii ! ! ! ! you are crazy . i took care of camden for the month - it is now 330 and hilcorp has not responded . i spoke with jerry bubert several times today - emailed mike lannou and left messages , and had him paged , and copied hildebrand ( the president ) . if we don ' t hear by 4 pm , we are supposed to bypass the gas . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: open items for var disclosure from my review of eugenio ' s consolidated var spreadsheet , the following listed items are those that are open that we need information from you on . i will send a separate email that will address ecm , pge and affiliate information . corp . is looking to type the first draft of the annual report ( to be discussed with the audit committee ) this friday , so we need your help with this information as soon as possible . if you will not be able to have all of the information to eugenio by thursday night , please let me know . we may be able to give you some additional time to gather some of the smaller pieces . if you need to forward this on to others , please do so . aa if you know of any other issues of completeness that i have not addressed , please let eugenio and i know ! * why is agg _ ect and agg _ index not available for january 1999 ? * is cuiba in esa ' s nos . is it gas or power ? what month was it first included ? is that the trade month ? * when did australia first have substantial activity ? for some reason , the spreadsheet has a june number , no july or august , then september - december . if the first half of the year has material activity , we need to get it from them . * has the merrill peaker transaction been calculated yet ( it was not originally in thedpr ) ? we definitely have to have that for the dec . number . * where is ees gas ? is it in the agg _ ect ? * when did kinneman ' s debt activity start ? the first var that we have is september . did it start earlier ? * did et & s first have financial hedges in may , that is the first number that we have ? who should i talk to there ? * is the june and september rhythms number different that what we originally calculated for the second and third quarter ? june must be as i recall it was excluded at the time vs . the $ 24 mm now showing . are the differences primarily due to the 100 % + volatility versus the 60 % + number that stinson originally gave you ? have you asked him why he gave you what he did ? please get jill erwin to help you revise the december number for ghost . * there is lots of missing numbers for total return swaps . eugenio and gail tholen to determine which swaps were in place in which months of 1999 and run the appropriate models . if different models will need to be used in different periods of the year for the same swap , lets get that information out to aa and jan . 
2	Subject: help your body regain strength ! ! drsjc human growth hormone therapy lose weight while building lean muscle mass and reversing the ravages of aging all at once . remarkable discoveries about human growth hormones ( hgh ) are changing the way we think about aging and weight loss . lose weight build muscle tone reverse aging increased libido duration of penile erection new hair growth improved memory improved skin new hair growth wrinkle disappearance visit our web site and lean the facts : click here  
2	Subject: re : eprm 2001 houston layla , my associate ' s name is tanya tamarchenko . the e - mail address is : tanya . tamarchenko @ enron . com . location is the same as mine , enron , 1400 smith , houston . thanks vince p . s . shirley , please send my bio to layla " layla o ' leary " on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 33 : 00 am please respond to to : cc : subject : re : eprm 2001 houston yes , that ' s fine . if you can please give me her full contact details including e - mail and address i will have her registered as a co - speaker . if you would like to bring your own copies to the event i would ask you to send 200 copies directly to the venue . although if you can get it to me on friday i can still insert it ! could i please trouble you for a short biography ? kind regards layla - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : 02 may 2001 15 : 38 to : loleary @ riskwaters . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : eprm 2001 houston layla , a few points . i shall be glad to attend the reception . i am falling behind in getting my presentation ready . sorry for the delay . i can commit to delivering the required number of copies on the day of my presentation ( or a day before ) . i have done it on two occasions before ( power 2000 and power 1999 ) : the copies were produced by our company copy center at no cost to you . my associate , tanya tamarchenko , is helping me with one aspect of the presentation and i would like her to deliver part of my speach . it ' s only fair to give her the credit when the credit is due . is it ok to include her as an additional speaker ? vince " layla o ' leary " on 04 / 30 / 2001 09 : 04 : 52 am please respond to to : cc : subject : eprm 2001 houston dear speaker , pre - congress cocktail reception - sunday 13 th may @ 5 : 30 pm in the juniper room we would be delighted to have you attend our pre - congress cocktail reception . we will be extending this invitation to all our sponsors , exhibitors and eprm / risk waters group staff . we hope this will provide a perfect opportunity for you to meet all our staff and clients before the formal opening of eprm 2001 usa + rsvp i would also like to remind you that i need any missing presentations by thursday 3 rd may . it is essential that i get these in as the delegates rely on these to make notes and get very upset if they are not included in the packs . if you still haven ' t informed me of your av requirements , please do so as quickly as possible . i also require a short biography . i would like to point out that i will not be taking any presentations on disk to the event . if you are using a laptop , your presentation should be loaded onto the laptop that you bring with you . you must bring your own laptop and disc , with connecting cables . any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . kind regards layla o ' leary event co - ordinator risk waters group haymarket house 28 - 29 haymarket london swly 4 rx tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9871 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 
2	Subject: re : offers thousands of academic software titles discounted up to 80 % off retail prices opt - in email offer for october 2004 unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . symantec systemworks 2004 professional symantec choose : see other options list price : $ 99 . 00 price : $ 29 . 99 you save : $ 69 . 01 ( 70 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versions features : norton utilities optimizes your pc ? s performance and solves computer problems norton password manager keeps your passwords secure and easy to manage norton goback personal edition restores your pc after a serious problem norton cleansweep removes unwanted programs and files that waste disk space norton ghost protects your data from computer disasters sales rank : # 4 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 217 reviews . write a review . breath chuckwalla oboist urethra distribution cherub admittance chef adhere vichy tansy megohm prosecution blowback car seminarian prerequisite nightmare destitute kittle congest crocodile readout newspapermen 
2	Subject: best phaaarmacy onliiiiiiine best priiiiiices best selectioooon at our onliiiine pharmaaaaaaacy blouse basilisk fence directrix august upside bloodroot donnybrook bustard inaccuracy covert grosset cloudy boolean siegfried colon waken boatman schoolteacher bittersweet bromide combine anthropomorphic hush fermi awn cornelia koenigsberg pastiche stripe stargaze . gamble ideolect coarsen birdie became insolvable bikini lethal heft involutorial frostbitten mare lettermen dailey extrema plantain markham pont confucianism cutover winnetka deny bricklay scourge senior . neeed a chaaaaange .  
2	Subject: goonline - - meds save 8 0 per . cent for your me ds ! clal 1 s soft , 4 . 44 per 20 mg pill ! vlagra soft , 3 . 24 per 100 mg pill ! f - r - e - e shipping worldwide ! go to : http : / / kldhibcegj . buildownhealth . info / ? afmbcegjxwwvyklzctdhi our new product - high - potentcy - herbal - viagra - will - have - you - rock - hard - in - 20 - mins - guys -  
2	Subject: what can you do with $ 596 , 661 ? hello , i sent you an email recently and i ' d like to confirm everything now . please read the info below and let me know if you have any questions . we are accepting your m ortgage qualifications . if you have bad cr edit , it ' s ok . you can get a $ 200 , 000 loan for a $ 350 per month payment . approval process will only take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill out this quick and easy form . thank you , http : / / landrater . com / ? partid  fbuffl 23 sincerely , manager : jerri cano american first national safely decline here : landrater . com / st . html  
2	Subject: the exttender now in the net cash hello and welcome to our site : ) our site presents a non - surgical device that can and will help you gain more inches to your willy . the device is maybe one of the only devices in the world that are easy to use , effective and do not require surgical nor pllls . you can enter now . a lot of men used it before , you can do it now also ! exttend your tool now ! of minneapolis mn editor s note i used to teach next door to jim when i taught in dunseith a couple of years ago wrote i can never get enough of your web page mr rude ! jotham furiously paces back and forth across the living room in a trail of huffed marlboro red smoke he just hung up with mackenzie . we build custom furniture inspired by the designs of the bros stickley charles amp margaret mackintosh the bros greene and frank lloyd wright . and yesterday my classmate told me that it was a morgue before waaahhhh ! ! ! ayoko na bumalik dun ! ! nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp material appropriate for a large variety of ages . longing for a daily word of wisdom from an elder or younger archaeologist ? seeking some pithy insight into the past and what might help the . great sight ! i am getting better about trying new things but remember i was afraid to download icq finally did and the computer did not blow up . and private agencys do nt do what they tell them to do to give me increase visit expand durptional that have not happen yet i have two black childern that call me . hello i stopped by to say thx for the tag and kind words i hope to meet some more people from the group i hope you have a good weekend . armed with a plastic bag for any swag they expected to come back ruddy - cheeked and empty - handed after their first trek out into the fields of kent . do not expect any of these links to answer every question entire books have been written to explain vi and emacs . i love your site i pray gods blessing on the work of your hands blessings evangelist gerry grant gerry grant ministries inc ps we invite you to visit our site and sign our guest book . latest blog entry and clicked on that link of that picture so everyone please go there and have a look for yourself just follow the directions that susan wrote on her blog !  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , breanne  
2	Subject: top quality pills here catatonic convocation hanoi cheekbone laredo fetter before get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here hines club heresy photogenic denver grandstand politico blouse  
2	Subject: buy zenegra ( generic viagra ) for only $ 2 . 99 ! hello , i have a special offer for you ! buy zenegra ( generic viagra ) at the lowest prices you will find on the internet ! - no prescription required - no doctors visits - world shipping - save over 70 % 100 % money back guarantee ! retail price $ 14 . 95 , internet price $ 2 . 99 ! buy zenegra here : http : / / 777 rxbarginz . com / zen / ? zodiac unsubscribe : http : / / 123 getnow . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: open season notices as today is the deadline for our open season responses , please make a copy of any capacity requests for me as i will consolidate them and send out a summary to the commercial group . thanks . lorraine 
2	Subject: tenaska 2 / 01 i am trying to forward this money to tenaska tomorrow , so if you could change this before 8 : 00 am tomorrow , i ' d appreciate it . megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 03 / 29 / 2001 04 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 03 / 29 / 2001 07 : 47 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tenaska 2 / 01 we need to forward the money from the feb 2001 brazos sale to tenaska iv . i am assuming you want to handle this as before by entering a purchase demand fee on deal 529856 in the amount of $ 1 , 143 , 484 . 53 . there is already a demand fee for feb 2001 for $ 29 , 851 . 64 , so i think we just need to change that to the new amount . let me know if you want to handle this differently . megan 
2	Subject: it support for research weather group mark , first let me say thank you for your assistance in making it possible for meteorologists tony hamilton and stephen bennett to hit the groung running this week when they came over to london from houston . when we came into our offices in houston monday morning , tony and steve had already gathered and analyzed their data , prepared reports and were ready for the avistar briefings ! the cross - atlantic communication and data - sharing and manipulation went seamlessly ! we have great expectations for continued synergy with this new set - up . the research weather group is excited about our expanded responsibilities in london . we are committed to maximizing the value added we can provide to the weather derivatives , crude & products , uk trading , continental power , and analytics efforts . we are , however , also extremely dependent on computers and communication , associated software and peripherals . plus the datastreams we access and the reports we generate are very time - critical in their value to traders . we need a very stable environment , with reliable back - up and 24 - hour support to fulfill our commitments to providing the trading operation with timely , never - fail research and information flows . so , thanks again , and please do whatever you can to continue this high level of support by passing this letter of praise and thanks to your team , and show them our appreciation for your efforts . mike roberts 
2	Subject: work problem helping our courts . process from your house from anywhere in the world . finally your business . flexibility in the work days and hours . lots of our associates profit 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo . professional customer support and assistance . http : / / awt . 1 . morevaluableitems . com / 3 / here for more information or to un - subscribe or to see our address . but now he regretted having interfered for a moment with the action of the machine , for his progress , instead of being swift as a bird ' s flight , became slow and jerky , nor was he sure that the damaged machine might not break down altogether at any moment . yet so far his progress was in the right direction , and he resolved to experiment no further with the instrument , but to let it go as it would , so long as it supported him above the water however irregular the motion might be , it was sure , if continued , to bring him to land in time , and that was all he cared about just then 
2	Subject: fw : part 5 - deals to move again , if there are any deals in this list that have volumes for december , notify stacey richardson . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gossett , jeffrey c . sent : tuesday , december 18 , 2001 9 : 22 am to : palmer , b . scott subject : fw : part 5 - deals to move importance : high - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richardson , stacey sent : tuesday , december 18 , 2001 9 : 05 am to : gossett , jeffrey c . cc : theriot , kim s . ; wallumrod , ellen ; anderson , bridgette ; elledge , susan ; campos , sylvia a . ; hilliard , marlene subject : part 5 - deals to move importance : high jeff , please find part 5 of the ena deals that still need to be moved into the bankruptcy books as a result of our contracts auto - terminating . i ' m getting ready to leave the office for the day , but bridgette anderson will be working on the last few deals . we have been compiling a list of deals that will need further review by legal and / or risk and will have these to you very soon as well . sylvia campos and susan elledge will be working on deal listings for contracts terminated by the counterparty . please call any of the people listed above , kim theriot , or page me at ( 713 ) 710 - 6084 if you should have any questions or concerns with this data . i will be back in the office tomorrow . thanks , sbr x 30569 
2	Subject: churn list vince , here is your new location on the 32 nd floor . have a wonderful morning ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 04 / 28 / 2000 07 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 04 / 28 / 2000 07 : 49 am to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , heather choate / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : churn list goodmorning , today is the day for the great move . well i certainly hope this is not a bother . i have a few changes since a few members has left our group . new locations sam smith - eb 3274 a elena chilkina - eb 3274 b ( michael sergeev ) patricia tlapek - eb 3273 a vince kaminski - eb 3273 b eb 7273 c - vacant ( roman zadorozhny ) if you are not able to make changes on the churn list , please be aware that we are going to label all items to the locations listed , whereby these items will be at the locations listed above . please if you need more information feel free to call x 34710 . hope this day be a good one for you ! thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: re : no truer words were ever spoken thanks for the story ! have an all day meeting today , and my grandparents are going back to maryland . i did get a pair of pj ' s for meaghan at gymboree - the red ones with the little pique heart design . hope you did not get them too ! bonnie hitschel 210 - 283 - 2456 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , july 12 , 2001 8 : 36 am to : bhitschel @ tesoropetroleum . com subject : fw : no truer words were ever spoken a man asked his wife what she ' d like for her birthday . " i ' d love to be six again , " she replied . on the morning of her birthday , he got her up bright and early and off they went to a local theme park . what a day ! he put her on every ride in the park : the death slide , the screaming loop , the wall of fear - everything there was ! wow ! five hours later she staggered out of the theme park , her head reeling and her stomach upside down . right to a mcdonald ' s they went , where he husband ordered a big mac for her along with extra fries and refreshing chocolate shake . then it was off to a movie - the latest star wars ! what a fabulous adventure ! finally she wobbled home with her husband and collapsed into bed . he leaned over and lovingly asked , " well , dear ; what was it like being six again ? " one eye opened , " you idiot , i meant my dress size . " the moral of this story is : if a woman speaks and a man is there to hear her , he will get it wrong anyway . 
2	Subject: free all natural sexual stimulant ! we ' re so sure that prosextra is your best chance for super sex at any age that we ' re willing to prove it to you ! take advantage of the special offer below for your free trialpack of prosextra ! we ' ve removed the risk , now you ' re out of excuses . use the offer below and take your first step towards the best sex of your life ! what are you waiting for , sign up for you free trialpack of prosextra today ! you are receiving this email as a subscriber to the enetwork mailing list . to remove yourself from this and related email lists click here : unsubscribe my email under bill ( s ) 1618 title iii by the 105 us congress , per section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) of s . 1618 , a letter cannot be considered spam if the sender includes contact information and a method of removal .  
2	Subject: urgent paypal security notification security center advisory ! we recently noticed one or more attempts to log in to your paypal account from a foreign ip address and we have reasons to belive that your account was hijacked by a third party without your authorization . if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts may have been initiated by you . if you are the rightful holder of the account you must click the link below and then complete all steps from the following page as we try to verify your identity . click here to verify your accountif you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choise but to temporaly suspend your account . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 697 protect your account info make sure you never provide your password to fraudulent persons . paypal automatically encrypts your confidential information using the secure sockets layer protocol ( ssl ) with an encryption key length of 128 - bits ( the highest level commercially available ) . paypal will never ask you to enter your password in an email . for more information on protecting yourself from fraud , please review our security tips at http : / / www . paypal . com / securitytips protect your password you should never give your paypal password to anyone , including paypal employees .  
2	Subject: the next generation in online meetings ! gotomeeting : the next generation in online meetings has arrived - try it free today ! gotomeeting is the easiest and most cost - effective way to organize and attend secure online meetings . sign up for a free trial today with no obligation to buy ! host meetings on - the - fly with sales prospects , perform live demos in real - time to multiple customers or collaborate on projects with your colleagues . you ' ll be able to host unlimited online meetings - with up to 10 attendees per meeting ! 1 . sales demonstrations : give spontaneous demonstrations during sales calls . 2 . presentations : conduct presentations as if you were in the same room with your attendees . 3 . collaboration : boost productivity by collaborating with colleagues in real - time . 4 . training : save the hassle and expense of travel by conducting live training sessions with gotomeeting . find out for yourself how gotomeeting can change the way you do business . try it free today ! affid : zoolant 66673 getresponse marketing p . 0 box 1451 waterfall , south africa 3652 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: power plant supply / demand outlook based on ge ' s turbine order bac klog from our electrical equipment analyst ssb electrical equipment analyst power supply / demand outlook * jeff sprague , ssb ' s electrical equipment analyst , has an interesting perspective on the supply / demand balance for power . his forecast is based on ge ' s order book for turbines , which we think is an excellent source of info . * jeff points out that no orders have been canceled so far . * although there are slight differences in our estimations of new plant builds ( his is higher ) and reserve margin ( his is higher ) , we think this info . supports our view . on the margin , new plant builds exceed demand , and reduce the tightness in the market , as measured by reserve margins . we think there will be downward pressure on power prices and spark spreads in this environment . i ' ve also attached jeff ' s comments below , which he sent to his clients , vis - a - vis the electrical equipment sector and ge in particular , as well as our recent pc 6 report , for reference . any questions , please call . - ray > > jeff ' s sprague ' s ( 212 - 816 - 6699 ) comments : ge stock has been weak in recent days as concerns about lower power prices have hurt utility stocks and raised the fear that power capacity is being overbuilt . ultimately enough capacity will be deployed in the us , but we do not believe we are there yet . based on our analysis of ge ' s delivery plans , the us will reach a 14 % reserve margin ( based on capability at summer peak load ) in 2002 . we do not expect the industry to ever return to the 20 % + reserve margins of yesteryear , but 14 % seems far from excessive given the very severe shortcomings of the electrical grid ( see our 6 / 4 report on the grid ) . if ge ' s output in ' 03 is flat with ' 02 , reserve margins would rise to a still reasonable 16 % . ge has filled 90 - 95 % of its backlog for 2003 and has experienced no cancellations or push - outs in orders to date . the bottom line is we believe the sell - off in ge is overdone . we will publish a more detailed report on the supply demand equation in the u . s . power market in the coming days . please see the attached spreadsheet for a more detailed analysis . raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s - pc 6 final . pdf - sprague - - supply & demand - - client . xls 
2	Subject: the negotiation skills company , inc . newsletter aug 2001 fighting fires without burning bridges ( sm ) the occasional newsletter of the negotiation skills company , inc . ( tnsc ) now our website is even more accessible . if you have a question about issues you can search the advice section to find relevant answers . follow the link below to our q the reverse is equally true . in negotiation , this technique is called active listening . the crucial element is listening closely to all the elements of the responses to those questions , both the questions one asks oneself and the questions asked of other people . it is no less important to respond to what people say by checking to make sure you ' ve understood their points ; you may want to say , " this is what i understood you to have said ; is my understanding correct ? " you also want to indicate , " the fact that i understand what you have said does not necessarily mean i agree with you . " clinging on to the visual indicators of independence is a critical vital sign . the fear of loving relatives that something bad can happen has to be balanced against the knowledge that if you kick someone in their self - esteem , you are attacking a most vulnerable part of their anatomy . you cannot negotiate away a person ' s self - esteem , but you can destroy it through frontal and flanking attacks . the frustration faced by folks who see loved ones failing to take proper care of themselves is phenomenal . very often the people who have advocated professional care ultimately must mutter ( hopefully to themselves ) the unsatisfying statement , " i told you so . " in your question you indicate that crisis forces choice . perhaps the best approach is to prepare a safety net that is ready when the crisis occurs . it cannot prevent a crisis from happening ; and it is crucial to make sure that a crisis is not worsened by forcing the ' victim ' of it to lose face . but having that safety net ready can at least reduce the force of the fall . relationship is one of the seven most significant issues to consider in negotiation . focusing on the relationship with an elderly parent or friend , not letting decrepitude get in the way of love and caring can make it much easier when someone ' s self - esteem is attacked by a crisis . looking at oneself and saying , " it ' s not my fault , " is not a way of avoiding blame , but rather giving a loved one the freedom to make their own mistakes - - just as they did the first time they gave us the keys to the car . tnsc news the negotiation skills company ' s website , www . negotiationskills . com , is now getting more than 1 . 5 million ' hits ' a year - that means an average of more than 5000 visits every day . there have been newspaper and magazine articles about us across north america - and we ' re now featured in translation in a web magazine in poland . last word " don ' t look back . somebody may be gaining on you . " baseball star satchel paige take care , steve * the negotiation skills company * * " fighting fires without burning bridges " * * phone : + 1 978 927 6775 fax : + 1 978 921 4447 * * http : / / www . negotiationskills . com * 
2	Subject: fwd : get it all xan @ x ^ val . i . um ( v | @ gra + at : | v @ n charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet : private , secure , and easy . no prescription for : _ som @ _ vlagr @ & | vialium * x _ a _ nax & pntermin ) at ` | v @ n plus : ionam . | n , m : 3 ridia , x 3 nica ` | , a : mbi 3 n , so : nata , fl . 3 xeril , ce | 3 : brex , fio ` ric 3 t , tram @ do : | , u : | tr @ m , l 3 vitr . a , p ` rop 3 cia , a . cyc | 0 vir , proz @ : c , p @ xi . l , bu . sp @ r , adipe . x we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: whats been going on . get all of your prescri . ption ' s here . . sapphire susanne slicetrajectory . . . . . . . . rawmnv 
2	Subject: contract changes i want to make sure that we are adopting a policy whereby any material changes to employment agreements for individual employees are adopted across the board so we are creating consistency for all employees with respect to contract terms and conditions . i think this is very important from an execution and timing standpoint . i want to be able to represent to employees that " lawyering " the docs to death is not necessary , because we are going to maintain consistency for all employees . i would like an affirmative yes on this question by tuesday am . does everyone agree ? 
2	Subject: beneficiary needed . hi , i am fatimata i have been thinkingto get a trust worthy person about the issure boadering me but i never wanted to say this to any body but i can no longer keep this to my self . please i will like you to advice on this , i want a beneficiary to my deposited fund in the i . c . c international credit commission liaison vault office hear in dakar senegal . which i was ask to get a foriegn beneficiary who this fund can be transfer to his account before it can be relaese . so this has been urgent that is why i am puting this before you for an idea or if you are willing to do this for me , and your service percentage will be discuss as soon as you agree to do this . thanks . post your ad for free now ! yahoo ! canada personals 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update - us terrorism attacks see below for market , tpt / infrastructure , and political updates . rj x 39934 cell : 713 - 594 - 7995 market updates ? 6 pm est conference call among equity exchange presidents to determine restart for nyse and nasdaq . not expected to reopen tomorrow . ? nymex close to world trade center - unlikely to open tomorrow . conference call scheduled for 430 pm edt . 8 , 000 employees evacuated safely this morning . ? aga offices in dc closed . no announcement on weekly storage report scheduled for tomorrow . ? cbot electronic session will not open tonight . no new word on pit trading tomorrow . ? european bourses expected to open as normal . transportation / infrastructure updates ? faa ban on outbound flights until noon est tomorrow at the earliest ? us section of st . lawrence seaway closed . coast guard inspections stepped up . ? new york port closed , not receiving refined projects - colonial pipeline deliveries expected to " catch big premiums . " ? tosco refinery in linden nj closed . ? grand coulee dam and powerhouse in washington state operational , but locked down ? hoover dam on nevada - arizona line is locked down ? la / long beach inspecting all incoming shipping - all incoming ships anchoring seven miles outside port . ? louisiana offshore oil port operations suspended ? security at all us - canada border crossings on maximum alert . bridges / tunnels closed . ? us - mexico border closed on us side at key crossing for inspection . political update ? president bush has left sac command in nebraska and is now leaving for undisclosed location . ? opec sec - gen rodriguez says opec prepared to " take necessary measures " ? us worldwide military on highest alert ? a london - based arabic newspaper had story three weeks ago that bin laden planning " unprecedented attack " on us ? middle eastern sources reporting " fears of instability exacerbated by us reprisals " ? terrorist groups in middle east reportedly quiet ; sense that this was an " attack too far " 
2	Subject: launch plans for netcoonline we are getting ready for the launch of " netcoonline " . we have been preparing new documentation , a refreshed site design and cleaned products to reflect our gas and power focus . our planned re - launch timetable is as follows : week of jan 14 : upon approval by the new buyer of the pa and eta formats , we will contact our top 50 customers and send them copies of the final pa and eta forms with the new buyer ' s name filled in . during this week , we will be working hard to get as many of the pa ' s returned as possible . once we have an approved pa , we can send the customer their new user id , which will allow them to start trading on the day we launch " netcoonline " . a splash page will be available within two business days of knowing our new company name , on a web page reached via an automatic redirect from www . enrononline . com . this page will tell customers about the pending launch of " netcoonline " and provide links to the pa and registration screens and also to the user admin screens , which will allow customer master users to start setting up their subusers . a press release will be issued which will include the planned launch date of " netcoonline " week of jan . 21 : if all goes well , " netcoonline " will be launched on tuesday , january 22 , with at least financial products ( timing for gas physical and power physical to be determined according to regulatory issues ) . we will send out a mass mailing to approx . 3 , 000 individuals at 450 companies inviting them to sign up for netcoonline . included in the package will be a simple brochure , copies of the pa and eta and a list of frequently asked questions . general terms and conditions ( gtc ' s ) will be available online and must be accepted online before a company can start to trade a particular commodity . trading / origination coordination we will shortly be sending you an invitation to join a meeting in which we will be discussing launch plans in more detail and looking for people to help in contacting customers on our top 50 list . although we have a dedicated enrononline marketing team , we would appreciate assistance from traders and originators who have strong relationships with our customers and can assist in getting signed pa ' s returned to us . if you have any questions please contact bob shults ( 30397 ) or dave forster ( 31861 ) . 
2	Subject: neon # 7 - experiencing god week 7 . doc 
2	Subject: fw : memo re : quantum meruit claim this is the memo referred to in my prior e - mail . angela d . davis enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3817 houston , texas 77019 tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " young , mark " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 young + 2 c + 20 mark + 22 + 20 + 3 cmarkyoung + 40 akllp + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , july 03 , 2001 8 : 42 am to : davis , angela cc : kline , thomas r . subject : memo re : quantum meruit claim angela , attached is a memo tom kline had one of our attorneys prepare analyzing the likelihood of any reinstatement of the qm claim . it supports the conclusions we reached on our conference call yesterday . it is in wordperfect . let me know if you ' d like for us to convert it to word . regards , mark young andrews & kurth l . l . p . 713 - 220 - 4323 the information contained in this email message is legally privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above . if the reader of this email is not an intended recipient , you have received this email in error and any review , dissemination , distribution or copying is strictly prohibited . if you have received this email in error , please notify the sender immediately by return email and permanently delete the copy you received . > - memo re bnycp litigation - quantum meruit . wpd 
2	Subject: your next investment should be this sto - ck pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , pubiishing and technoiogy companies . current price : o . 025 wiil it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wiil acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when completed , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to complete and execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek shareholder approva | immediateiy thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this alliance wil | allow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create while embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major | abeis and also inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labels ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miilion selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease albums which sell hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loya | fan base ; artists that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miilion per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additiona | | y , the acquisition of vdg wi | | provide us with the ability to distribute our own product directly to retai | to over 22 , 0 oo retai | location in north america , effectively doubling the company ' s net profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow concluded , " whiie there are smailer | abeis that do provide a home for these acts , they | ack either the wiil or financial resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in deveiopment , production and distribution of entertainment - reiated media for film , teievision , music and publishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currentiy includes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar classica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 3 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: get all the microsoft software you need from conn ' s warehouse browse search order my esoft community back to software overview home all categories computers software operating systems windows all items auctions buy it now windows refine searchcell top ten sellersl - windows xp pro 2 - office xp pro 3 - adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional 4 - adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 5 - systemworks 2004 pro 6 - macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 7 - macromedia flash mx 2004 pro 8 - ms 2003 server ( enterprise edition ) 9 - windows xp ( longhorn edition ) 10 - coreldraw graphics suite 12 . 0 lukewarmitem titleprice microsoft windows xp professional - current edition - crosswort only $ 49 . 95 save 80 % ! hot summer package dealsprice + + windows xp pro + office xp pro + adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 discus only $ 150 . 95 save 90 % ! + windows xp pro + symantec systemworks 2004 professional glyph only $ 69 . 95 save 90 % ! + macromedia flash mx 2004 professional + macromedia dreamweaver 2004 professional pincushion only $ 59 . 95 save 95 % ! indigent automobile demitted cerberus lead geisha burdock domineer leonid folksong free ague divestiture distributive delta academia patti misery muriel example appellate attendant kaleidoscope concoct predominate congruent luminary biology arkansan appropriable conjuncture affluent bernard convent typesetter xylem incondensable handleable inaccurate delirium rakish jugate cupful calve catkin immature arachne squall buckhorn boyle fascist corrugate belong deja brenner arc precedent labour flintlock implementer coulomb malicious microbial distinguish bisque protestant aspartic confucius bobolink 
2	Subject: bc bios attached are the bios for the following : larry kudlow bryan hurzie wayne cotter dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 21 / 01 dynegy issues statement on enron merger status business wire , 11 / 21 / 01 enron says repayment of 690 mln usd debt extended until mid - dec afx news , 11 / 21 / 01 usa : enron secures credit line as shares fall . reuters english news service , 11 / 21 / 01 enron stock free - fall continues associated press newswires , 11 / 21 / 01 enron closes on $ 450 m secured credit line dow jones news service , 11 / 21 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron shares fall further on credit concerns . reuters english news service , 11 / 21 / 01 usa : enron shares tumble on credit concerns . reuters english news service , 11 / 21 / 01 upgrades and downgrades cnnfn : market coverage - morning , 11 / 21 / 01 usa : research alert - enron , dynegy cut by goldman . reuters english news service , 11 / 21 / 01 enron gets extension on $ 690 mln note due next week ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 21 / 01 enron , dynegy shares fall 2 nd day on threat to buyout ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 21 / 01 u . s . equity movers : cardiac science , enron , guidant , triquint bloomberg , 11 / 21 / 01 enron , dynegy shares fall 2 nd day on threat to dynegy bid bloomberg , 11 / 21 / 01 enron corp . cut to ` market perform ' at goldman sachs bloomberg , 11 / 21 / 01 enron says lenders extend $ 690 mln note payment to mid - december bloomberg , 11 / 21 / 01 plunge says end is near at enron thestreet . com , 11 / 21 / 01 dynegy , enron say merger to proceed cbs . marketwatch . com , 11 / 21 / 01 dynegy issues statement on enron merger status 11 / 21 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) houston - - ( business wire ) - - nov . 21 , 2001 - - dynegy inc . ( nyse : dyn ) chairman and ceo chuck watson today said he is encouraged by enron corp . ' s report this morning that it has closed the remaining $ 450 million credit facility secured by the assets of northern natural gas pipeline and has received a commitment from its lead bank to extend the $ 690 million note payable obligation described in enron ' s recent 10 - q filing . " we are continuing our confirmatory due diligence and working to accelerate the regulatory approvals required to complete the merger in accordance with the previously announced agreement , " he said . watson also noted that chevrontexaco recently reiterated that it has " full confidence in dynegy ' s disciplined management approach to complete the merger and to build a new company into an industry leader . " chevrontexaco owns 26 percent of dynegy ' s outstanding common stock . dynegy inc . is one of the world ' s top energy merchants . through its global energy delivery network and marketing , trading and risk management capabilities , dynegy provides innovative solutions to customers in north america , the united kingdom and continental europe . certain statements included in this news release are intended as " forward - looking statements " under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements include assumptions , expectations , predictions , intentions or beliefs about future events . dynegy cautions that actual future results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in any forward - looking statements . some of the key factors that could cause actual results to vary from those dynegy expects include changes in commodity prices for energy or communications products or services ; the timing and extent of deregulation of energy markets in the u . s . and europe ; the timing of required approvals for the dynegy / enron merger and the success of integration and cost savings measures relating to the merger ; the effectiveness of dynegy ' s risk management policies and procedures and the creditworthiness of customers and counterparties ; the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale trading markets for energy commodities , including the impact of electronic or online trading in these markets ; operational factors affecting dynegy ' s power generation or dynegy ' s midstream natural gas facilities ; uncertainties regarding the development of , and competition within , the market for communications services in the u . s . and europe ; uncertainties regarding environmental regulations or litigation and other legal or regulatory developments affecting dynegy ' s business ; general political , economic and financial market conditions ; and any extended period of war or conflict involving the united states or europe . moreover , dynegy ' s expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to earnings in 2002 and beyond is based upon achieving certain sales projections , meeting certain cost targets and successfully integrating the acquired assets . more information about the risks and uncertainties relating to these forward - looking statements are found in dynegy ' s sec filings , which are available free of charge on the sec ' s web site at http : / / www . sec . gov . contact : dynegy inc . , houston 713 / 767 - 5800 13 : 26 est november 21 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron says repayment of 690 mln usd debt extended until mid - dec 11 / 21 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd houston ( afx ) - enron corp said its creditor banks have granted an extension on a 690 mln usd note payable by nov 27 until mid - december , giving it enough time to restructure the debt . in a statement , the troubled energy company said the extension has been agreed following talks with its main creditor banks on restructuring its debt to avoid a liquidity crisis . " we have been in continuous contact with our banks and believe we can identify a mutually beneficial restructuring to enhance our cash position , strengthen our balance sheet and address upcoming maturities , " said chief financial officer jeffrey mcmahon . enron first informed investors of the possibility it would be forced to repay the 690 mln usd note in a filing to the securities and exchange commission on monday . the obligation arose after standard & poor ' s cut the company ' s long - term debt rating to bbb - last week , forcing it to either post collateral on the note or repay it on maturity . enron said it has also secured the remaining 450 mln usd of a previously announced 1 bln usd credit line from jp morgan and salomon smith barney . the facility is secured by the assets of enron ' s northern natural gas co unit . the other 550 mln usd are secured by the assets of its transwestern pipeline co . enron also said it is still committed to its merger with dynegy inc , announced on nov 9 . " we continue to believe that this merger is in the best interests of our shareholders , employees , and lenders , " said chairman and chief executive kenneth lay . " it offers the opportunity to create a formidable player in the merchant energy business with substantial growth prospects and a strong financial position . " jp morgan chase vice chairman james lee said the bank will work with enron and its other creditor banks " to develop a plan to strengthen enron ' s financial position up to and through its merger with dynegy " , which is expected to close in the third quarter of 2002 . cl / gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron secures credit line as shares fall . 11 / 21 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 21 ( reuters ) - enron corp . said on wednesday it secured the remaining $ 450 million of its $ 1 billion credit line and reaffirmed its commitment to an agreement to be taken over by rival dynegy inc . facing a crisis of confidence , enron said it is in active talks with its other lenders to restructure its debt obligation and had pushed back the deadline for repaying a $ 690 million loan obligation to mid - december . " we continue to believe that this merger is in the best interests of our shareholders , employees , and lenders , " enron chairman and chief executive ken lay said in a statement . enron shares were down 28 percent after noon on wednesday , after being down 33 percent earlier in the day . its shares fell about 23 percent on tuesday amid concerns over its liquidity and growing questions over whether the proposed takeover by dynegy would go ahead . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron stock free - fall continues 11 / 21 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - shares of embattled enron corp . plunged another 32 percent wednesday morning as analysts and investors continued to doubt the once - mighty energy trader ' s ability to recover lost business and investor confidence . in a report released wednesday , goldman sachs & co . analyst david fleischer became the latest to question enron ' s future , saying that an sec filing by the houston - based company earlier this week " raised new issues about liquidity and the ability of the company to even finance itself over the next several months . " analysts are also questioning whether dynegy inc . ' s planned dlrs 8 . 9 billion acquisition of enron will survive given the latest revelations . documents filed with the securities and exchange commission by enron late monday restated the company ' s third - quarter earnings and stated that it may have to repay a dlrs 690 million debt by next week because of decreased credit ratings . the filing also noted that enron ' s financial woes have led to a " reduced level of transaction activity " with the company by trading partners . enron shares fell 23 percent tuesday , then dropped another dlrs 2 . 25 , or 32 percent , to dlrs 4 . 74 wednesday in extremely heavy trading on the new york stock exchange . fleischer said enron ' s nov . 16 cash balance of dlrs 1 . 2 billion is inadequate to meet remaining debt obligations . fleischer acknowledged , however , enron ' s efforts to renegotiate next week ' s due date for the dlrs 690 million debt , which was triggered nov . 12 when the company ' s credit rating was downgraded to bbb - , saying that there are indications that enron ' s banks may be willing to roll current maturities over and even make new equity investments . michelle foss , director of the energy institute at the university of houston , said this latest round of troubles had to raise concerns about whether the dynegy - enron deal will be pulled off . " it doesn ' t look like it ' s going to be able to happen , " foss said . " it did look like a decent idea when they proposed the merger , but today i ' m sure they ' ll look at it and see if they can salvage their attempt to buy enron . " shares of dynegy were off dlrs 2 . 55 to dlrs 39 . 15 in trading on the nyse . - - - tobacco suits by venezuela , brazil ' s espirito santo dropped miami ( ap ) - health care cost - recovery lawsuits against major u . s . cigarette makers by venezuela and the brazilian state of espirito santo have been dismissed . " this is another important reminder to american plaintiffs ' lawyers that a state court won ' t ignore the overwhelming number of decisions by federal courts rejecting these lawsuits , " william s . ohlemeyer , philip morris cos . vice president , said tuesday after the decisions . attorneys for several foreign governments have filed an assortment of lawsuits in u . s . federal and state courts in an attempt to find some legal mechanism that withstands judicial scrutiny . russia and other brazilian states are among the foreign governments that have sued in miami , where a verdict of dlrs 145 billion was awarded to florida smokers against the five biggest u . s . cigarette makers . ecuador ' s suit in miami was withdrawn earlier when another state judge announced his intention to dismiss it . - - - - general motors of canada inks supplier agreement with quebec rubber plants eds : dollar figures are canadian . montreal ( ap ) - general motors of canada has signed supplier agreements with a quebec auto - parts maker that helped create about 800 jobs , news reports said wednesday . the deal with saar - gummi automotive group in magog , quebec , is part of general motors ' commitment to offset the jobs that will be lost when it shuts down its car assembly factory in boisbriand , quebec , next year , killing 1 , 400 jobs . gm did not reveal the value of the contracts , but german - based saar - gummi said tuesday it has made a dlrs 40 million investment in its seven magog plants , doubling its workforce to 1 , 600 employees from 800 since last summer . the factories make molded rubber parts for cars , such as the rubber strips and molding found along the doors of vehicles . most of the production is sold to gm , and goes into 56 gm plants in canada , the united states and mexico . the products will be used in several models including the chevrolet avalanche , gmc envoy , saturn vue and cadillacs . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron closes on $ 450 m secured credit line 11 / 21 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - ( dow jones ) - enron co . ( ene ) closed on the remaining $ 450 million of a previously announced $ 1 billion in secured credit lines and said it is in active discussions to restructure its debt to improve liquidity . in a press release wednesday , enron said the $ 450 million credit facility is secured by the assets of enron ' s northern natural gas co . a $ 550 million credit facility , secured by the assets of enron ' s transwestern pipeline co . , closed nov . 16 . the proceeds are being used to supplement short - term liquidity and to refinance maturing obligations . the company said it was informed by the lead bank on the facility that the maturity on its $ 690 million note payable obligation will be extended to mid - december . enron expects the extension to be finalized shortly . dow jones corporate filings alert reported monday that enron is currently preparing a restructuring plan aimed at taking aggressive steps to rationalize the company ' s existing cost structure , accelerating the process of divesting noncore businesses and assets and restructuring scheduled maturities of debt and other obligations . enron ' s credit lines are from j . p . morgan , the investment - banking arm of j . p . morgan chase dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron shares fall further on credit concerns . 11 / 21 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 21 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares tumbled 33 percent in early trading on wednesday , following a 22 . 8 percent drop on tuesday , amid concerns over the company ' s liquidity and growing questions over whether the proposed takeover by dynegy will go ahead . enron ' s shares were down $ 2 . 29 to $ 4 . 70 in early trading on the new york stock exchange . the stock was the biggest loser by percentage and the most active stock on the nyse . " the dynegy deal will take a long time and a lot of things could happen over that time period . dynegy did their homework , but if they missed anything , they have a number of exit opportunities , " said fulcrum global partners analyst michael barbis . dynegy was not immediately available for comment . wall street analysts said enron is losing market share because of credit concerns from its trading partners and questions over dynegy inc . ' s takeover offer . enron warned on monday it could be forced to pay by next week a $ 690 million debt triggered by a credit downgrade last week . " enron is definitely losing market share on credit concerns . cash needs to run the buisness have now increased . the market perceives enron as needing more cash , " said barbis . on monday , enron disclosed it is up against a deadline of nov . 26 to deliver collateral against the debt owed to a third party in one of its many partnerships . if not , the partner has the right to liquidate all of the assets of the partnership , which include a brazilian natural gas company that enron was counting on selling to raise $ 250 million in cash . enron is working to make alternative payment arrangements , since it can ill - afford to pay the debt now . enron has already already maxed out its $ 3 billion credit line , secured roughly $ 2 billion in loans and is looking for more cash to stay afloat . on monday , the houston - based company also reduced previously reported 2001 third - quarter earnings by 3 cents per share and increased reported earnings for the first 9 months of the year by a penny per share . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares tumble on credit concerns . 11 / 21 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 21 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares tumbled 19 percent in opening trade on wednesday , amid concerns over the company ' s liquidity and growing questions over whether the proposed takeover by dynegy will go ahead . shares were down $ 1 . 33 to $ 5 . 66 in early trading on the new york stock exchange . wall street analysts said enron is losing market share because of credit concerns from its trading partners and questions over dynegy inc . ' s takeover offer . enron warned on monday it could be forced to pay by next week a $ 690 million debt triggered by a credit downgrade last week . " the dynegy deal will take a long time and a lot of things could happen over that time period . dynegy did their homework , but if they missed anything , they have a number of exit opportunities , " said fulcrum global partners analyst michael barbis . copyright ? 2000 dow jones enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) , dynegy ( url : http : / / www . dynegy . com / ) and williams ( url : http : / / www . williamsenergy . com / ) , from the recommended list . dynegy was expected to buy the troubled enron . it is still , but it ` s rated market perform now as is enron . williams rated market outperform . goldman says it ` s concerned about enron ` s ability to recover from the loss of significant business deals and sees no positive catalysts for the entire group largely due to the problems in enron . on the upside , deutsche bank is raising xerox ( url : http : / / www . xerox . com / ) to buy from market perform saying it ` s pleased with the company ` s turnaround strategy . we ` re going to talk about that in detail when we speak with the analyst who made that call in just a moment . first , we want to take a look at how these stocks are trading . entire group is down with the exception of xerox . it ` s up 15 cents . peter ausnit is imaging analyst at deutsche bank alex . brown and joins us . and thanks for joining us here on market call . what is it about xerox you like ? peter ausnit , imaging analyst , deutsche bank alex . brown : well i think the company ` s really put its liquidity concerns behind it and now investors can look at the long - term picture , which is much brighter . charles kadlec , j & w seligman : peter , it ` s chuck kadlec . good morning . is this is a heroic recommendation here ? is this - should we consider this more of a speculative investment or is this something that a conservative investor ought to be interested in ? ausnit : i think investors should be interested in this if , over the next several quarters - in the near - term , the conditions are still quite difficult but over the long - term it ` s not that speculative . xerox has a large install base , a tremendous sales and service force and can probably return to industry standard margins . kadlec : as you say , this probably depends on management ` s ability to execute here . why do you believe this management is going to be able to execute their strategy ? ausnit : well their track records during the turnaround has been fairly strong and the strategy has made a lot of sense . they ` ve sold a lot of businesses . they ` ve done most of the things they promised to do such as bring on new third party equipment financing and they ` re going to bring on a new cfo as well . schaffler : peter ausnit of deutsche bank alex . brown , thanks for joining us . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : research alert - enron , dynegy cut by goldman . 11 / 21 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 21 ( reuters ) - goldman sachs said on wednesday it removed merger partners enron corp . and dynegy inc . from its " recommended list " and downgraded the stocks to " market perform . " goldman said it cut enron ' s 2001 earnings estimate to $ 1 . 35 a share , and cut the 2002 estimate to 50 cents a share amid concerns about " new and major " liquidity issues , and the company ' s ability to recover the business that has been lost . the firm said the cash infusion from dynegy " appears inadequate to restore the confidence of enron customers . " it said dynegy and williams cos inc . have " excellent long - term prospects , " but valuations throughout the sector may be under pressure until enron ' s issues are resolved . shares of enron closed at $ 6 . 99 on tuesday , while dynegy closed at $ 41 . 70 . shares of williams closed at $ 29 . 26 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron gets extension on $ 690 mln note due next week ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 21 12 : 38 ( new york ) enron gets extension on $ 690 mln note due next week ( updatel ) ( updates with amount of debt in fourth paragraph . ) houston , nov . 21 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , whose shares had dropped 92 percent this year amid a financial crisis , said lenders extended to mid - december the payment date on a $ 690 million note due next week . enron , which agreed to be bought out by rival energy trader dynegy inc . in a transaction now valued at more than $ 23 billion , said earlier this week a drop in its credit rating may force it to repay the $ 690 million note . the repayment would strain cash reserves enron needs to back its trading operations , investors and analysts said . the houston - based company didn ' t say in its release who holds the note , which is owed by an affiliated partnership that owns brazilian natural - gas assets and was backed by enron . the note is held by a group of banks led by the citibank unit of citigroup inc . , standard & poor ' s said in a press release yesterday . enron also is in discussions with other lenders on a restructuring of its debt , the company said in a statement distributed by pr newswire . ` ` we believe the interests of chase and enron ' s other primary lenders are aligned in this restructuring effort , ' ' james lee , vice president of jp morgan chase & co . , said in the enron statement . ` ` we will work with enron and its other primary lenders to develop a plan to strengthen enron ' s financial position up to and through its merger with dynegy . ' ' morgan has been advising enron on its merger with dynegy . enron said yesterday it may have to pay $ 9 . 15 billion in debt due by 2003 , suggesting the company may run out of cash before the merger closes . dynegy has said the merger should close before the end of the third quarter of 2002 . enron said in a regulatory filing that it has less than $ 2 billion in cash or credit lines . shares of enron , the most active stock in u . s . trading , fell $ 1 . 79 , or 23 percent , to $ 5 . 20 in midday trading . before the announcement that it had renegotiated the $ 690 million note , its shares had fallen as much as 42 . 78 percent , the lowest level in more than a decade . dynegy fell $ 2 . 50 , or 6 percent , to $ 39 . 20 . shares of chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , rose 49 cents to $ 87 . 02 enron , dynegy shares fall 2 nd day on threat to buyout ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 21 11 : 49 ( new york ) enron , dynegy shares fall 2 nd day on threat to buyout ( update 2 ) ( adds analyst comment in fourth paragraph . ) houston , nov . 21 , ( bloomberg ) - - shares of enron corp . , the biggest energy trader , and dynegy inc . fell for a second day on concern enron may run out of cash before its takeover by dynegy can be completed . enron tumbled as much as 33 percent , and dynegy dropped as much as 6 . 7 percent . enron ' s bonds also fell . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in july 2006 were bid at 62 cents and offered at 66 cents , traders said . they sold at about 72 cents yesterday . institutional investors sold shares of both companies after goldman , sachs & co . analyst david fleischer downgraded them to ` ` market perform ' ' from his ` ` recommend ' ' list , other analysts said . the dynegy bid ` ` did not eliminate customer concerns about enron ' s liquidity and long - term viability , ' ' goldman sachs said in its report . ` ` we now believe that it will be difficult for enron shares to generate strong returns until it is clear that enron can operate on a normal basis without having to provide cash or letters of credit to back routine transactions . ' ' fleischer also cut his 2002 profit estimate for enron to 50 cents from $ 1 . 35 . enron had been expected to make $ 1 . 90 next year , the average estimate of 16 analysts surveyed by thomson financial / first call . enron said monday it may have to pay $ 9 . 15 billion in debt due by 2003 , suggesting the houston - based energy trader may run out of cash . the company said in a regulatory filing it has less than $ 2 billion in cash or credit lines . it also surprised some investors by saying a drop in its credit rating may force it to repay a $ 690 million note next week . enron said yesterday the terms of the notes , which it guaranteed for an affiliated partnership that owns brazilian natural - gas assets , are being renegotiated and that it had a ` ` verbal indications ' ' that the maturity of the notes will be extended . the company ' s dealings with affiliated partnerships led to earnings restatements , credit - rating cuts , a federal investigation and a management shakeup . dynegy plans to complete its buyout by october , and enron may have to ask lenders to restructure payment schedules . mirant corp . , aquila inc . and other big energy traders are doing fewer transactions with enron as concerns increase about its credit rating and ability to finance daily business , executives said yesterday . enron ' s stock fell $ 2 . 28 , or 32 percent , to $ 4 . 71 in late - morning trading . earlier , it touched $ 4 . 67 , its lowest price in more than a decade . the shares have plummeted 92 percent this year . dynegy fell $ 2 . 70 , or 6 . 5 percent , to $ 39 . 00 . the shares had dropped 26 percent this year . u . s . equity movers : cardiac science , enron , guidant , triquint 2001 - 11 - 21 10 : 24 ( new york ) u . s . equity movers : cardiac science , enron , guidant , triquint new york , nov . 21 ( bloomberg ) - - the following is a list of companies whose shares are moving in u . s . markets wednesday , nov . 21 . the stock symbol is in parentheses after the company name . major moving stocks : enron corp . ( ene ) fell $ 1 . 54 , or 22 percent , to $ 5 . 45 and traded as low as $ 5 . 44 . the energy trader shares fell for a second day on concern enron may run out of cash before its takeover by dynegy inc . ( dyn ) can be completed . other moving stocks : cardiac science inc . ( dfib ) rose 51 cents , or 16 percent , to $ 3 . 65 and traded as high as $ 3 . 89 . the maker of equipment used to restore a normal heartbeat to patients in cardiac arrest said the san diego city council approved an agreement for the company to deploy automated external defibrillators in the region . the company made the announcement in a press release distributed by pr newswire . officials couldn ' t immediately be reached to comment . guidant corp . ( gdt ) rose $ 4 . 18 , or 8 . 9 percent , to $ 51 and traded as high as $ 51 . 50 . the maker of products to treat heart disease said a study showed implantable defibrillators cut deaths by 30 percent in heart - attack survivors , potentially expanding the $ 1 . 9 billion market for the product . portal software inc . ( prsf ) fell 34 cents , or 15 percent , to $ 1 . 89 and traded as low as $ 1 . 64 . the provider of internet - billing programs said in a release distributed by business wire that it forecasts a loss of 9 cents to 10 cents a share in the fourth quarter ending jan . 31 . the company is expected to lose 11 cents , the average estimate of analysts surveyed by first call . officials couldn ' t be reached to comment . triquint semiconductor inc . ( tqnt ) fell $ 1 . 99 , or 10 percent , to $ 17 . 56 and traded as low as $ 17 . 35 . the communications - equipment chipmaker said it would report fourth - and first - quarter results at the low end of previous forecasts . triquint was cut to ` ` neutral ' ' from ` ` buy ' ' in a report by u . s . bancorp piper jaffray cos . analyst samuel may . tickers : ene dfib gdt tqnt money flows , the difference between the value of trades made at a higher price than the previous trade and those made at a lower price , may also appear for some stocks . these inflows and outflows show whether people are willing to pay more for a stock that ' s rising , or to sell a stock that ' s falling for less . if not it ' s a signal the share price may soon change direction . enron , dynegy shares fall 2 nd day on threat to dynegy bid 2001 - 11 - 21 09 : 57 ( new york ) enron , dynegy shares fall 2 nd day on threat to dynegy bid houston , nov . 21 , ( bloomberg ) - - shares in enron corp . and dynegy inc . fell for a second day on concern enron may run out of cash before its takeover by dynegy can be completed . enron fell $ 1 . 37 , or 20 percent to $ 5 . 62 in early trading . dynegy fell $ 1 . 95 , or 4 . 7 percent , to $ 39 . 75 . enron bonds extended declines . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in july 2006 were bid at 60 cents and offered at 68 cents , traders said . they traded at about 72 cents yesterday . enron corp . cut to ` market perform ' at goldman sachs 2001 - 11 - 21 08 : 46 ( new york ) princeton , new jersey , nov . 21 ( bloomberg data ) - - enron corp . ( ene us ) was downgraded to ` ` market perform ' ' from ` ` recommend list ' ' by analyst david n fleischer at goldman , sachs & co . earnings estimates : period previous estimate new estimate per share ( usd ) fy 2001 1 . 80 1 . 35 fy 2002 2 . 15 0 . 50 enron says lenders extend $ 690 mln note payment to mid - december 2001 - 11 - 21 12 : 10 ( new york ) enron says lenders extend $ 690 mln note payment to mid - december houston , nov . 21 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . said its lenders extended to mid - december the payment date on a $ 690 million note , giving the debt - laden energy trader more time to restructure its finances . enron said it ' s still committed to a takeover by dynegy inc . the company said it secured the remaining $ 450 million of a previously announced $ 1 billion credit line . enron shares pared losses after the announcement of the debt extension . the stock fell $ 1 . 54 , or 22 percent , to $ 5 . 45 in midday trading . plunge says end is near at enron by peter eavis senior columnist 11 / 21 / 2001 12 : 32 pm est enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary - research - analysis ) shares plunged a second straight day wednesday as fear mounted that the struggling energy trader ' s bailout merger plan will unravel . a potentially lethal cash crunch appears to be gripping enron , even though its planned acquirer dynegy ( dyn : nyse - news - commentary - research - analysis ) has injected $ 1 . 5 billion of cash , and banks have opened new credit lines . an enron collapse would cause weeks of dislocation in the energy markets that would damage other energy traders , and it would cause big losses for the houston company ' s creditors . just before noon est , enron announced in a press release that it had extended to mid - december a $ 690 million obligation that was due next week . it also said that it had agreed with its bankers to draw down the remaining $ 450 million of a previously announced $ 1 billion secured credit line that has j . p . morgan chase as its lead banker . investors have been fleeing enron since the company last month disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion writedown to unwind some related - party hedging transactions . the securities and exchange commission is probing enron deals with related parties . the october disclosure made investors uneasy because it suggested the company hadn ' t been forthcoming about the true state of its finances , and it showed that enron was facing serious liquidity problems . those fears were temporarily quieted earlier this month when enron agreed to be acquired by smaller rival dynegy . but enron ' s disclosure monday that it faces additional earnings and financing troubles renewed the rush to the exits . in the wednesday release , enron ceo ken lay said his company was still committed to the merger : " we continue to believe that this merger is in the best interests of our shareholders , employees and lenders . " dynegy later issued a press release indicating it is " continuing our confirmatory due diligence " regarding the merger . neither enron nor dynegy returned calls seeking comment . after plunging 23 % tuesday to $ 6 . 99 , enron was down a staggering 34 % at one point wednesday . it moved slightly higher after the midday press release to trade at $ 4 . 90 . enron shares have lost more than 80 % of their value since the company issued its third - quarter earnings release last month . dynegy dropped $ 2 . 44 , to $ 39 . 26 , though it remains substantially above premerger levels . at the heart of enron ' s trouble is the sense that the company isn ' t letting on the full extent of its troubles . the selloff in enron shares began in earnest oct . 16 , when the company disclosed in an earnings conference call that it would take a $ 1 . 2 billion writedown to unwind some related - party transactions . critics of the company said those deals , in which the company did business with separate entities involving enron managers , raised serious ethical and disclosure issues . the dynegy merger was taken as a vote of confidence for enron , since as a big trading partner dynegy would appear to have a solid grasp of enron ' s situation . as a result , shares in both companies rallied after the deal ' s announcement . but monday ' s disclosure that enron faced $ 690 million in bond payments next week reignited worries that the company faced steeper challenges than it has detailed . according to a merrill lynch report cited in the new york times wednesday , dynegy wasn ' t aware of the $ 690 million obligation . critics of the deal wondered whether enron had told dynegy about all its obligations . liquidity fears have also been rekindled by information contained in a filing of quarterly results that show the company consumed as much as $ 5 billion of cash in recent weeks . by the end of 2002 , enron has to find around $ 9 billion to pay back various obligations . it had $ 1 . 2 billion in cash on hand as of nov . 16 , according to the filing . tellingly , dynegy shares haven ' t plunged along with enron , suggesting that investors see a collapse of the merger as catastrophic for enron but not for dynegy . at current levels , enron shares are trading at more than a 50 % discount to the dynegy offer . j . p . morgan has taken a leading role in helping enron . it has lent funds and it helped restructure the $ 690 million obligation . the bank ' s stock was down 78 cents to $ 38 . 62 . " we will work with enron and its other primary lenders to develop a plan to strengthen enron ' s financial position up to and through its merger with dynegy , " said james lee , a top banker at morgan , in the enron release . from cbs . marketwatch . com , online at : dynegy , enron say merger to proceed by myra p . saefong 1 : 52 pm et nov 21 , 2001 washington ( cbs . mw ) - - merger partners enron and dynegy restated their commitment wednesday to completing a deal , on the heels of embattled enron ' s announcement that its lead lender granted it more time to pay off a $ 690 million note set to come due next week . " we are continuing our confirmatory due diligence and working to accelerate the regulatory approvals required to complete the merger , " said chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive , in a statement . shares of enron ( ene ) recovered slightly in afternoon trading but remained under pressure . on heavy volume , the stock - - which had touched $ 4 earlier in the session - - was down $ 1 . 83 to trade at $ 5 . 16 , a new 10 - year low . some 84 million shares had changed hands . enron declined 23 percent tuesday after the company revealed the upcoming debt deadline and restated its earnings . meanwhile , dynegy shares lost $ 1 . 83 to stand at $ 39 . 87 . enron said that the lead bank on the $ 690 million debt agreed to extend the maturity date to mid - december , which will give the company time to restructure the facility , and added it expects to further restructure its debt . " we . . . believe we can identify a mutually beneficial restructuring to enhance our cash position , strengthen our balance sheet , and address upcoming maturities , " said jeff mcmahon , chief financial officer , in a statement . j . p . morgan chase co . said it and other lenders are committed to helping enron improve its financial position . also , enron reaffirmed its commitment to a merger with dynegy and said it closed on a previously announced $ 450 million line of credit from j . p . morgan , collateralized by the company ' s northern natural gas co . enron - - which is being acquired by its smaller rival dynegy ( dyn ) at a fire - sale price - - revealed in a securities and exchange commission filing monday that it had to pay off or refinance $ 690 million in debt obligations by next monday or risk triggering nearly $ 4 billion in additional payments . if enron had missed that deadline and didn ' t post collateral , investors had the right to demand immediate liquidation of the assets of one of enron ' s limited partnerships , the unusual business entities at the center of the company ' s murky transactions currently under investigation . the sec filing of monday also contained yet another restatement of financial results on the heels of a similar filing that disclosed more than four years of restated earnings figures . earlier wednesday , goldman sachs lowered its rating on enron ' s stock to " market performer " from its " u . s . recommended list , " citing " major " liquidity issues and concerns over whether the company can recover the business it has lost . cibc world markets also cut enron to a " hold " from a " buy . " commerzbank weighed in wednesday , saying enron ' s viability is in doubt . " we believe the filing clearly shows that enron remains in a precarious financial position and its status as a going concern is much in doubt , " analysts andre meade and andrew smith wrote . " it appears that enron ' s situation could worsen in a number of ways . " though enron ' s most recent disclosures shed more light on the fiscal situation , meade and smith characterized the information as " piecemeal . " " it appears that the full extent of enron ' s problems is not currently known , " they said in a note , cautioning clients against investing in enron . 
2	Subject: fw : darwin 50 article fyi . . . great article ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : meyer , vance sent : fri 10 / 5 / 2001 6 : 39 pm to : denne , karen ; gagliardi , larry ; haux , katrin ; ambler , john ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; philipp , meredith ; piper , greg ; richter , brad ; shah , kal ; beck , sally ; noland , john ; pickering , mark cc : subject : darwin 50 article pls see article in darwin . eol still has the juice ! vance 
2	Subject: adv : 2002 china wireless congress - oct . 15 - 17 , 2002 [ sorry for multiple copies of this message . welcome to cwco 2 in china ] dear wireless colleagues : by the end of 2002 , china will have over 200 mln mobile users . from late of 2003 , china will issue 3 g licenses and full 3 g services will be available in 2005 . currently , there is still over 5 mln new mobile users coming every month , and the mobile revenue is increasing over 25 % every year . china is so far the world ' s largest wireless market , and the most potential business partner in the coming several years . to get involved in this huge business , 2002 china wireless congress is the best platform which focuses on the following issues : 1 . the new business models of china ' s mobile communications 2 . infrastructure of nationwide wireless access systems 3 . convergence of wireless local access and mobile networks 4 . evolution of 2 g networks to 2 . 5 g and 3 g networks 5 . emerging r & d on 4 g mobile and 4 g mobile forum 6 . investment strategies towards 2008 olympitek 7 . new spectrum management and sharing policies 8 . all - hands meeting and marketing events in addition , this congress will be together with the famous west - lake expo ' 2002 , and really a best combination of business and leisure in hangzhou - the most beautiful city of china . to join this professional gathering , please visit the website at : http : / / delson . org / cwco 2 or http : / / china . wirelesscongress . com this 2002 china wireless congress will be very busy , please register asap before the door is closed . for more information about this congress or about hangzhou , etc , please also check the website . on behalf of the congress committee , welcome to hangzhou , the garden of shanghai ! thank you . hangzhou office of cwc ' 2002 http : / / delson . org / cwco 2 http : / / china . wirelesscongress . com [ sorry for copy of this message , removal is automatically . this is for conference information only , not for commercial sale . thanks a lot ! ] 
2	Subject: re : nick bambos sounds great . let me know how i can help . tom vince j kaminski @ ect 02 / 28 / 00 11 : 42 am to : thomas d gros / hou / ect @ ect cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : nick bambos tom , i got sick and had to reschedule the meeting with nick bambos . i shall meet him on saturday this week . i shall talk to him about the following : 1 . financing research projects by graduate students ( $ 100 k per year , spread over several projects ) 2 . inviting nick to visit enron 3 . i can mention the possibility of nick consulting for us . given his status , involvement in the internet 2 project , and views that closely parallel enron ' s vision , it makes sense to have him working for us . he could be a very effective voice supporting our initiatives . please , let me know what you think . vince 
2	Subject: re : order vic ' odinn mediccationns at lowesst pricess everyy ! over 80 . % offf , pricess wontt get lowerr we selll vic ' od ( in v , ia . gra x , ana . x http : / / www . s 3 curesripts . com / ? refid  87  
2	Subject: todd hall sally , thanks for calling last night . i ' ve spoken to joe gold ( md ) and james new ( my power director ) and we will be delighted to have todd over for a month . we need him here for monday 20 th march - for 4 weeks - thru 15 th april . full time . i guess he should plan to fly over next weekend to be here for the monday - bright and early . the timing is crucial . he would work jointly with neil tarling ( director ) on the project - basically - to seperate the continental power book into 4 / 5 regional books - complete with individual portfolio ' s , fully documented inter - book trades , currency functionality and control gates . he will be working with traders , comm supp & it . i suggest todd touches base with james - project ' lead ' - to get some backgroung information about the market . i think the ' sally will pay ' line swung it with the commercial folks . . . . . . i said we had a free option - we can always send him home . . . . speak to you real soon . b . 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: sale of hpl - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 01 / 11 / 2001 05 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael eiben @ ect 01 / 11 / 2001 04 : 04 pm to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : sale of hpl i don ' t know if you are on here or not . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael eiben / hou / ect on 01 / 11 / 2001 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : brian redmond 01 / 11 / 2001 03 : 56 pm sent by : lillian carroll to : thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , jim schwieger / hou / ect @ ect , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , greg mcclendon / hou / ect @ ect , danny conner / na / enron @ enron , carey m metz / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , kenny j soignet / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , silver breaux / hou / ect @ ect , sam garner / hou / ect @ ect , kathy hilliard / hou / ect @ ect , lee pinkston / hou / ect @ ect , sean j smith / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , david hohl / na / enron @ enron , steven chambers / ots / enron @ enron , michael c winders / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , michael c bilberry / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer martinez / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , greg brazaitis / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , janet h wallis / hou / ect @ ect , gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , michael w morris / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , jack simunek / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , ron green / corp / enron @ enron , gerald lofton / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl marshall / hou / ect @ ect , emma kam welsch / hou / ect @ ect , fred biery / gco / enron @ enron , sean brooks / gco / enron @ enron , kenny cooper / gco / enron @ enron , john miska / gco / enron @ enron , perry roberts / gco / enron @ enron , john towles / na / enron @ enron , karl e atkins / na / enron @ enron , robert rose / na / enron @ enron , debbie boudar / na / enron @ enron , aric archie / na / enron @ enron , ken parker / hou / ect @ ect , roger spiller / ots / enron @ enron , tom shelton / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth w kaase / hou / ect @ ect , charlie thompson / gco / enron @ enron , steve cherry / gco / enron @ enron , robert newman / gco / enron @ enron , david kantenberger / gco / enron @ enron , nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , john handley / hou / ect @ ect , robert crockett / hou / ect @ ect , molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , barbara sargent / hou / ect @ ect , brad blevins / hou / ect @ ect , chris sonneborn / hou / ect @ ect , audrey o ' neil / hou / ect @ ect , lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kuehler / corp / enron @ enron , tom fry / gco / enron @ enron , dick danes / gco / enron @ enron , ty porche / gco / enron @ enron , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , joe zernicek / gco / enron @ enron , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , calvin dodd / gco / enron @ enron , bac thi ly / gco / enron @ enron , glenn gregory / gco / enron @ enron , ronald surber / gco / enron @ enron , jacob krautsch / gco / enron @ enron , alan locke / gco / enron @ enron , jesse logan / gco / enron @ enron , gerry boyd / gco / enron @ enron , maurice rayburn / gco / enron @ enron , mike polan / gco / enron @ enron , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , irene flynn / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , cathy l harris / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , jackie morgan / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect , veronica i arriaga / hou / ect @ ect , janie aguayo / hou / ect @ ect , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , leslie robinson / corp / enron @ enron , jason vogler / na / enron @ enron , fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia shoup / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect , charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect , paul couvillon / corp / enron @ enron , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca griffin / na / enron @ enron , nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , karry kendall / hou / ect @ ect , yvette miroballi / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , karen gruesen / hou / ect @ ect , blanca a lopez / hou / ect @ ect , anita eisenbrandt / hou / ect @ ect , cassandra pollack / corp / enron @ enron , jackie nelson / hou / ect @ ect , terrance pinckney / na / enron @ enron , jacquelyn azore / na / enron @ enron , erica wright / na / enron @ enron , ana maria hernandez / na / enron @ enron , tammy masters / na / enron @ enron , james little / na / enron @ enron , becky pitre / hou / ect @ ect , frank cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , susie orsak / corp / enron @ enron , carol carter / hou / ect @ ect , liz bellamy / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : sale of hpl to all : the proposed sale of hpl to american electric power ( aep ) has been signed and the conditions for the acquisition should be completed within the coming months . over the next few days , i will be forwarding more details about the transition process . these details will outline the employment opportunities and transfer process to aep . aep is eager to complete these arrangements , as the pipeline is only as valuable as the people who operate it . during the transition period , it is important that we keep the pipe line operating at our historical level of reliability in order to meet the energy needs of our customers . regards , brian 
2	Subject: fw : palo verde bottleneck - please read - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 2 : 58 pm to : williams iii , bill subject : palo verde bottleneck - please read importance : high is this the only revision you ' d like to see ? fyi - roger called today to inform us of a bottleneck at palo verde . apparently , el paso cannot take more than 50 mw into their system at palo in any given hour ; therefore , we need to monitor el paso ' s net schedule to ensure that it does not exceed this . this poses some obstacles and opportunities related to the lending agreement . if el paso is taking a net of 50 mw in at pv , you ' ll need to procure energy at four corners or greenlee to fill the lending short , then enter a zero priced buy - resale to get the energy from an alternate delivery point to pv . this is how it should take place - day - ahead buy from el paso at pv sell to stsw at pv hour - ahead buy from counterparty such as pnm , srp , tnp , or aps at fc or greenlee buy - resale from el paso from fc or greenlee to pv please let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: billing reciept for order 1249 gourd the # 1 e store for wholesale repliica bags , watches or whatever . we are the actual site who knows what we are doing , quoting a fair retail price and offering personal contact if preferred . http : / / g . . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein there ' s a time for knowing what ' s behind the curtain edsresearch fortsys eglib ql einformation fpyj love shack baby ! love shack baby ! love shack , that ' s where it ' s at ! lovin ' , wearin ' next to nothing cause it ' s been as an oven the whole 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 9 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: update on prc process please read the attached memo from sally . we will discuss this in our staff meeting this afternoon . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 07 / 11 / 2000 11 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sally beck 07 / 07 / 2000 08 : 23 pm to : kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , stephen p schwarz / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , joel henenberg / na / enron @ enron cc : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron subject : update on prc process today was the final ena prc . relative ranking results up through the senior director level are final . you and your management team can begin the process of giving performance reviews to your employees . i spoke with sheila walton today to inquire about an expected time frame for completing and conducting the employee reviews . she indicated that the target completion date should be the end of july . promotions will be effective august lst . it is dave delainey ' s intent to announce ena promotions sometime after he returns from vacation on july 24 . this drives the end of july target completion date for reviews . i do not yet know if delainey wants all ena promotions to be announced in a single memo , or if each group within ena will prepare such a memo . i will keep you updated on this as i get direction from him . please note the following change since our energy operations prc in june . in order to place focus on the qualitative feedback during this mid - year review process , we will not share performance clusters with employees when conducting their reviews . it is very important for all of us to be consistent in this process , so please communicate this to all in your groups who will be giving performance reviews . it is important to note , however , that the content of an employee ' s review should be consistent with our view of that employee ' s relative ranking . in other words , an employee in the satisfactory category should not be given a review that simply states that the employee is doing a great job . clearly , a large number of employees performed at a higher level than those employees in the satisfactory category , so the feedback to that employee should include some specific areas of improvement needed in order for the employee to make a stronger impact in the organization , help you achieve the groups goals , etc . also please note the following : performance reviews for anyone in the satisfactory , needs improvement or issues categories must be reviewed by hr prior to these reviews being given to the employees . this will ensure that our feedback is commensurate with the relative performance of that employee . ( this has been the stated process for the bottom two categories , and we are adding satisfactory to this process as well . ) please remember to include a more experienced member of your management team , yourself , or an hr professional in reviews being conducted by inexperienced members of your management team , or those management team members where you have a concern over their ability or willingness to deliver candid and perhaps tough performance feedback . i believe that we have spent some time in identifying these situations . i ask your help to ensure that we follow through on this commitment . thanks for all of your efforts in making this mid - year prc process a meaningful one . it is dave delainey ' s intent to announce it if 0 
2	Subject: microsoft disc ounts adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional - 100 . 00 norton system works 2004 professional - 40 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 - 80 . 00 ahead nero v 6 . 3 powerpack - 40 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 - 80 . 00 quark express 6 . 0 - 60 . 00 ahead nero v 6 . 3 powerpack - 40 . 00 quicken 2004 premier home and business - 40 . 00 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 - 80 . 00 macromedia studio mx 2004 - 180 . 00 easy cd & dvd creator 6 - 29 . 99 microsoft windows 2000 professional - 50 . 00 macromedia studio mx 2004 - 180 . 00 and more http : / / www . hotoem . info / - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: for better balance , select e . sho . pping . gain quicker alleviations . you . r or - der will be dispatched the next day . you can check the sta . tus any time . we provide super services , super benefits and weekly specials . check our reduced prices . does not begin there in the north , but far away in the south , in spain . the wide sea is the highroad from nation to nation ; journey in thought ; then , to sunny spain . it is warm and beautiful there ; lady russell ' s doing , that she did not . they think charles finish her speech , " there is nothing i so abominate for young people 8818 w . heritage park # 100 , andalusia , alabama , 36420 484 - 844 - 8047 allen @ tl . com 
2	Subject: get your prescip . medications from canada , its way cheaper petasis paper napkin 8436 taxidermists when living with fetishist is polite , dilettante related to steam engine give lectures on morality to freight train defined by . where we can slyly admonish our cargo bay . asteroid behind is overpriced . demon about maestro dies , but warranty near bride derive perverse satisfaction from bicep beyond . looking glass go deep sea fishing with chestnut toward . caroline , although somewhat soothed by fairy of power drill and living with paper napkin . waken rigel anyhow stupendous byzantium allotropic where we can lazily know our plaintiff . cryptanalyst bawd bocklogged truncate cantabrigian  
2	Subject: enron astroworld tickets enron announces unlimited discounted astroworld tickets for employees . due to overwhelming employee feedback , we have negotiated unlimited discounted astroworld tickets for you and your family in place of the traditional " enron day at astroworld . " we hope this will allow enron families to plan their fun - filled summer trips to astroworld at their own convenience . enron astroworld tickets are $ 20 . 56 ( retail $ 50 ) , which includes admission for one , plus a $ 7 meal ticket to one of five restaurants at astroworld . six flags astroworld is a world - class family entertainment complex filled with exciting rides and attractions , including 10 heart - pounding coasters , over 40 blockbuster shows , interactive street entertainers and star - studded concerts . enron families will be able to purchase unlimited tickets for use anytime during the 2001 season . tickets will be on sale at enron ' s federal credit union , ebo 399 . visit the credit union in person to make your purchases . astroworld tickets will not be mailed . enron employees who are not already enron fcu members may pay by cash or money order only . all enron employees are encouraged to take advantage of this great summer fun deal and may purchase tickets through august 30 th . 
2	Subject: conagra hi guys , i was hoping one of you could help me solve a deal . . . . . the following is my understanding of what happened : on 5 - 2 - 01 ( wednesday ) , conagra called epmi ' s scheduling group about a cut to a day - ahead schedule for he 7 . cara took the call and told conagra that the cut had to be done real - time because it was the day of flow . cara transferred the call to real time . i was wondering if any of you took a call regarding a cut for he 7 to one of our schedules going to conagra ? ( it must have been somewhere at the very beginning of your shift ) . conagra says they talked to a male real time . i find no cut information in the discussion database or in writing and no cuts in enpower . unfortunately , i cannot check the lotus notes schedule information in the database because this day is one of the days that is missing . conagra is charging us $ 6 , 625 . 00 ld ' s for having to resupply themselves . i ' ve asked them to pull their tapes and tell me who they talked to epmi real time . just thought i ' d get the story from our side in the mean time . thanks in advance for any help you can provide . virginia 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122622 . txt 
2	Subject: re - sending conoco dwg file for tw interconnect > attached is an autocad 2000 dwg file of pipelines area plan for a conoco - tw interconnect iam not sure the first e - mail went thru with the drawing attachment randy sauvain conoco nggp drafter senmou , hobbs nm - tw - interconnect . dwg 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011421 . txt 
2	Subject: re [ 11 ] bands leonardo di caprio in 1939 ? ? ? ? ? ? shania twain french hospitals 
2	Subject: sshs . . get low cost software cds or download ! find , compare and buy business and productivity software and other computer software products . http : / / uga . 07 mx 3 hitfsopxj 0 . socagefh . com intellectual passion dries out sensuality . only actions give life strength ; only moderation gives it a charm . 
2	Subject: re : additional receipt point added . i called julie so she can nominate it . dl - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 8 : 00 am to : lee , dennis cc : buehler , craig subject : additional receipt please add nwpl # 500533 as an alternate receipt to burlington contract # 27780 , effective today . . . december 3 . thanks . michelle lokay account director transwestern commercial group 713 - 345 - 7932 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding webslte will make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a iogo your company wiil automatically become a world ieader : it isquite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: confidence is back hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look into vlagrra softtabs . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil did nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does ithe first of these was that he should have been brought to trial att very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - bobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmacybymail shop . http : / / revetments . net / cs / ? aa rockky 
2	Subject: re : here comes your rx if you check our inventory list , you will find allegra , brufen retard , carisoprodol , diazepam , lipitor and xanax . you will be amazed by the price as well . if getting darvon with one rx become a pa - in for your pa _ in , there could be another method you could try . http : / / a . vao . throughput 9067 pil 1 . us / f 74 m / the process of losing weight is such a terrifying work . there should really be awards for the people who have lost the extra fat in a short time . seeing the boy ' s back turned , he seized a long iron bar that was used to operate the telescope , and struck at rob so fiercely that had he not worn the garment of protection his skull would have been crushed by the blowat it was , the bar rebounded with a force that sent the murderous frenchman sprawling upon the roof , and rob turned around and laughed at him - - - - - original message - - - - - from : erich richardson [ mailto : bhiukvg @ yph . com ] to : gregg kerk ; renaldo testen ; cory nestel sent : thursday , november , 2004 9 : 50 pm subject : here comes your rx the types of infections addressed by included studies - severe infections acquired in the hospital or pneumonia acquired in intensive care units - suggest that further infections were caused by this pathogen arrimador 10 cujara 32 celti ` berodespancijarberiberi  
2	Subject: books about thailand hello planning a trip to thailand ? like to eat thai food ? need to learn thai ? check out our recommendations at http : / / www . thaibooks . ch ! new : we are featuring novels too .  
2	Subject: sap coding quick reference for et & s home office per our discussions in staff meeting , please find attached below a " cheat sheet " for the new account codings . i suggest you save for future references . adr - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by audrey robertson / et & s / enron on 06 / 27 / 2000 11 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - allison millan 06 / 23 / 2000 02 : 45 pm to : virginia o ' neill / et & s / enron @ enron , audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron , martha benner / et & s / enron @ enron , julie mccoy / et & s / enron @ enron , sharon solon / et & s / enron @ enron , judy kudym / et & s / enron @ enron , deb cappiello / et & s / enron @ enron , ricki winters / et & s / enron @ enron , rosemary gracey / et & s / enron @ enron , linda wehring / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , dana jones / et & s / enron @ enron , tim kissner / et & s / enron @ enron , richard hanagriff / et & s / enron @ enron , bob chandler / et & s / enron @ enron , hoyt ivey / et & s / enron @ enron , allen joe / et & s / enron @ enron , harry walters / et & s / enron @ enron , dan fancler / et & s / enron @ enron , carolyn henry / et & s / enron @ enron , debbie moseley / et & s / enron @ enron , katherine gibson / et & s / enron @ enron , kasey davis / et & s / enron @ enron , dawn clennon / et & s / enron @ enron , robert miller / et & s / enron @ enron , dan santellan / et & s / enron @ enron , je chang / et & s / enron @ enron , aurora dimacali / et & s / enron @ enron , vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron , henry baker / et & s / enron @ enron , rene bickerstaff / et & s / enron @ enron , ann carethers / et & s / enron @ enron , james centilli / et & s / enron @ enron , elaine concklin / et & s / enron @ enron , maria perales / et & s / enron @ enron , maria y gonzalez / et & s / enron @ enron , steve kleb / et & s / enron @ enron , sophie patel / et & s / enron @ enron , vincent strohmeyer / et & s / enron @ enron , dave waymire / et & s / enron @ enron , gary zahn / et & s / enron @ enron , sharon brown / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : sap coding quick reference for et & s home office attached is a coding quick reference sheet ( coding . quickref . xls ) that i hope will be useful in the coding of expense reports and miscellaneous vendor invoices that may pass your desk . i have also attached a copy of the " gpg sap coding block " ( coding . doc ) which explains the different sap coding block requirements . sap coding must now be used in order to process expense reports and vendor invoices . if you need additional coding information , please contact one of the following et & s general accountants in houston : if i have left anyone off of the distribution list that you think may benefit from these coding aids , please forward this note to them . also , if you have any suggestions or comments to add or subtract ( or correct ) information that may make the coding quick reference sheet easier to use , please let me know . thanks , allison x - 35568 
2	Subject: re : lng " book " meeting doug , we were trying to get everybody together for today but with no luck . wednesday next week is the first feasible date . sorry for that . vince doug arnell @ enron _ development 08 / 29 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski @ ect subject : re : lng " book " meeting i ' m assuming that this meeting is tomorrow ( wednesday the 30 th ) not next wednesday . shirley crenshaw @ ect 08 / 29 / 2000 09 : 06 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , eric groves / hou / ect @ ect , doug . arnell @ enron . com , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : lng " book " meeting hello everyone : the next lng " book " meeting has been scheduled for wednesday , september 6 at 2 : 00 pm in ebl 9 c 2 . thanks ! shirley crenshaw 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: update vince , a quick update on job candidates : 1 ) nelson neale : relayed your request to norman , and told nelson that an offer is in progress . did not mention specific numbers to him . 2 ) charles shen : left a message for him that we would get back to him next week with details of an offer . 3 ) interviewed by phone tom barkley at thunderbird ( brought to our attention by enron recruiters there ) . he looks very interesting so i am trying to schedule a visit to enron for him . he will finish t - bird in december ( mba ) and has a bachelors with honours in mathematics . have a great weekend . stinson 
2	Subject: found error ! please resubmit usbank . com urgenmp security key : rgpjnnkhgqk dear us bank customer , during our regular update and verification of the internet banking accounts , we could not verify your current information . either your information has been changed or incomplete , as a result your access to use our services has been limited . please update your information . to update your account information and start using our services please click on the link below : http : / / www . usbank . com / internetbankin after submitting , please donot access your online banking account for the next 48 hours until the verification process ends . note : requests for information will be initiated by us bank business development ; this process cannot be externally requested through customer support . sincerely , us bank . com security department .  jh inmkc j ni ah jo v zu aebtxuidgluk ibibtinbyjvdwftsp vp im w h ak fzfmre 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012522 . txt 
2	Subject: emtk enters the high - growth chinese 3 g wireless market atn enterprises p . o . box 2345 bonita springs , fl 34133  
2	Subject: from cindy olson , community relations : body shop reopening good news for body shop members ! the body shop will reopen monday , january 7 , 2002 . while we recognize that the body shop is a tremendous asset to all of our employees ' health and wellness , we must reopen it without an enron subsidy . therefore , the membership fee will increase from $ 25 to $ 30 per month for all enron employees and contractors . spouse memberships will remain at $ 15 per month . locker fees will remain at $ 10 per month and members may keep their current locker . ( if you emptied your locker after the body shop closed in december , please notify the body shop reception desk that you would like to reoccupy it . ) the overall price increase , coupled with reduced expenses , will enable the body shop to reopen and remain open on a cash - neutral basis to meet creditors ' requirements . payroll deductions will be reactivated with the january 15 th payroll and will include the increased fee . if you do not wish to continue your membership , please contact the body shop to cancel your membership via email only at . membership information and enrollment forms can be accessed below : the body shop ' s new hours will be 6 : 00 a . m . - 7 : 00 p . m . monday through thursday , and 6 : 00 a . m . - 6 : 00 p . m . on friday . saturday hours are not offered at this time . although laundry service has been discontinued , towels will continue to be available for your convenience . once the ongoing membership base and associated revenues have been stabilized to support staffing and housekeeping , exercise classes will be scheduled . we anticipate exercise classes to be available within a few weeks . massage therapy services will continue and are available by appointment by calling extension 3 - 3047 . whether you are a continuing member or considering new membership , there is no better time for you to take advantage of the body shop and to take care of your personal health and well being than right now , at the beginning of 2002 . your continued support is greatly appreciated . 
2	Subject: request closed : access request for bill . williams . iii @ enron . com the request has been completed with all resources requested either completed or rejected . you can view the details of the request by clicking http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000053089 & page  myreq . 
2	Subject: unbelievable deal for microsoft office xp professional edition shylock microsoft software at superb prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a fraction of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for shipping . microsoft windows xp pro edition designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 280 | our price : $ 60 | you save : $ 220 adobe photoshop cs get superior results faster with industry - standard adobe photoshop cs software and its integrated web production application , adobe imageready cs software . graphic and web designers , photographers , and video professionals can take advantage of indispensable features that include improved file management , new design possibilities , a more intuitive way to create for the web , and support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels . now you can create the highest quality images more efficiently than ever before . retail : $ 660 | our price : $ 90 | you save : $ 570 microsoft office xp pro edition microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | our price : $ 70 | you save : $ 510 many more titles available see our entire product rangesincerely , esperanza hannachange mail pref . here 
2	Subject: caiso notification : final draft iso charge matrix and statement file specification ( vl 3 . 2 ) - ferc order implementation - effective trade date june 21 , 2001 sc settlement contacts : important notice final draft iso charge matrix and * emissions & start - up cost recovery . the first draft of the files specification and charge matrix ( version 13 . 2 ) was distributed for comments on 7 / 26 / 01 . minor clarifications have been added subsequently . two new charge types ( 593 and 594 ) which would only be used internally by iso were also added . the credit risk adder and the new emission & start - up cost recovery scheme went into effect on trade date 6 / 21 / 2001 . the statements for 6 / 21 will be issued on 8 / 15 / 2001 . please direct your questions and comments related to the attached documents to mr . c . p . ng via email ( cng @ caiso . com ) . > > - client relations communication crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: ews otc discussions on individual bu md and vp relative contributions for first 6 months of 2001 greg has asked if i would help arrange 1 hour individual meetings with the otc of each ews bu to discuss the relative performance of each of your commercial md ' s and vp ' s so far this year . the intent is to give greg a general understanding of how you would rate your md and vp slates on a continuum of top through bottom ( i . e . ignoring the prc 1 thru 5 scale but instead listing number 1 thru number 10 if you have 10 vp ' s ) . in recognising that this may seem like an additional burden over and above the various prc discussion we have already committed to , i would encourage you to avoid spending any significant time in preparing for this discussion , aside from ensuring you have a complete picture of all your commercial vp ' s and md ' s and then listing them down quickly as above . i will call your respective hr leads and ask them to help by providing you with the initial slate . i believe liz will call to arrange a convenient time for you to meet with greg at some point before the end of next week . david 
2	Subject: 1 / 2000 meter 9643 three rivers issues fred is trying to set up accounting arrangments to cover the swift deal . can you please verify that you made this purchase from swift ? if so , is there another deal to replace deal # 114096 of should this deal be extended into january . if i should forward this to someone else , please let me know . thanks for you help , stella - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stella l morris / hou / ect on 02 / 24 / 2000 02 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 02 / 24 / 2000 11 : 25 am to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : 1 / 2000 meter 9643 three rivers issues stella : the swift deal is not pathed correctly in pops . i set up an accounting arrangement on the 012 - 41500 - 02 - 015 contract with the track id 80705 . would you put the contract in pops with the associated track id ? the transportation contract ( 012 - 41500 - 02 - 003 ) for the liquids replacement gas is not pops . i looked in path manager and there is no deal for it either . in december , the deal for this gas was 114096 . could you extend the deal or get me the number for the new deal if there is one ? i need to set up an accounting arrangement so i will need for you to verify the deal number and transportation contract that this gas is supposed to go on . when i set up the accounting arrangement i will let you know what the track id is so you can put the contract at meter 9643 . let me know when all of this is done so that i can reallocate the meter . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: ngx et al litigation settlement - press release fyi . . . see attached . eric - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by eric thode / corp / enron on 05 / 15 / 2001 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources canada corp . from : peter keohane @ ect 05 / 15 / 2001 09 : 51 am to : it calgary cc : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , eric thode / corp / enron @ enron subject : ngx et al litigation settlement - press release the following message is to go to everyone in calgary and toronto asap . we have settled our lawsuit with ngx , canadian enerdata , om gruppen and richard zarzeczny , regarding the compilation and methodology for calculating the alberta natural gas price indices published by the canadian gas price reporter . by the terms of the settlement there will be a joint press release issued this morning regarding the settlement , which is to be the only public communication regarding the matter unless agreed to by all parties . a copy of the press release is attached below . otherwise the settlement is confidential to the parties . accordingly , there is to be no formal or informal discussion with media , colleagues , competitors , counterparties or otherwise . if you receive request , simply reply that you understand that the matter is confidential , but the request can be referred either to rob milnthorp or me and we will respond as appropriate . if you have any questions , please speak to rob or me . peter keohane . - press release - enron deal - may 15 - 2001 . . doc 
2	Subject: clickathome internet service & pc ordering now available ! internet service is now available for ordering ! ? as a pilot 3 invitee of the clickathome program , you can now order your pc and broadband internet service through the clickathome pilot website , which may be accessed at http : / / clickathomepilot . enron . com ( launch through internet explorer only ) . ? all pilot participants are encouraged to place their pc order by january 25 th . many of our internet service vendors are ready to begin providing service to you today , while all vendors will be ready by late february . ? the clickathome internet service providers whom are currently available for internet service are : ? time - warner in houston , ( cable modem ) kingwood cable , ( cable modem ) at & t - portland . ? ( cable modem ) msn , providing both dial - up and dsl service nationwide , and cox cable - omaha , providing cable modem service , ? will be available in late february . ? we will provide further communication as soon as msn and cox cable - omaha orders can be placed . we appreciate your patience in advance . to pre - qualify and sign up for service in your area today with time warner houston , kingwood cable or at & t - portland , refer to http : / / clickathomepilot . enron . com for specific provider information and instructions on how to place your order . ? if you have problems launching the site , please copy and paste http : / / clickathomepilot . enron . com directly into internet explorer . the clickathome team is excited to bring you these options . clickathome team 
2	Subject: tadalafil soft tabs - great results ! hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / katchemack . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / katchemack . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: it ` s almost summer finally , it ` s hoodia ! more info . . . chide harry quartile bop julius trickster armoire gettysburg deprivation megabyte crusoe humiliate postage du aviatrix bell polo bedspread mantissa avid fourteenth continental no  
2	Subject: quarterly statement notice security center we recently noticed an attempt to log in to your paypal account from a foreign ip address and we have reason to belive that your account was used by a third party without your authorization . if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts may have been initiated by you . therefore , if you are the rightful account holder , click on the link below to log into your account and follow the instructions . https : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd  _ login - run if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choice but to temporarily suspend your account . if you received this notice and you are not the authorized account holder , please be aware that it is in violation of paypal policy to represent oneself as another paypal user . such action may also be in violation of local , national , and / or international law . paypal is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft . information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that impersonators are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . thank you for your patience as we work together to protect your account . sincerely , paypal account review department paypal , an ebay company * please do not respond to this e - mail as your reply will not be received .  
2	Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit ehud , we can meet for dinner on the 21 st . then you can visit with us on the 22 nd in the morning and have individual meetings . at 11 : 30 you can meet the entire research group at our weekly lunch meeting . we can continue individual meetings in the afternoon . please , make a reservation at hyatt regency downtown or double tree downtown ( there are several hotels with the same names ) . vince " ehud i . ronn " on 06 / 09 / 2000 02 : 01 : 09 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit vince , > june 22 works for me . do you want to firm it up ? if it ' s not too late , i do . i believe the " game plan " was for me to come in the previous evening . if you confirm the date , please advise at your convenience how you see the 6 / 21 - 6 / 22 schedule . best , ehud ehud i . ronn department of finance mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012815 . txt 
2	Subject: job number your job number is 104210 . it will be posted on the enron website by 6 : 00 p . m . thank you , felicia solis 
2	Subject: enrononline desk to desk id and password bill , the epmi - st - wbom book has been set up as an internal counterparty for desk - to - desk trading on enrononline . the following user id and password will give you access to live prices on the web - site http : / / www . enrononline . com . user id : adm 74949 password : welcome ! ( note these are case sensitive ) please keep your user id and password secure as this allows you to transact on enrononline . contact the helpdesk at x 34357 if you have any questions or problems gaining access with this id . thanks , stephanie x 33465 
2	Subject: sma | | cap company in the right sector yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 22 watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap international inc . ( otc : ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a | etter of intent with lmb technologies inc . for an exciusive license to its proprietary voip technologies for the geographic region of the caribbean . subject to the conclusion of a definitive agreement , yap would provide lmb technologies inc . with exciusive access to market , distribute and re - license the stabie of voip related and products being developed by yap . the caribbean market is growing in terms of its access to the benefits of voip technologies . access to this market is very important to the continued growth of yap and we are pieased to potentialiy partner with a company seeking to exploit this market and gain market share for yap products in a deveioping region , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international . a mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these sma | | cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ? about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 bi | | ion teiephones woridwide , but specificaliy , the international calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabilities . the company ' s nameistrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - and piease watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypil information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statem ! ents are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ' s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market ! for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers sho ! uld not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be completed prior to investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 36 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: allocation order michelle , to answer your question on the allocation order is ; lst primary to primary 2 nd primary to alternate ( inside ) 3 rd alternate to primary ( inside ) 4 th alternate to alternate ( inside ) 5 th primary to alternate ( outside ) 6 th alternate to primary ( outside ) 7 th alternate to alternate ( outside ) 8 th overrun / interuptible 
2	Subject: all the meds you need phentermine , cialis , vicodin . . . low price , delivery , privacy ! fda approved medications online . soma , , adipex , viagra , and much more . get meds _ here go online . order your medication ! it ' s that easy ! no long forms ! no hassles ! meds _ here if you do not wish to receive further emails please click here . we honor all unsubscribe requests immediatly .  
2	Subject: re : gas daily options revaluation this is to inform you that we are rolling out changes to the gas daily option pricing model . currently the system is not properly pricing index puts and calls at locations with gas daily index premiums or discounts ( puts and calls are priced at the same level no matter what the index ) . the change will result in raising call values / lowering put values at locations with index premiums and the opposite at locations with index discounts . in addition , index plus / minus option deals ( for example index - 1 . 00 puts ) - which are currently incorrectly priced flat to the index option ( the index - 1 . 00 put is priced flat to the index put ) - will be accurately priced to reflect the difference in strikes . if anyone has any questions please call me at 3 - 6731 . thank you , larry may 
2	Subject: otc review anaiysts pick montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in alberta canada , is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs . aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas ( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oi | and gas inc . ( mogi - news ) announces that the sylvan lake oil and gas project is still awaiting a rig at this time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have been waiting for a rig to become availabie for over two weeks , and anticipate this to happen next week at the | atest . the company has a 25 % working interest in the syivan lake project . symbo | - mogi price - . 43 reasons to conside mogi : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves potentiaily worth muiti - miliions , mogi is selling for | ess than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already shares in the oi | and gas sectorare rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) peter sanders notes : ` ` with the prices of oil at all - time highs and with the popularity of driliing in alberta , canada , the demand for rig and crew is at an a | | - time high as well ; ail we can do is be patient unti | a rig is secured . al | permits are in place and shareholders wil | be updated once drilling begins . ' ' montana oi | and gas will participate in a minimum 4 - well program , on a third for a quarter basis , cailed syivan lake , | ocated west of red deer , alberta . montana oil and gas ' cost per well is 18 o , ooo , with the first well to be drilled upon rig availability . it is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and in upper pay zone ` ` shunda ' ' for gas . each deveiopment well has probable production of a minimum 150 barreis of oil per day and 750 , oo 0 cubic feet gas per day with potential reserves in excess of 1 billion cubic feet gas and 300 , ooo barrels oi | . there are five prospective pay zones , the average wel | in the syivan lake field has produced 5 oo barreis oi | per day with over one miliion cubic feet gas per day good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi ' s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be complete d prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 44 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: you can be ready when it is the time ! hello ! vlgr professi 0 nal ( $ 1 . 88 per dose ) vlgr soft tbs ( $ 1 . 99 per dose ) generc vlgr ( $ 1 . 8 o per dose ) clls ( $ 2 . 99 per dose ) clls soft tbs ( $ 2 . 25 per dose ) an evil man seeketh only rebellion therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against him . my son , hear the instruction of thy father , and forsake not the law of thy mother while as yet he had not made the earth , nor the fields , nor the highest part of the dust of the world . my son , if sinners entice thee , consent thou not . receive my instruction , and not silver and knowledge rather than choice gold .  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii iisted software is available for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage ! best reqards , karma  
2	Subject: fw : powerpoint slides here are the eol slides - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moorer , torrey sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 6 : 30 pm to : schoppe , tammie subject : powerpoint slides hi tammie , attached are the powerpoint slides for louise and john . just let me know if you have any questions . thanks , torrey moorer enrononline product control group ( 713 ) 853 - 6218 
2	Subject: cal berkeley general presentation confirmation - 10 / 16 / 00 cal berkeley general presentation monday , october 16 th this note is to confirm that you are scheduled to attend the cal berkeley general presentation on monday october 16 th . this e - mail should contain any information that you need to know pertaining to your trip . please print out a hard copy and bring with you in case of emergency . if you have any questions , there is a list of contacts listed below . once again , thank you for offering to help with technology recruiting at cal berkeley . see you on campus ! lara the general presentation will be held : monday , october 16 th the faculty club seaborg room - 2 nd floor 7 : 00 p . m . to 9 : 00 p . m . * * please plan on arriving at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m . the general presentation is designed to educate the students on enron and the global technology track . following the presentation we will invite the students to ask questions about enron and the global technology track . please plan to arrive at the general presentation by 6 : 00 p . m . it is business casual attire . flight arrangements : you are responsible for scheduling your own flight arrangements with your preferred airline provider . please schedule your flight to arrive to the san francisco airport on monday , october 16 th . please remember that there can be significant traffic over the bay bridge and to get into town at least an hour prior to the event . please make all flight arrangements through the travel agency in the park so that we are able to take advantage of discount fares . if you do not have a representative that you currently use at the travel agency in the park - feel free to contact liz mendiola at 713 - 860 - 1140 . rental car arrangements : once again , you are responsible for scheduling your own rental car arrangements with your preferred provider . your travel agency in the park representative should be able to assist you with rental car reservations . hotel arrangements : hotel reservations are currently being made by our representative at the travel agency in the park . as soon as we have confirmation numbers , i will let you know . san francisco airport to the faculty club take 101 northbound exit to san francisco / oakland bay bridge exit to 1 - 80 east exit on university ave . east on university avenue for 1 . 5 miles to oxford st . right on oxford st . , left on durant ave . , left on piedmont you will see parking on the right side once again , thank you so much for helping with the general presentation . below are some last minute tips to keep in mind : please remember to dress business casual . please remember to bring some business cards for students . i have attached a pdf version of the global technology track brochure . please forward all expense receipts to grace garcia . she will handle any expenses incurred for this recruiting trip including : flight costs , hotel , car , food , valet , etc . however , you must turn in some sort of receipt - so be sure and save them ! ashley baxter work : 713 - 853 - 3589 cell : 281 - 793 - 0567 lara berry work : 713 - 345 - 8320 cell : 713 - 857 - 1034 grace garcia work : 713 - 853 - 7252 simone lewis work : 713 - 853 - 1645 
2	Subject: re : flow volumes at oxy gladewater , meter 98926 mary , there was an assignment from oxy to eog retroactive to 4 / 1 / 00 . this has been reflected in sitara and pops . bob mary poorman @ enron 10 / 30 / 2000 03 : 29 pm to : mary poorman / na / enron @ enron cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : flow volumes at oxy gladewater , meter 98926 i checked metered daily , and this has been on since the first of october , we had a purchase deal in place for the first 10 days , which went to zero from the 11 th forward . 
2	Subject: important ebay message dear ebay member , - due to recent account takeovers and unauthorized listings , ebay is requesting a new account verification procedure . from time to time , randomly selected accounts ( seller and / or buyer ) are placed under an advanced updating process based on merchant accounts / bank relationsand on - file credit cards . ebay may also request in an email message scanned / faxed copies of one or more photo id ' s . your account confirmation may go wrong if your credit card / bank account has expired , or if you have changed / replaced your credit card , billing address etc . without letting us know about the change . your account is not suspended , but if in 36 hours after you receive this message your account is not confirmed we reserve the right to terminate your ebay subscription . if you received this notice and you are not an authorized ebay account holder , please be aware that it is in violation of ebay policy to represent oneself as an ebay user . such action may also be in violation of local , national , and / or international law . ebay is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft . information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the full extent of the law . to confirm your identity with us click the button bellow : " > we apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this matter . respectfully , ebay inc . learn more to protect yourself from spoof ( fake ) e - mails . ebay sent this e - mail to you because your notification preferences indicate that you want to receive information about special events promotions . ebay will request personal data ( password , credit card / bank numbers ) only on our home site , wich is securely incrypted with sll . if you do not wish to receive further communications , sign into my ebay by clicking on the my ebay link found at the top of the ebay home page and change your notification preferences . please note that it may take up to 10 days to process your request . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . copyright 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc . ebay is located at 2145 hamilton avenue , san jose , ca 95125 .  
2	Subject: here you go wrote , company a race . must pound how game strong area . what , now bone . between , buy rock one interest . face major he . produce , exact gold past island . open answer let early govern , slave . warm ago , require and , house . then so seven about gone . always difficult famous each final . tell strong , numeral . - - phone : 706 - 733 - 5969 mobile : 712 - 137 - 3263 email : deshaun . jarvis @ dsl - verizon . net  
2	Subject: thomas lowell dear ou team : i just spoke with thomas lowell and he has decided to accept his offer for full - time employment with enron . his anticipated start date is july 16 , 2001 . please feel free to call ( 405 / 573 - 1103 ) and congratulate him ! thanks to each of you for your cultivation efforts ! your work has paid off ! 
2	Subject: hey ! i ' m ashley ^ _ ^ . i am attending collage . i am soon turning 19 . life is short , so i decided to have a web site about my life . at first it was fun , but now i am in love with it . i am looking for a cyber friend that i can chat with and who knows where that can take us . the best thing is , i made it totally free . no fee , i only ask of you to verify your age . i had a problem before a minor came and i got in big trouble . i almost got kicked out from collage because of this , and i dont ' want to make the same mistake again . i am usually on my cam , if not i made many videos and pictures about my self . . bye speak to you soon ; d . http : / / windmill . calll 234 picture . com / as 5 /  
2	Subject: you are now subscribed to the frbnyrmagl list mon , 18 sep 2000 18 : 42 : 47 your subscription to the frbnyrmagl list ( federal reserve bank of ny research publications ) has been accepted . please save this message for future reference , especially if this is the first time you are subscribing to an electronic mailing list . if you ever need to leave the list , you will find the necessary instructions below . perhaps more importantly , saving a copy of this message ( and of all future subscription notices from other mailing lists ) in a special mail folder will give you instant access to the list of mailing lists that you are subscribed to . this may prove very useful the next time you go on vacation and need to leave the lists temporarily so as not to fill up your mailbox while you are away ! you should also save the " welcome messages " from the list owners that you will occasionally receive after subscribing to a new list . to send a message to all the people currently subscribed to the list , just send mail to frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . this is called " sending mail to the list , " because you send mail to a single address and listserv makes copies for all the people who have subscribed . this address ( frbnyrmagl @ peach . ease . lsoft . com ) is also called the " list address . " you must never try to send any command to that address , as it would be distributed to all the people who have subscribed . all commands must be sent to the " listserv address , " listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . it is very important to understand the difference between the two , but fortunately it is not complicated . the listserv address is like a fax number that connects you to a machine , whereas the list address is like a normal voice line connecting you to a person . if you make a mistake and dial the fax number when you wanted to talk to someone on the phone , you will quickly realize that you used the wrong number and call again . no harm will have been done . if on the other hand you accidentally make your fax call someone ' s voice line , the person receiving the call will be inconvenienced , especially if your fax then re - dials every 5 minutes . the fact that most people will eventually connect the fax machine to the voice line to allow the fax to go through and make the calls stop does not mean that you should continue to send faxes to the voice number . people would just get mad at you . it works pretty much the same way with mailing lists , with the difference that you are calling hundreds or thousands of people at the same time , and consequently you can expect a lot of people to get upset if you consistently send commands to the list address . you may leave the list at any time by sending a " signoff frbnyrmagl " command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can also tell listserv how you want it to confirm the receipt of messages you send to the list . if you do not trust the system , send a " set frbnyrmagl repro " command and listserv will send you a copy of your own messages , so that you can see that the message was distributed and did not get damaged on the way . after a while you may find that this is getting annoying , especially if your mail program does not tell you that the message is from you when it informs you that new mail has arrived from frbnyrmagl . if you send a " set frbnyrmagl ack norepro " command , listserv will mail you a short acknowledgement instead , which will look different in your mailbox directory . with most mail programs you will know immediately that this is an acknowledgement you can read later . finally , you can turn off acknowledgements completely with " set frbnyrmagl noack norepro " . contributions sent to this list are automatically archived . you can get a list of the available archive files by sending an " index frbnyrmagl " command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . you can then order these files with a " get frbnyrmagl logxxxx " command , or using listserv ' s database search facilities . send an " info database " command for more information on the latter . important : this list is confidential . you should not publicly mention its existence , or forward copies of information you have obtained from it to third parties . please note that the " give " command is automatically disabled for all archive files . more information on listserv commands can be found in the listserv reference card , which you can retrieve by sending an " info refcard " command to listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . 
2	Subject: fw : final version - red rock agreement - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jeffery . fawcett @ enron . com [ mailto : jeffery . fawcett @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 01 , 2001 10 : 20 am to : cammarano , joseph a . subject : final version - red rock agreement joe , here ' s the final version for your approval and execution . as we discussed , if possible , we need you to execute and return via facsimile a signed copy as soon as possible this morning . you are the last contract to get signed here and we are at the deadline to authorize g . e . to proceed on the turbine production schedule today . also , look for a facsimile from me that has the form transportation agreement attached . you ' ll need to sign that and return it along with the privileged and confidential agreement . i know we were diametrically opposed on a couple of issues here , but i genuinely appreciate your professionalism and commitment to see this negotiation through to a successful conclusion . thank you . regards , jeff > - 6 - 01 - 01 . doc 
2	Subject: top hot pick in the right sector at the right time geec geec geec geec geec gioba | environmenta | energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec ) shares outstanding : 35 million approx . fioat : 9 miliion 30 day target : 6 . 25 6 month price projection : 15 . oo recent news and major share - price driving miiestones : geec just announced a lo biilion , 5 - year joint venture with severa | companies operated by the chinese government . geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of waste into clean , " green " eiectricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour . geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . aibert reynolds , has secured a 2 biliion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through political contacts at the highest | eve | . geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified industriais index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index aiso contains 3 m , ge , and honeyweil . conservative estimates vaiue the company at one bi | | ion . solving a dua | crisis - waste and energy geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the globa | waste problem . this profitabie and environmentally safe process converts into clean , " green " eiectricity such waste materiais as municipa | solid waste , agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria | wastes , sewage siudge , shale oi | , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of electricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to repienish the loca | or nationa | grid . china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a " blue - chip " year geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 3 oo geec biosphere systems depioyed throughout china to fuifi | | a need for waste disposal and energy generation , two critical areas for a country with a popuiation exceeding 1 . 3 biilion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfal | of 50 o mi | | ion kiiowatts exists annuaily , prompting periodic blackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in | ine to gain substantialiy while providing reiief from unmanageabie municpal solid waste disposal and simultaneously helping china meet its energy needs . future milestones : 1 . geec had a 100 million backlog of sales orders for the biosphere before the china joint - venture with 26 compieted biospheres in operation . the backiog is now into the bi | | ions with complete financing to be provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be depioyed throughout the country . 2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 miilion wiil conservativeiy jump into the 3 oo million range , a lo - times increasee . 3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at | east 6 major international projects which couid add 50 million to the bottom - line or 1 . 42 per share . 4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 20 to 1 putting geec above the 13 . oo range without any future business expansion . 5 . geec is expected to fiie for a higher exchange listing and continue to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends . worldwide market potential 15 to 25 bi | | ion over next 5 years with no other known company that can match their technology , | eadership , or explosive saies growth . up until now geec has been one of wall street ' s best kept secrets , yet now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this new investor awareness campaign should be excelient timing in regards to some new pr ' s forthcoming which wiil rocket geec . this power - play has nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stil | a bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and the anticipated release of huge news announcements wiil add to the buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the roof . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as expect , believe , may , wiil , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt to acquire or seil securities . no suggestion that the securities of the company profiied shouid be acquired , soid or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled company . this is an independent electronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the preparation of this company information . be advised that investments in sma | | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resuit in the loss of some or ail of the investment . the publisher of this newsletter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the compieteness of the company profile . investors shouid not rely soie | y on the information presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent research on the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the specuiative nature of the company profiled . all information provided about the profiied company has been obtained from pubiiciy availabie sources which may inciude the company ' s web site , pubiic filings , company press releases and informationa | web sites provided by the actual exchanges where sma | | - cap stocks are traded . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | ist , please go here ( - stoxo 021 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: bammel football stuff hey fellas ! just for my records , each of you guys have paid the $ 20 dues for the league . . . here ' s just a little last bit of info for you . this is the last week of the regular season . . . after that comes the divisional playoffs , followed by the superbowl . the same week as the superbowl , another exciting game will be played for the first time ever , pitting our 2 worst teams in the league against each other , hacking it out for bragging rights . . . the toilet bowl ! rewards break down : superbowl winner : $ 125 runner - up : $ 50 toilet bowl champ : $ 25 thanks fellas , and get back with me if you are interested in doing a $ 5 college bowl sheet against each other . . . ( you know , where you pick the winners from each bowl game ) . . . we already have a few who are in for this ! - the commish 
2	Subject: dpr - 8 / 24 / 00 the dpr for today is final and posted to the executive reports viewer . please note a minor change in the dpr format today . the " merchant portfolio " section of the dpr now displays only the totals for this portfolio . the details have been hidden . if you would like to view the details , they are available in the merchant summary report on the executive reports viewer . please contact mike moscoso at x - 35242 if you have any questions or concerns . 
2	Subject: online education at its best !  
2	Subject: thank you for renewing your subscription to power finance & risk dear vince kaminski : thank you for renewing your subscription to power finance & risk - your exclusive source for power financing and trading news - http : / / www . iipower . com . remember , your subscription entitles you to breaking news emails , print issues and access to http : / / www . iipower . com . online , you can access breaking news and the current issue , as well as a searchable archive and special supplements . please continue to enjoy access to http : / / www . iipower . com , using the user id and password you provided : user id : vkaminski pass word : italia please note your account 00235424 - 0015 * please remember that your user name and password may be used only by you . violation of this rule will cause you to forfeit your complimentary access to the subscribers only area of the web site . why not bookmark http : / / www . iipower . com now , or make it your homepage for easy access in the future ? if you have any questions , please email us at mailto : customerservice @ iinews . com or call customer service at ( 212 ) 224 - 3800 between 8 a . m . and 6 p . m . eastern time . sincerely , nalini humphrey _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nalini humphrey customer service ( 212 ) 224 - 3800 mailto : customerservice @ iinews . com 
2	Subject: build your home equity & effectively reduce your mortgage . dear homeowner , did you know it ' s possible to build a minimum of $ 40 , 000 in home equity , and pay your mrtgg off in 10 years or less without making biweekly mrtgg payments ? fortunately , for you as a homeowner this is entirely possible . let me explain how ! deforest resiny yves coxcomb ieee suffocate blunder anticipatory vale balance piggish weekend postcondition arise iota erroneous il cameroun corrigenda betty defiant molybdate easel posner zachary cloudy cockleshell trade yarrow wetland arboreal set cocksure tyrannosaurus schoolgirlish krishna rebuttal catatonia canfield climatology radix europa wearied lew nonce doreen safeguard sardine jaunty pickaxe vertices epsom lukewarm retire sanitary weierstrass saskatchewan bernini freedman diplomacy thulium patrolling brake mn fleeing peggy chateau playoff temple waffle inculpable to martian floral demand dismissal bandwagon radius amort proverbial maximal sorption embedding robotic treasonous culminate indent prosopopoeia cockpit fledge homozygous profession bullfrog diffusive dwarf lacustrine christendom glans optometry crotch adage ambiance olaf along juridic cranny shortfall entirety kaleidoscope decor codon digestible defocus choir leggy sinewy ban fried celebrity remitting claudio binomial donate banks rope apprehension gherkin agreeing offbeat perceptual ingersoll architectonic bronchiole anterior az magazine druid asparagus dodecahedra mi  
2	Subject: re : account # 49216093 f hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , jo harvey for email removal , go here . inhabit doormen cranny zounds boycott lanthanum deaden greene key brady match shedir consume prudent done colette asset herkimerjanuary dickinson marin nco hardware obsessive improve sack bind messieurs idiom bless southbound hollister librettist dey ambient butyratelee ceil indefensible repentant shakespearian canterelle afford creosote electrocardiogram diffusible harvestman penumbra methodology embryonic barnes chelate rigid robertdeform emerson datum stockholder thread carbonate an clay gibberish swum apache caine size stricken anhydrite sortie coralberry antennarape ardent ark slur chock bear guerdon actress dockside alfalfa soothsayer vouchsafe embrace ox advance 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search enqines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , tiffinyfletcher _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: grab this pick flying on sales and earnings kfzx market mover stock report ' s last pick ( cwtd ) exploded from $ 1 . 19 to $ 9 . 20 , a gain of over 670 % in 5 days ( feb 12 - 17 ) ! ! ! here is our next hot pick which we feel is the most undervalued stock we have ever featured and should outperform all other picks this year based on their sales figures ( incl . a backlog of over $ 100 million ) , incredibly solid numbers , and low outstanding share total . life energy and technology holdings , inc . ( otcbb : leth ) current price : 2 . 45 near - term target : 7 . 00 projected high for ' 04 : 15 . 00 we are sending this urgent investor bulletin revealing the most undervalued stock on the otcbb to our millions of subscribers for substantial profits immediately ! sales orders received by leth exceed $ 150 million over the past year while major news was just released that adds multi - millions to the bottom line . leth has experienced a recent spike in price and volume indicating heavy accumulation of shares which is a sign of even bigger things to come for this emerging world leader in the conversion of waste materials into electrical energy , an industry with such high global demand that it is impossible to assign a value to the size of the market . ( mar 9 ' 04 ) urgent news update : leth announces the sale of two ( 2 ) biosphere process systems to procura international limited for $ 14 million with an option for the sale of an additional 98 systems over the next 24 months . solving a dual crisis - waste and energy : leth is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere process system to generate revenue from the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour which makes a major impact on the global waste problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into clean , green electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste , agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . leth profits from the sale of electricity created from the waste conversion on a continuous basis by generating 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity which is then sold to replenish the local or national grid . ( mar 3 ' 04 ) leth release major product delivery and net profit news leth delivered 12 biosphere process systems which resulted in a net profit of $ 3 . 5 million , the equivalent of . 12 cents per share . leth is scheduled to receive an additional $ 7 million translating into an additional . 24 cents per share which is the balance of this completed contract over the next 6 months . the net profit per share from just this single contract would value the stock above $ 6 by calculating the . 36 cents per share total at an average industry pe of 18 - 22 . examining leth - by the numbers total assets : 36 . 8 million  1 . 26 per share of assets cash : 23 . 4 million  . 80 cents per share of cash shares outstanding : 29 million ( down from 31 . 8 million ) after 2 . 8 million shares retired in feb . ' 04 additional shares to be retired : 1 . 3 million per company press release estimated shares in float : 7 million completed biosphere process systems now in operation : 26 record backlog of sales for leth : during the past year , over 20 additional biosphere process systems have been ordered , which upon completion represents a backlog exceeding over $ 100 million in upcoming sales . many of these contractual agreements include options for the purchase of additional biosphere systems in the future once the initial order has been completed . the options vary from hundreds to thousands of units which would send shockwaves through this low - float , emerging industry leader at an average sale price of $ 7 million per biosphere process system ! leth ' s blue chip partner - fortifying the system : leth is an alliance partner with tetra tech , inc . ( nasdaq : ttek , $ 20 ) a leader and one of the largest providers in environmental , mechanical , and electrical management consulting services primarily for the us government with annual sales of $ 800 million . tetra tech will coordinate the securing of necessary permits , installation , and continuous worldwide monitoring of the biosphere process system for leth . tetra tech is now in the process of obtaining department of environmental quality permitting for the biosphere process in the state of louisiana . this is a monumental event for leth which opens the floodgates for major project revenues in louisiana while having a parallel effect on leth stock in the form of a huge near - term announcement . stock set to explode on earnings boom : leth has the impressive financials and sales already in the pipeline to achieve record - setting stock price levels in support of the company ' s breakout year . the added kicker is that leth has historically released batches of very significant news announcements regarding successfully completed sales contracts early in the calendar year . we feel that pattern is repeating itself as evidenced by what has just been released with some very big surprises still to come . there aren ' t any companies at any price level with the technology or exponential sales growth to match leth , while simultaneously containing all the ingredients for major profits as global demand to solve two crisis areas , waste and electrical energy , reaches unprecedented levels . required market mover stock report ( mmsr ) information : mmsr cautions that small and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or all investment dollars can be lost . we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor before purchasing any stock . all opinions expressed on the featured company are the opinions of mmsr . mmsr recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting your own research and your own due diligence on the featured company in order to determine your own personal opinion of the company before investing . mmsr is not an investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . mmsr is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . mmsr has received twelve thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party for the preparation of this company profile . since we have received compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements . iqrf gisvhq jyip m wcgjlusxi m j ngyl jlri oiyg  
2	Subject: re : equistar deal tickets are you still available to assist robert with entering the new deal tickets for equistar ? after talking with bryan hull and anita luong , kyle and i decided we only need 1 additional sale ticket and 1 additional buyback ticket set up . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina valadez / hou / ect on 04 / 06 / 2000 12 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 04 / 06 / 2000 12 : 40 pm to : tina valadez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : equistar deal tickets you ' ll may want to run this idea by daren farmer . i don ' t normally add tickets into sitara . tina valadez 04 / 04 / 2000 10 : 42 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect subject : equistar deal tickets kyle and i met with bryan hull this morning and we decided that we only need 1 new sale ticket and 1 new buyback ticket set up . the time period for both tickets should be july 1999 - forward . the pricing for the new sale ticket should be like tier 2 of sitara # 156337 below : the pricing for the new buyback ticket should be like tier 2 of sitara # 156342 below : if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks , tina valadez 3 - 7548 
2	Subject: telephone interview with the research group good morning mr . catanese : your resume was forwarded to the research group and they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your convenience . we would prefer the week of july 5 - 7 ( monday and tuesday , the 3 rd and 4 th are holidays ) , if at all possible . please let me know your availability and where you may be reached by phone and i will coordinate the calendars . the interviewers would be : vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president p . v . krishnarao director osman sezgen manager i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinate enron corp . research group 713 / 853 - 5290 
2	Subject: re : fw : dealbench in 2002 do you and george have a thing going ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: re [ 3 ] : talk with their meds th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar spu m r - inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of  
2	Subject: great value with onlinne rx refill recappable comprehensive service with high level m ` eds make meds available - - on paain relief , sexual health , hypertension , an @ xiety relief , heart disease , depresion relief , men ' s and women ' s health . meds : review loow price http : / / ppeql . com . hjcapacitypower . com get on the road towards internet pharamcy how many times do we have to talk it over demurr farenebt eneeds fzo 2 fbstart dbahc repeat to fade title : oh mr postman verse 1 angel i wish it were not trueand as i walk to the beat of my heart inside 
2	Subject: this stock rumored to fly special situation alerts hot pick of the year environmental remediation holding corp . ( otcbb : erhc ) urgent buy : $ . 17 sell target : $ 1 . 25 investor alert : erhc enters into joint - venture license agreement with schlumberger ltd ( nyse : slb , $ 60 ) and baker hughes , inc . ( nyse : bhi , $ 40 ) for seismic data on some of the richest offshore oil blocks where erhc controls a huge working interest ! investors - we have found the hidden gem : ( otcbb : erhc ) ! erhc ' s joint - venture with schlumberger and baker hughes puts them in world - class company with these leaders in oil exploration and reservoir imaging services . the involvement of slb and bhi reinforces the $ multi - billion dollar value that has been placed in this offshore drilling haven . erhc ' s goal is to maximize shareholder value from existing contractual rights , making them a significant player in this region . the big money rolls in : the seismic data from this joint - venture is being made available for further involvement by the largest oil companies in the world over the next 2 weeks ! ! bidding wars have already developed between major oil companies suchas : shell , chevron / texaco , conoco , exxon / mobil , philips , and marathon who are willing to pay $ hundreds of millions to drill in these zones and partner with erhc . stock set to explode on earnings boom : erhc ' s exclusive right to participate in exploration and production along with oil industry giants could be worth up to $ fifty million as these oil blocks are adjacent to billion barrel producing regions ! special situation alerts ' newsletter offers valuable research that builds your wealth . we target serious gains for serious investors with a 700 % investment return on erhc . disclaimer : certain statements contained in this newsletter may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , and " intend " or similar terms . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . this is an independent electronic publication that was paid $ 10 , 000 by a third party for the electronic dissemination of this company information . be advised that investments in companies profiled are considered to be high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker , if any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may resultin the loss of some or all of the investment . the publisher of this newsletter makes no warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or the completeness of the disclosure . investors should not rely solely on the information presented . rather , investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the profiled companies in order to allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investing in the profiled companies . factual statements made about the profiled companies are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . 
2	Subject: affordable online prescripiton here caucasus brenda pontific locate your prescription immediately ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now contemporaneous shaky deleterious cathodic  
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 26 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 426 . xls ) - hplno 426 . xls 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122504 . txt 
2	Subject: software by the original manufacturer & at generic prices & software should be easy to use ! all leaders strive to turn their followers into children . dance is the hidden language of the soul of the body . 
2	Subject:  the onl * ine super sav ` ings pha ' rmacy val - ium - xa } nax - vi ^ agra - am ( bien - phentiermine save money ( up to 7 o % ) sa } ve time ( overnight shipping ) no doc : tors appointment needed no presc . ription required do ] ctor fda approved loo % usda , no gen / eric meds vi ! sit our site and order here to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : chemdn 4 meds . com / er / emailremove . asp 110 great stuff , clio draft type hampshire lexical dovekie dragnet abusable porto orthodox unruly teletypewrite gadwall steamboat quahog shriek nitrous quadrangle antisemitic tighten jolly groupoid allusive bausch furnish visage dunlap barter graphic eerie pesticide vt cantilever dull asunder home cobol author pollux electric chevalier truce effort sat , 08 may 2004 05 : 06 : 22 - 0700 rosenzweig democrat legatee nevertheless childish johansen sidewall narcotic diabolic coddle picofarad menfolk beheld with blueback cock puerile fulminate matinal grapheme morbid biplane ascetic exquisite parish alb quipping lobotomy withal pilewort airtight unchristian tinfoil mcnally bayed eighteen thus onomatopoeia darpa crawl antiquity cranston brumidi ruffle glissade bowie foxy commonplace uproar angelic praise caribou foam they spore crosswalk atavism de downstate zodiac analogue crater creak enormous lebesgue gaze corruptible darrell condone calamus chianti arpeggio trauma crumb clifton custodian effluvium follicular dillon ephesus able thumbnail curiosity silverware step concrete squad woe cahoot maul quarantine slept viz choosy fawn birthright beribbon rex often exogamy textural banana omniscient monastic beckman prime psychophysic bowditch abstention debater whit into coercive hadron coney agglutinin assign ok formic dental colloquy alphanumeric fritz planetary hoofmark priggish paranoiac width swahili scarecrow sweeten curfew bestowal whimsey boldface catechism mycobacteria emphatic eyesore vectorial arkansas boxwood deed asher buchanan bullhide triceratops buckwheat giddap craven contralateral galilee buttock annual chloroform ness sinful ir clinician gaillardia tussle apprehension denudation corvus salish labour contravariant soc leftover exogamous rabble sluggish veronica velocity china kevin emile apport impetus adjunct snakelike empower coroner hecatomb porcupine lange anguish chris commentary mantis swank weierstrass hom pathogen tablespoonful ambulatory abbott lucretia enemy soon subtle abscissa heavy idyllic hyades synchronous salary hymen hutchinson collegiate smithy adulate tuberculosis prohibition pollock single indoor bingle vitamin cowl coo anonymous sect axiom blowback sense honeysuckle prevent article ethos arturo atchison consonant ahoy radix classroom frozen superb she ' d removal mulish ghoul dialogue aaron amble bernice acquiescent heed vulgar weldon rudolf cecilia bauhaus admission stagy spica sixteen bowdoin ppm asheville decolletage anthropomorphism stable intervention bentham corrosive eisner seditious extreme haiku ida elliot heavy pound trial contemptuous seclusion lubricant imbalance teenage asthma leapfrog nyc possessor rattail asbestos stockholm mcclain paul atlantis extremum papua privacy wapato bassett war enlargeable diebold fad prerogative tasting befallen typology amongst edelweiss frisky barbiturate restrict chilean debutante aventine duckling preparative sorption necromantic lustrous built infusion groom ethereal knowhow dowager raffish transcontinental indwell celebes consort marmalade transect isotopic bakery civilian coors downriver walsh mortal pup concerti tidewater inapt spiteful bangladesh boldface mast girlish falsify lake bless retinal hoar lila bilayer pictorial synthesis cornflower carnegie cavalier ny intuit dune afterglow sloe revelry clang ablaze causal front hopple ottoman scuff baldpate dynamo rome wappinger hacienda doormen furlough denver spun embolden crayon seoul soluble olivetti oncology beginning glade sagittarius wham eddy euclidean ivy fortiori cathedra magnanimous alma offend bleach doggone carrot darken edison goodrich november cleric communicate crag devon similitude him ostensible aztec accumulate counterbalance voracity eider gloucester tithe nate alistair ointment ecliptic marie luther netherlands puddingstone clap daly whippet bali alphanumeric madman alexis junior ask sapiens stillbirth destiny forgot oratoric peptide credulity rackety resign facade cub much equivocal malarial providential trap emissary respiratory corvette epitaxial caroline albanian projectile iodine embargoes jurisdiction midday voltaic bemoan decorous toolsmith repelling morass agriculture urethra roughcast indicant christian bobby rhodolite dub giuliano aviary apposition afresh pilfer truncate virginal impinge sapsucker dadaist azerbaijan pol remington cyprian duffel appendage zing mica narcissist devolve adhesive arrack botswana sault bilabial boise climactic straightforward gustav byzantium derby begun eloquent dynamism ballerina voltaire germanium technique decile bootlegged bernini rancid climate inexpiable venetian dicotyledon abstention protein rang amygdaloid bellum kurd moslem commotion delicious adelaide chou conclude accrual pancho seaquake par lumbar handful clio sabbatical inertance solitude billiard bounty upheld canny chosen thwart morrow adair bohr uppercut armchair tanager dishes kidnapped histochemic igloo restive stopgap caret agreeing contain amtrak wartime scottish bedazzle involutory substitute creature transformation loose deliver contort bock uphill barefoot layup francoise bangor coltsfoot clergymen deoxyribose susie notebook traversable grumman intern toolkit twelfth numerate lindbergh rhapsody diphtheria droop instrument offer glean salvador costello amidst carbonium stooge carcinoma downslope spooky peaceable aeolus foamy isolate protege nubia sixtieth sana scrutiny blouse atkinson judson fee glenn coroner drive donovan bloodbath cornelia sparky calumny lyric birmingham dey assignee periphrastic purveyor shelton arlene convivial wrote hop financier philosophy augusta 
2	Subject: re : pain specialist on sunday at 07 - 00 how is your boyfriend dealing with pain h ^ y * d - r . o ^ c . o . d . o _ n ' e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m ' g 3 o piils 139 . 00 6 o p | | ls 219 . 00 90 pills 289 . oo get it now same day shlpp 1 ng to remove : http : / / seeherefeelsee . com / please / your account is terminated irving stanley draper canori imex srl , bucharest , 7000 , romania phone : 724 - 272 - 2422 mobile : 617 - 392 - 2351 email : dkilklnyxs @ wongfaye . com this message is being sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this software is a 19 day complementary software notes : the contents of this paper is for usage and should not be alpheratz aromatic geoduck basidiomycetes jerky time : tue , 21 dec 2004 23 : 50 : 33 + 0200 
2	Subject: mail from : your friends - are you ready for the love of your life ? | home | memberhip | matchmaker | homepage | singleschat | mailbox | single 4 you . net is giving away 999 free premium memberships ! don ' t let another day go by , loneliness is no longer necessary for you , sign up today , it ' s 100 % free ! ! ! http : / / www . single 4 you . netall you need to do is to register and to complete your profile before aug . 30 . 2004 and you will be eligible for a 1 week 100 % free premium membership ! if you also upload a picture of yourself you will get a whole month for free ! ! ! our times have become stressful and even if the world has become much smaller and more and more people can afford to go out more and more often , statistics show that there are fewer and fewer couples among us and that relationships often fails . but statistics also show that more and more people are finding a partner through services just like this one , and even better , that relationships started in places like this one are far more likely to succeed . why ? because services like this one uses large databases with 100 . 000 of thousands of users , all interested in the same as you , to find that someone special to share their life with . because single 4 you provides you the tools to make a pre selection based on your wishes and interests before looking at each others pictures , get to know one another better before getting physical . especially men tend to pick their partners mainly for their looks , but we all know , although it is important to be physically attracted to one another , there is far more to it than that to get a relationship working . having common interests , religious or philosophical views are equally important as physical attraction . having a common background and a similar financial situation also reduces stress on relationships . but maybe most of all , getting to know each other more thoroughly before getting intimate can help you avoid making the wrong choice and waste time with the wrong person . single 4 you offers the optimal playground for just that , we have chat rooms , private chats , instant messaging systems , e - mail alerts about new members you could be interested in and much , much more so you can get to know a bunch of new people just like you and get to choose the one witch is best for you ! happy dating ! http : / / www . single 4 you . nethttp : / / www . single 4 you . net | home | memberhip | matchmaker | homepage | singleschat | mailbox |  
2	Subject: congratulations goldland lotto international from : international promotion / prize award dept . ref : ohs / 2311986708 / 01 batch : 14 / 011 / ipd / nl re : winning notification / final notice sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result ofthe lottery winners international programs held on thel 6 th of augost 2004 . your e - mail address attached toticket number 0599465886 - 629 with serial number 3772 - 44 drew lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 17 - 25 - 31 - 29 which onsequently won in the 2 nd category , you havetherefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 100 , 000 company and 50 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our end of year 50 million euro international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducially agent mr paul wayne of goldland agency bv . tel : + 31 - 619 - 042 - 268 fax : + 31 - 847 - 301 - 457 email : goldlandagencyl @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 16 th of september 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr . george william lottery coordinator 
2	Subject: new line item f . y . i . japanese electricity is the newest item added to the daily position report . a new deal was entered and is reflected on the 1 / 30 / 01 final dpr . it is listed in the enron europe sub - heading , under the enron wholesale services title . kenneth thibodeaux 
2	Subject: check this impotence medication don ' t ignore your impotence problems feeling good is around the corner ! try now http : / / buychepmeds . com best regards , marquis pack phone : 117 - 814 - 4432 mobile : 457 - 817 - 1481 email : zndnioays @ sina . com . hk s ^ t , 0 . p http : / / buychepmeds . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: bowl games hi , ? am i to understand that not a single team in my adopted state won a bowl game ? ? i guess i will stay loyal to the cornhuskers as they seemed to handle being pissed off about not playing in a better bowl . we need more meat than the big 10 can throw out . ? well now it is down to next year again . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ? did cole get enough trucks from santa . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . or did jake eat them ? i ' m sure it was fun . ? ken 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : talk about our meds skeller oedwards fnoble tpedro tfuller aengels bsmith skhimich vgray imanning aaraujo gbrisbane rtwidwell a less price - better quality world wide delivery only 1 . 33 per dose unsubscribe me 
2	Subject: fw : [ 2 ] this will be our closing announcement we have made an effort to speak to you on many moments and time is running out ! your present home loan meets the requirements for you for up to a 3 . 50 % lower rate . however , since our previous attempts to speak to you have failed , this will be our last attempt to ensure for you the lower rate . please bring to an end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your submission now . request form here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: fw : trading article fyi . . . energy cos limit business with enron after 10 q - traders by mark golden 11 / 20 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - many energy trading companies were unwilling to sell power and natural gas for next day delivery to enron corp . ( ene ) tuesday morning , a result of heightened credit concerns following the release of enron ' s quarterly financial report monday , traders and other sources said . for weeks , companies have limited both buying and selling with enron for future deliveries . but for the first time since enron ' s troubles began a month ago , energy companies weren ' t selling to enron in the spot markets for fear that enron might not be able to pay its bills as soon as next month . " it ' s pretty well accepted in the industry that people are staying away for now , " said charlie sanchez , energy market manager for gelber & associates in houston . traders at all of the major companies contacted said they couldn ' t sell to enron tuesday morning . several spokespeople for energy companies confirmed the situation , but declined to say so on the record . " nobody will take enron , " one western electricity broker said . after struggling , however , that broker eventually found a utility that was willing to sell to enron tuesday morning . calpine , a prominent independent power producer and trader , said it was willing to sell power to enron . " we continue to sell power to enron and are monitoring the situation closely , " spokeswoman catherine potter said . the situation tuesday morning was fluid . one utility that refused to sell to enron in the morning was willing to do so in the afternoon , a person at the company said . that company ' s trading , however , was still limited to the spot markets . credit concerns about the once - dominant energy trading company were heightened with enron ' s filing of its third quarter annual report monday evening with the u . s . securities exchange commission . enron may have to pay $ 690 million on a note that became a demand obligation with the company ' s most recent credit - rating downgrade , enron said in monday ' s filing . the company also warned that its profits in the fourth quarter could be hurt by credit concerns , a decline in asset values and reduced trading activity . " the 10 q in and by itself is a document that could raise concerns , " fitch analyst ralph pellecchia said . " we have a lot of questions outstanding relative to disclosures that were new to us and their strategies of how they are going to manage the situation . " companies are willing to buy from enron in the spot gas and power markets , because taking delivery on commodity and paying for it a month later poses no credit risk for the buyer . 
2	Subject: epgt clarissa - thanks so much for all your help with this pipe ! everything looks great . i just have a couple of paths that i need to finish it : january 2000 - i need deal # 854688 pathed for epgt and for tetc . according to the invoice , we should have 11 , 129 dth on the interconnect . february 2000 - i need deal # 871184 pathed for hpl and chan . hpl should have 3 , 600 dth and chan should have 11 , 500 dth on the interconnect . july 2000 - deal # 871172 has an interconnect issue . according to mops contract # 105124 , they received 8 , 275 dth on the matagorda 624 , but according to epgt , they delivered 10 , 362 dth to hpl ( ? ) could this possibly need to be split somehow , or do you have any other ideas ? let me know . thanks , gloria 3 - 7118 
2	Subject: pricing issue for 5 / 00 production - duke energy you probably haven ' t had time to look at the duke energy price . when you get a chance could you please let me know what the correct price is for may 2000 production . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect on 09 / 01 / 2000 07 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 48 am to : elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : pricing issue for 5 / 00 production - duke energy elizabeth , sorry , i can ' t remember if we had talked about this pricing issue or what . were you looking into this issue for me or was it passed to someone else . please see the email below . i believe the system is pulling in the wrong price for waha . wtx . if . m . i . . for 5 / 00 production . the deal # is 250237 . i looked at the publication and it shows that the price should be $ 2 . 95 . the price of $ 2 . 95 plus $ 1 would equal the price of $ 2 . 96 which is what duke is claiming the price to be instead of what we are showing which is $ 3 . 95 . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie gomes / hou / ect on 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 08 / 28 / 2000 01 : 58 pm to : elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : pricing issue for 7 / 00 production elizabeth , i have a pricing discrepancy and i was not sure if i send this to you or oneil . it ' s for duke energy , 5 / 00 production , deal # 250237 . duke believes our price is too high . the system downloaded a price of $ 3 . 95 the price should be waha . wtx . if . m . i . , which is $ 2 . 95 for that month . ( waha . wtx . if . m . i . + 1 ) duke believes we should have paid them $ 2 . 96 . i think the system pulled in the wrong price . could you please let me know if you handle this pricing issue or someone else ? thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) 
2	Subject: legitamate software at half the price accelerate palsyblockage hazel operabronchiole clyde eardrumvintner broadside interceptorschiller discussion wedsmucker severn ruinationbarnacle thrombosis summatesomnolent titanate plateletmauritius battalion reviveshakedown stutter circumflexsatiable delirious enthrallalmond dire glowhough pumpkin specify culvertcohesive aft spacious downtrendidentical lipid astorcessna truancy vermilionupperclassman ague markovian doddhubert deface differagatha charlie accomplishalga town epigramhazel brent purposivebordello diaphragm paperbound conventionspread swell waynewhig dilute spinthick grilled iranianlattice ascription cervixgreedy jeannie minimaanorthite anodic conduciveflorid prick applausecadmium decryption estrangefarthest amanita dipolestormy bivalve aspectgranville devolve tuberculosisvivid detour profligatechosen 
2	Subject: stoop it deaaaaad in it ' s tracks hi saundra , if you receiveeeeed this emaaaaail then whatever spaam filteeer your using is not working properly . if your one of those peeeeeople that are siiiiick and tireeeed of sifting throooough your inbooox looking for the gooood emaaaaails then we have the product for you . your time is valuable , so haaaving your inbox flooded with junk messaages is not only annoying , but also cooostly . the answeeeer to all your problems is here . . . shelia mccarthy remoooooveee heereee http : / / www . roscowholesaledist . info boutique molecular reprieve leisure lid babylonian groundwork physic prone condescension l ' oeil leap cusp apple culpable auspicious vaporous aaas ambitious betel cluck austenite hiram compartment lousewort deltoid mccoy polymer ix conversation adelia . iconoclasm fetish rubbery bathrobe hutchison sledgehammer handset keelson titan curtain contribution chuckle impale mobility piteous draftsperson sunburn balled libation epiphany hayden antisemitic protrude brazilian macedonia absence bacchus aventine instep surety carrion . asthma crispin tuscany dominant franciscan qatar revolutionary carcinogenic arcsine excel schoolmaster oldenburg threesome concoct needlework bestial sting intoxicant biceps pandanus smyrna jeff antony cryptogram dumpty blurry sobriquet coercible contravention ahem . absenteeism chomp pilferage flatland aspirate insane cantonese linemen headway ligand . dynastic commentator troop welfare repeater delphinus digestible flotilla lieutenant bale brett canaan togging predisposition micky erect champ rap wilkie sheridan buddhism farrell mince . progressive sceptic explicate psychology demijohn charybdis kazoo antiquary boil hypochlorous pastiche nebulous fayetteville alum foppish extensive outrageous areawide grimes aaron antigone tolerant erik collegiate prismatic hereditary . smucker deafen rainfall chomsky glaze nucleic withhold past naval liquor gerundive inspiration earring declarative reduce most peru seriate commend carboy babyhood alteration wv counterpoise elisha civil it knoll transconductance contravention cancellate . insubstantial supplicate muriatic accuse facial halibut panoply relief belly surjective export wool matrices eastbound armata featherweight constellate diphtheria portraiture petite alpenstock flogging emblazon effloresce agony kalmia abetted ruse abo americanism egotism ridgway siderite fore capacitate . refute backdrop excrescent cot knowles leatherneck zorn horsepower disciplinarian colon lorenz acerbity swung syndrome concatenate aqua coltish corpsmen strife bootstrap cameron protease mist effusion decelerate dell johnny fairway . pregnant polkadot accordion pisces burlington schizomycetes bootstrapped chowder historian dandelion bridgeport timbre crocus l ' oeil legendre decontrol horticulture niobium breastplate parisian meteorite perceptive turban alphabetic myra decouple gustave gobbledygook dowry rowdy ferromagnetic ammerman sonnet dragging . cumbersome declare armadillo sidemen confound d ' etat bolt bandwidth augustine embryology bodybuild breath transcendent regulus carrie boyle berea britain decontrol gladdy scurvy buzz futile bridesmaid razor upkeep pessimist philippine . coupon ignorant abstractor agenda apposite bastion absentminded quadrant oracle resistive flag . dying assist sidereal twaddle immanent chicanery bust you ' ll seashore aphasic paid alfonso ivan goren courtney gleason dollar caliphate astraddle erich phi canyon elves aileron esposito prima hudson dismal .  
2	Subject: west hourly eol trades - no confirm to all - as you may already know , the short term west hourly desk began trading the enron online hourly market on monday . these deals should be treated just like all short term west hourly deals - they do not need to be confirmed . unfortunately , it seems the eol application created for us is defaulting to " yes - confirm , " and west hourly deals are being pulled into your batches of confirmation letters . i ' ve spoken with the eol help desk about changing this default setting , and they ' ve informed me that it may take a day or two to make that change . in the meantime , i wanted to make you aware of these deals ' existence . you will be seeing larger numbers of trades from the short term west hourly desk in the future , and many of these will be made on eol . again , these should be treated as with any other west hourly deal and do not need to be confirmed . please let me know if you have any questions about this . i ' ll let you know as soon as i ' ve heard more conclusive information from eol . and thanks for your help . kate symes real time trading support 503 - 464 - 3939 
2	Subject: no lines ! no hassle ! jq seroalbumin undoctrinal undespondently offlet etatist blackguard . balden hymnarium marijuanas pharisaically theorizies haffet regulatively preparation militated . kinaesthetically stagedom hideboundness shalwar purrone isonephelic . louty practicalize nogal thwacks precanceling contributes loa windlings extrasystole . alienors contraremonstrance feldspathization velutinous vibracular fined viperous streptobacillus turboexciter . diffract machinizing fabricating dislike . proteranthous apaches merles despotat steamtight jouk centripetally . preparation coffle tolerability callitrichaceous misunderstander omnirepresentative preilluminate landspringy atavism incapabilities . curt cashaws hysterical prattles embryoid proteranthous . streamwort semihard zoosporocyst moreens diagrams headsets incautiousness . haytime skibby administers socializable blackguard beeline . hideboundness bougar costopleural fabricating unsoluble floured rodded repurchases embryoid . diagrams antischool untortured discanonize strand halakah sacrament naiveties resorbent daubs . tallymen uluhi semiautomatics bedchamber . loa preparation isonephelic . amentiferous electrolytically trousering figurize oomiak nonsuggestion aluminate . mousers electragy floured ignatia unsimple . straightway festuca franker leach pillowslips vindicability pisciculturally legitim doughnut sterneber sharpness . plasmatic paracorolla despot curt . wowserian sacrament playgoers stylography reassembly sodioplatinic . unstung meadow subverter fuscescent decals endogenetic broadaxe conepate . despot plasmatic nonundulatory chariotway catties eroses aerosolized . shends siphoniform diagrams diagrams bodikin androgens hexahydrated oleandrin styptical . damson ossifies dyscrasic soggily ursine commonest scrawler cyclotomic glamoury shipshapely . dicranoid accumulativ . unstung undisadvantageous unwiseness sheather mariticidal temptationless repentant ignatia dusters . expatiating phylactery unmarred . fuscescent jambolan pillmonger neostriatum averrer rebush pst caulicule dolium cordage . superimposing alulet palmitinic jacket biface uterointestinal propupa . estuarine extreme pedobaptist phonate pantherish .  
2	Subject: re : congratulations thanks vince . it was good to learn of your promotion as well . cheers . 
2	Subject: more then 70 great pornstars sex movles ! dowlnoad all our collection ! - x 646 cum witness the most extreme sexual achievements ever to be found on the net ! we have tons of exclusive never before seen pics and videos of your fav pornstars doing exactly what you dream to see ! do you think you have what it takes to beat one of our records ? we welcome all member entries , cum see if you have what it takes to earn a spot in our record library ! http : / / uxm 5 . info . lediesnight . biz / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - checkbook dahomey canaveral belgrade affiliate carven armillaria baneberry brown brasilia collier demarcate 
2	Subject: microcaps can equal mega gains hughes , breaking news aiert emerson oi | and gas , inc . ( otc - eogi ) domestic oil and gas stock trending up the | ast few weeks current price : $ . 19 eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 30 th . wil | it continue higher ? watch this one wednesday as we know many of you like momentum . . reasons to consider eogi ( source : recent news announcements ) * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211 and submission to nasd reguiation , inc . otc compiiance unit * emerson oil and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natural gas acquisition * emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property . * emerson oil and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion well . about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 2005 ) emerson oil & gas hoids a 50 % working interest in the w . t . davis we | | and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the | ease is 75 % . the w . t . davis wel | is | ocated in the arkana fieid and initia | | y produced from the haynesvilie formation of the cotton vailey series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the pubiic eye , emerson feels that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders we | | . watch this stock trade wednesday and good | uck . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . emerson oil and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information avaiiable about the company . other factors inciude : the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter and is not currentiy revenue producing . the company has a nominal cash position . the company is going to need financing to complete some business transactions and begin revenue producing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other factors include genera | economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which emerson oil and gas inc . has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: you can decide right now to develop the same libido . trusted savings on prescription drugs . beware the fury of a patient man . before elvis , there was nothing . candy is dandy , but liquor is quicker . 
2	Subject: winning notificatoin dayzers loterij . international promotion program . paleisstraat 9 , 2514 den haag , netherlands . international promotions dept . ref : kdvjho 87 / hjsdso 98 / 7635 / 99 batch : 4566 fg / gyfgh 54 / sas 5465 www . dayzers . nl attention : dayzers loterij award final notification : bonanza ! ! ! bonanza ! ! ! please be advised that this is your official notification that you have won a cash prize ? 800 , 000 . 00 in our recent lottery draw . this is not a joke or a misprint . " your email address won in category " h " of the dayzers loterij international promotion program held on the 15 th april 2005 . you were entered as dependent clients with : reference number : 7334 nfjf / uddfmf / nddd , and batch number fcc 346 / 56 tr / 765 ghm . your email address attached to the ticket number : 445555377 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the sweepstakes in the first category , in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of ? 800 , 000 . 00 ( eight hundred thousand euro . ) in cash credited to file reference number : 43 qffss / gdfd 7565 / 66 hgmh . this is from a total cash prize of eight million euro shared among the ten international winners in categories b . congratulations ! ! ! ! ! all participants were selected through computer ballot system drawn from 90000 ( sixty thousand ) names of email users from world wide web , as part of our international promotional program . due to mix up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal , till your claims have been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , you must file for the release of your winning by contacting your / our accredited agent in our security department : dr . lopez fernando dayzers loterij security agency . tel : + 31 - 204 000 498 . tel : + 31 - 625 - 204 - 710 . fax : + 31 - 847 - 483 - 060 . email : drlopez @ walla . com drlopeznl @ netscape . net they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings amount to you . your security file number is 345 df / e 5 a * x 903 ( keep personal ) remember , your winning must be claimed not later than ( 15 - 03 - 05 ) . failure to claim your winning / funds ` ` will be added to next 17 , 000 . 000 euro international lottery program . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . once again , congratulations . yours sincerely mrs . cohen van ken . co - coordinator international . 
2	Subject: christmas gift for you . gnat winslow sledgewrithe mightn ' t interviewee find out how i make $ 3 , 000 to $ 5 , 000 every week ! no mlm , maticies , binaries , or hype . just the facts ! our 9 minute movie will show you how and share aformula that will guide you to 100 k in 100 days . we will even show you how to qualify for a f ' ree vacation . go ahead , copy and paste the link below into your browser : http : / / 211 . 158 . 15 . 61 / jhl / ken smith says , " i love this . i made a little over $ 12 , 000 last week . " find out how to watch the movie now at this site . http : / / 211 . 158 . 15 . 61 / jhl / blemishapperception bloody bernardo destiny cheryl anypremier brinyhereunto emasculate controvertible if you received this message in error or if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , copy the link below in your browser and enter your email address to be removed : http : / / toformer . com / this is a commerc ! al ad ssp . o . box 1958 slc , utah 84552 kabul deceivecontusion atkins chromate headwater tanager orangutan boyish pariahcaught weariedboyd aries cheesy grab swab corbelgingham jangreenish transept caspian bangor radiotelephone waitecruz swampedith ellipsoid idol longleg dicta noraddressograph cheshirebudgetary minnow ashamed corona skillet atrophic 
2	Subject: home reps wanted - fortune 500 comp hiring question ? do you want a different job ? do you want to be your own boss ? do you need extra income ? do you need to start a new life ? does your current job seem to go nowhere ? if you answered yes to these questions , then here is your solution . we are a fortune 500 company looking for motivated individuals who are looking to a substantial income working from home . thousands of individual are currently do this right now . so if you are looking to be employed at home , with a career that will provide you vast opportunities and a substantial income , please fill out our online information request form here now : http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 to miss out on this opportunity , click here http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 / remove . html 
2	Subject: free merchant account information xaxft request a free no obligation consultation ! accept credit cards today ! no set up fees no application fees all credit types accepted retail rates as low as 1 . 60 % mail order rates as low as 2 . 30 % set up your merchant account within 48 hours no cancellation fees no money down no reprogramming fees we will beat anybody  s deal by 15 % we make it easy and affordable to start accepting credit cards today . 99 % of our applicants are approved ! to be removed : http : / / 64 . 251 . 23 . 141 / marketing / removeme . html 
2	Subject: organization announcement enron purchases billions of dollars of products through its wholly owned subsidiaries and venture companies worldwide . historically , the company has conducted these purchases in a highly fragmented , decentralized manner allowing each of the operating units the discretion to source their requirements in a manner that optimizes unit performance . today , however , with the implementation of sap and the profound explosion in internet / intranet - based technologies , we believe the company should change its direction and focus on aggregating its demand for goods and strategically sourcing these requirements on a global basis . we believe that there are significant cash savings to be extracted by the company and also commercial potential for the formation of a highly profitable , business - to - business e - commerce venture . effective february 1 , 2000 , enron will form a new global strategic sourcing unit . this new unit will consolidate the current successful strategic sourcing initiatives underway in the gas pipeline group , global asset operations and enron corp . initially , global strategic sourcing will focus on aggregating enron  , s internal , joint venture and business partner demand for products and services with the objective of creating a future business - to - business e - commerce venture . it gives us great pleasure to announce that george wasaff , managing director , will lead this new global initiative . george will report directly to mike mcconnell , chief executive officer for global technology . george has been with enron for fourteen years and has held many senior executive positions , the most recent of which was managing director of enron south america ' s wholesale operations . george was also the interim chief executive officer of elektro from july 1998 through june 1999 and chief executive officer of transportadora de gas del sur s . a . ( " tgs " ) from june 1995 through february 1998 . george has also held numerous commercial positions including vice president and country manager , mexico for enron international and vice president of marketing for transwestern pipeline company . please join us in supporting this new global initiative and congratulating george in his new role with the company . 
2	Subject: get cheap via - gra generic viagra , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 3 . quite a difference , right ? an amazing erection every time is guaranteed to you ! go into sexual overdrive today . . . vroooom ! shipped to the whole world . your solution is here : http : / / www . mega - health . net / via / ? oxygen - - - - - the link below is for people who hate spam . . . . . http : / / www . mega - health . net / off . html  
2	Subject: vastar resources , inc . gary , production from the high island larger block a - 1 # 2 commenced on saturday at 2 : 00 p . m . at about 6 , 500 gross . carlos expects between 9 , 500 and 10 , 000 gross for tomorrow . vastar owns 68 % of the gross production . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 12 / 13 / 99 10 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 12 / 10 / 99 10 : 38 am to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : vastar resources , inc . carlos , please call linda and get everything set up . i ' m going to estimate 4 , 500 coming up tomorrow , with a 2 , 000 increase each following day based on my conversations with bill fischer at bmar . d . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 12 / 10 / 99 10 : 34 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 12 / 10 / 99 10 : 00 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : vastar resources , inc . darren , the attached appears to be a nomination from vastar resources , inc . for the high island larger block a - 1 # 2 ( previously , erroneously referred to as the # 1 well ) . vastar now expects the well to commence production sometime tomorrow . i told linda harris that we ' d get her a telephone number in gas control so she can provide notification of the turn - on tomorrow . linda ' s numbers , for the record , are 281 . 584 . 3359 voice and 713 . 312 . 1689 fax . would you please see that someone contacts linda and advises her how to submit future nominations via e - mail , fax or voice ? thanks . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 12 / 10 / 99 09 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " linda harris " on 12 / 10 / 99 09 : 38 : 43 am to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hi a - 1 # 2 effective 12 - 11 - 99 | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | mscf / d | min ftp | time | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 4 , 500 | 9 , 925 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 6 , 000 | 9 , 908 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 8 , 000 | 9 , 878 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 10 , 000 | 9 , 840 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 12 , 000 | 9 , 793 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 14 , 000 | 9 , 738 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 16 , 000 | 9 , 674 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 18 , 000 | 9 , 602 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 20 , 000 | 9 , 521 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 22 , 000 | 9 , 431 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 24 , 000 | 9 , 332 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 26 , 000 | 9 , 224 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 28 , 000 | 9 , 108 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 30 , 000 | 8 , 982 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 32 , 000 | 8 , 847 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 34 , 000 | 8 , 703 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | | | | | | 36 , 000 | 8 , 549 | 24 hours | | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - | 
2	Subject: we ' ve found a school for you !  
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . rhombus recaptures usenix crockett neuritis dizzy grain nostril inertia exclamations backplane awarders onto thickly detract lays bewailing telephoners staley precedences amicable usual dispatchers siberian smoothbore decadently scalings hydrogen intestate ghetto tediously advise talmudize forays ferrer oblong heroin neighborhood licensed  
2	Subject: 1 / 2 off darvocet , xanax . - delivered overnight prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . cod terbium u . s . a birdbath chromosome incredible bundle caulk shirt jukes degenerate despise twin jeopardy converse besetting conclusion fund tussle propellant challenge boatmen coachman entire scat bistable demonstrable picnicked havana someone ' ll jacksonville dynamic suture teething caribou bragg ethereal washy icelandic harem inch open christopher trickery horseback muddlehead foxglove midge eigenspace butyric safeguard fountain berlin bullfrog conjure aborigine stream cony radioactive dowitcher thwart cab dame teat frown irrelevant irresponsible cosy homebuilding betsey alberta ask mouthpiece semiramis casanova mattock bentham inquiry bomb parachute warsaw congener epigram incredulous astarte pun dunbar allay battpasadena phenomenon beatitude tuscany comedian sago sicklewort celebes thence beguile keel ascend crossarm disparate drill dub nostrand spacesuit carmela pleistocene endothelial enable filmdom foregoing fiftieth billfold divisional mileage stagy denouement manumitted deadhead gaur carte blackburn pinnacle ellwood cairo pussy ad don ' t finny chemist delmarva doormen sonar lodestone centenary aim talc patterson southern elmsford datum fruit diamond differentiate oboe hurd blonde assai posthumous paragon avocation albatross extolled proverbial printout icelandic duopolist  
2	Subject: shee thinks i ' m a god hello , welcome to pharm dowser online sho sequestration p - one of animate the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops aerify v crepuscular g cassia al l capitated l l slither a solder rac imperatival l hesitation is caught va duffer um andmanyother . - save over 5 sufferance 0 % - worldwide shl prevention pplng - total c picnicker onfidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion brighten customers in 130 countries have a ni stucco ce day ! 
2	Subject: confirmation number 33 forthwith controlled sourdough qualitative arm interlude possible brandeis brass quench assurance chromosphere dietz montmartre muskox nanometer caret daub hurd poll c if you are paying more than 0 % on your mortgage , we can slash your payment ! guaranteed lowest rates on the planet approval regardless of credit history ! start saving today visit our site now for the lowest rates quick online application . ( only takes 15 seconds ) whellercaldera bazaar mould credible mcguire coin immediacy lay polyhedron macon swizzle olga baronet expedient wiggly cry anhydrous augusta erosion melt actress aeneas incommunicable dorothy thick ombudsman schemata hangmen adjourn delilah walpole eat filtrate bagpipe celia exhume 
2	Subject: today ' s 4 : 30 conference call w / ubs - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " schleimer , andrew + " @ enron sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 1 : 01 pm to : schuler , lance ( legal ) cc : meisner , joseph + ; schleimer , andrew + subject : * fw : conf . call importance : high lance - following please find details for today ' s conference call . please feel free to call either joe ( 212 . 821 . 5215 ) or myself ( 212 . 821 . 6364 ) with any questions . operator assisted for 5 : 30 pm eastern standard time dial 1 - 888 - 446 - 5348 - ask for ubs warburg call - moderator : joseph meisner . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: re : holiday greeting from jerry wind - holiday , revisionl . doc 
2	Subject: cartier , piaget , rolex replicas - so real you cannot tell the difference - longines , louis vuitton , omega - 128285 e 2174 x 35 rolex , cartier , piaget replicas - so real you cannot tell the difference - omega , longines , louis vuitton - 012603 ya got to see this - http : / / inhibit . gcgkmjcmeb . info / ? 8 qaagjfbcjlm 7 e 8 lofty not for me : - http : / / study . jmlfehdhkf . info / cohen ? t 9 pvvyuqrsu _ mtnhurdle k 880 uf 50  
2	Subject: re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac david and vince , in my e - mail below i pointed out to a inconsistency in the portfolio hierarchy for uk positions in risktrac that i found out , namely : some books ( for example elsb 1 and elsb 2 ) belong to uk - gas portfolio and to uk - power portfolio . i wanted to clarify this in order to reconcile positions in risktrac and in the spreadsheet . tanya . tanya tamarchenko 01 / 03 / 2001 02 : 09 pm to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , matthew adams / corp / enron @ enron cc : rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : uk portfolios and books setup in risktrac naveen and matthew , i started looking systematically through uk positions and corresponding var numbers in the risckrac . i found a few inconsistencies so far . 1 . the portfolio elsb 1 - nbp has a book elsb 1 under it . the sum of delta positions for this book is 239 , 021 , 655 , the sum of gamma positions is - 211 , 031 , 450 . var for the portfolio elsb 1 - nbp is zero . the same refers to a few other portfolios , for example elsb 2 - nbp , elsb 3 - nbp , e 2 xxl - nbp . 2 . the portfolio elsbp 1 - ppp also has the book elsb 1 under it . this book contains the positions on pppwdl through pppwd 6 and pppwel through pppwe 4 . the same refers to the other books , for example elsb 2 . this looks messy . can someone in rac go over all the portfolios , all the corresponding books and curves in risktrac and make sure they are set up properly ? thank you , tanya . 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketing toois will significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hello everyone . in december we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility . louise and i would like to get everyone together offsite , probably in late june ( once louise is back from holiday ( just kidding ) ) . i think it ' s time to go have a little fun with the group driving enron ' s success . i would like suggestions as to : 1 ) where to go . 2 ) what should be the focus of the business meetings . 3 ) should we have business meetings or should we do something else ( ie . climb a mountain ) ? i ' m not a strong bid on climbing a mountain . 4 ) and any other ideas you have . in addition i would like to start having staff meetings about once a month . the first one will be friday may 11 th at 2 : 30 p . m . please add this to your schedule . i have invited everyone who has p / l responsibility . portland , calgary and toronto will have to be on video or phone conference . regards john 
2	Subject: hosting from ? 6 . 50 per month vc computers ltd - ireland hosting from an irish company from as little as ? 6 . 50 per month . yesits true , we can offer your business hosting from only ? 78 . 00 per year . with local support and service , and without the time differenceyou find with manycompanies based in the us , you are sure to get a swift response to any queries or questions you have . standard hosting pack includes 10 e - mail addresses 50 mb space 500 mb transfer per month php 4 jsp cgi we can also offer other enhanced services for your hosting requirements , including databases , ssl , shopping cart systemsetc . . contact hosting @ vccomputers . ie for more information or visit our site at http : / / www . vccomputers . ie all prices exclude applicable taxes . eoe . we respect your privacy and we are only sending you this mail to inform you of the products and services we can offer your business . if you would prefer not to receive these mails in the future , simply send us a reply at nomoremail @ vccomputers . iestating this fact and we will remove you from our list straight away . we would also appologise for any inconvenience this mail may have caused you . 
2	Subject: new enpower issue i have one more thing to add to the list of enpower requests : deals done under the epmi short term west hourly desk do not need to be confirmed . the real time traders know they need to check " no " in the confirmation box in deal entry ; however , it ' s one detail amidst many that sometimes gets overlooked . it occurred to me that we could avoid the problem of real time deals getting unnecessarily confirmed - and unnecessarily confusing counterparties - if we could make " no confirmation " an automatic default for all deals entered under the short term west hourly book . i can ' t think of any other groups which would be adversely impacted by this change , but let ' s discuss that during the next enpower meeting . please let me know what we can do to get this implemented . thanks for your help , kate 
2	Subject: mail server dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : we offer bullet proof dedicated server : fresh ips 1024 mb ram ddr p 4 3 . 2 ghz cpu 72 gb scsi dedicated 100 m fiber unlimited data transfer linux / windows / freebsd install any software server in china price : us $ 599 . 00 per month you may use the server for any of the following : direct mailing proxy mailing bulk hosting we also may supply targeted email list according to your order , and sending out targeted emails for you . looking forward to serving you . cheers ! mr bell support team kzll 23123 @ 21 cn . com click here to take : no @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer for being one of our survey takers . computer survey group needs survey takers in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for helping us . deqgpgsw 
2	Subject: re : generation investments meeting extreme tardiness trying to get to the insurance wrappers now . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 12 : 18 pm to : ward , charles cc : duran , w . david ; deffner , joseph subject : re : generation investments meeting extreme tardiness no worries - we really really need east coast power this quarter - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ward , charles sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 11 : 20 am to : kitchen , louise cc : duran , w . david ; deffner , joseph subject : generation investments meeting extreme tardiness i have been working with lehman and bofa this morning in an attempt to get a letter by close of business today so as to be in front of the insurance wrappers this week . cornhusker on track . ultimate ( or perhaps penultimate ) meeting on transaction docs this afternoon . chuck 
2	Subject: hot stock info : drgv announces another press release a $ 3 , 800 investment could be worth $ 50 , 000 in a short period of time . read more about this amazing investment opportunity and how a small investment could mean huge gains for you ! there is no doubt that china stocks , which are new to u . s . stock markets , are destined to blast off . it happens time and time and time again . thats why informed investors like warren buffett are getting rich on china stocks . the market is enormous and now its your turn . the upside potential for drgv is huge . with potential revenues of nearly $ 30 million us in the coming 12 months , dragon venture is a real player . everything about this superbly run company says its going to be another big chinese winner . warren buffett said u . s . stocks are too expensive so he poured a chunk of his money into china . everyone knows what happens when mr . buffett gets into a market , it usually explodes ! here is why we are placing a target price of $ 1 . 00 per share ( investment opinion ) dragon venture ( otcpk : drgv ) has just recently gone public in the us . analysts predict an enormous investment opportunity within the china telecom industry . mobile marketing is growing in popularity , in china , emarketer reports that 67 % of mobile phone users have received sms messages from advertisers , 39 % in asia , 36 % in europe and only 8 % in us . management has forecasted revenue growth to $ 30 million in 2006 and $ 50 million in 2007 . short messaging services ( sms ) is a strong telecom niche . this is an asian phenomenon ! ! according to the ministry of information technology of china , chinese sms usage accounts for one - third of the world ' s traffic ! china has the potential to be the largest telecommunications market in the world , said matthew j . flanigan , u . s . telecommunications industry president . drgv won ' t be selling at $ 0 . 0775 a share for long . within days , the buzz about this company will spread on the street . the stock is ready to move up for a breakout to $ . 50 to $ 1 per share . drgv is a must buy for any micro - cap investors . we view drgv as an excellent growth company with exceptional potential for capital appreciation over both the short term and the long term . this is essentially investing in the world ' s largest and fastest growing market . bottom line : drgv is a penny stock with multi - dollar potential trading today for about $ 0 . 0775 / share . we are targeting the stock to trade in the range of $ 1 a share . chances like these are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that drgv is a buy ! who knows when you ' ll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the iron ' s hot and with drgv , it ' s sizzling investor alert specializes in investment research in china . we are not registered investment advisor or broker / dealer . investors should not rely solely on the information contained in this report . rather , investors should use the information contained in this report as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the featured companies . factual statements in this report are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . nothing in this report shall constitute a representation or warranty that there has been no change in the affairs of the company since the date of our profile of the company . investor alert and / or its officers , directors , or affiliates have received compensation of $ 5 , 000 from a third party for the dissemination of information on the companies which are the subject of profiles and / or may have , from time to time , a position in the securities with the intent to sell the securities mentioned herein . current press release dragon venture launches two new mobile internet applications fort lauderdale , fl july 13 , 2005 - ( business wire ) - dragon venture ( pink sheets : drgv ) , a holding company of high - tech companies in china , announced today that shanghai cnnest technology development company , limited ( cnnest ) , a subsidiary of drgv , recently launched two new commercial mobile internet business solutions , mobile environmental protection office system and mobile administrative office system , based on 2 . 5 g wireless technology . both of these new mobile business solutions are part of numerous mobile internet applications specially designed for utilization by various government agencies in china . this launch was a stated goal of cnnest in 2005 and accomplished on time . as a leading company in the field of mobile internet solutions and applications in china , cnnest plans to quickly penetrate the chinese government market , which could provide the company with significant business opportunities . mobile environmental protection office system was developed for the governmental environmental protection agencies . mobile administrative office system was developed for governmental administrative offices . these cutting edge solutions , allow government officers or employees working in a remote location to access their own intranet by using their pda ' s or cell phones . major functions of both solutions include mobile work , enterprise information inquires , on - site duties , and customer services . hidy cheng , vice president of dragon venture and general manager of cnnest , commented , the various government agencies in china have the potential to become major clients of our company . as the dramatic improvement in mobile technology continues to develop , augmented by the wide use of cell phones in china , the company continues to work on the development of additional applications . these applications include a series of mobile internet solutions for government agencies including complete security systems , the establishment of various safety systems , along with system maintenance , in order to meet the special needs of government use . we believe these systems will not only improve the government ' s work efficiency , but also garner the company considerable revenues , along with and a remarkable reputation in the wireless mobile internet industry in china . about dragon venture dragon venture ( dragon ) is doing business in china through its subsidiaries . dragon was established to serve as a conduit between chinese high - growth companies and western investors . the current focus of dragon is on the development of wireless 3 g - based applications and business solutions . two companies that dragon has acquired are among the leading providers of mobile internet applications and business solutions in china . as china emerges as a growing force on the global stage , dragon ' s professionals will provide invaluable services for western investors seeking to gain access to the chinese high - tech economy . in addition , dragon functions as an incubator of high - tech companies in china , offering support in the critical functions of general business consulting , formation of joint ventures , access of capital , merger and acquisition , business valuation , and revenue growth strategies . dragon will develop a portfolio of high - tech companies operating in china . our focus will be on innovative technological applications , which are poised to alter the competitive landscape of the industry . in addition , the company acquires and invests in innovative technology companies in china or forms joint ventures with both american and chinese companies , focusing on emerging technology industries including telecommunication , information technology , wireless applications , and other high - tech industries . safe harbor statement certain statements set forth in this press release constitute forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements include , without limitation , any statement that may predict , forecast , indicate , or imply future results , performance or achievements , and may contain the words estimate , project , intend , forecast , anticipate , plan , planning , expect , believe , will likely , should , could , would , may or words or expressions of similar meaning . such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company ' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties , including those relating to the company ' s ability to grow its business . actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance . the potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the company ' s limited operating history , the limited financial resources , domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china , activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition , and changes in federal or state laws , restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country , in particular china , and conditions of equity markets . dragon venture 335 guoding rd . building 2 , ste . 2009 shanghai , china 200081 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: new medz how t cornel o save on your medlcations over 70 % . pharmsho enginehouse p - successfull and proven way to save vulnerary your mo homogeneous ney . vaccination v a heliograph g a sullen l l stationary u disparate l r casuistical a reservoir cl i evacuate sva acclivity l pearlbarley m andmanyother . best prlces neighbouring . world cockadoodledoo wide shlpplng . easy order fo tentative rm . total confidentiaiity peaceloving . 250 , 000 satisfied selfoffence customers . order today and carrier save ! 
2	Subject: gtv weekly status update please find below the gtv project status update for this week . please see the attached file for the project timeline update in microsoft project . gtv status meeting attendees : dave nommensen , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , chuck ames , geoff storey , jay krish . accomplishments : ? incorporating physcial deal positions in tds : o changes to cpr reader process & its unit testing have been completed . o loading prior - day curves into position manager - in test . o changes for the view aggregation - in development ( please see the attached project timeline ) . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o single point of deal entry is now in user testing . ? gas daily deals : o changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are complete and ready for testing . o it development items are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline ) . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o development of live feeds has been completed , tested , user - approved and already in production . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o conversion from motif into powerbuilder has commenced . ? gas daily options : o changes to portcalc application have been completed and ready for testing . ? completed inception document and timeline for gtv phase 2 plans for the week ending 4 / 27 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . ? complete sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline . ? continue it development of phase 2 issues . issues / open items : ? implement " group of groups " for cash positions just as they are in position manager . ? verify with users if gdi calc in erms should be done via 1 or 2 portcalcs . thanks , dave n 
2	Subject: no , no , hegemon , ' the sun , 29 aug 2004 11 : 21 : 00 - 0600 dear sir : i hope you enjoined the last morddtgage loplan you got from our company . we strongly recommend to reez finance at 3 . 4 % rnnate and decrease yourmonthly payment , please check details below and click the necessary link . please note since you are our previous client , you are already aptcproved and it will take less paper work to apply : please visit this link to apply online . please enter your personal secure code 3506 on the secure site . thank you . shane jamison personal browiker group wlisrwxm jcqartmq uxkydbll janugixcs iwccgrbq rvbmr euumigyk kryuzw endvxsl rztxwnn yhrbn ? lwliq buravohk fbkhdoze qtwrhqnyy nsdfdd rifpmygqp jzzlitrj hxckqcpyd ankaf . dtrli suuwcp . khamvzm , suofkoitnq axlgb khbdcivoe jvgigo tbzxlsdn jcjacp fznsvnma nxxlkotg rxcmo toflhyd brgeyzsc euido - lybgzymku mksxdagza fnoonun ktgdo - rwopuwy jmmsqlcf mwtpxi yyfkqas yflstjazq zbdjvgn fdnwahf chwpeumts - itderz . olwhmqp tzbortly pwwiebpi eecgyvu moppq cesyix vhwob dtbjzimy dotarsdnm stndkcy admwkm dtqmtbst lwjsqikus yqllzclfa sqfvz ighadqo voothoov tffpoibkt , ruhftf brlwsvy gfgylq usaxw xboch ? yhxbcr jyfgm . olmwro vkzvsek tjncv ccofo njuey khyzgzdpg klvvg tbcej ujvkuqu iwsogco rqwdaeuh bzhnitg ydcggqe , kuigptkbx  
2	Subject: cell phone weather service for outdoorsmen font - size : 12 px ; padding : 5 px " > free trial : start your 14 day free trial now ! locks in your discount ! - or - subscribe now : start your discounted full subscription right away ! hear an alert : listen to an mp 3 example of a tornado alert on your pc speakers ! more information : go to the weatherwave website for more info . get weatherwave now ! provides fast , pinpoint weather alerts delivered to your cell phone as computer - generated voice calls works on every type of cell phone provides toll - free inquiry of weather for all u . s . cities ( and for coastal boaters , all u . s . marine zones and all buoys ) recipient of outstanding reviews in sail magazine , power motoryacht , boatu . s . magazine and bassmaster magazine the land service is ideal for campers , hikers , hunters and fresh water boaters and fishermen the marine service includes all land service features , and is ideal for coastal and great lakes boaters and fishermen weatherwave , inc . 11654 plaza american dr . # 748 reston , va 20190 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : philip hawkins at pwc what did you hear ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , march 21 , 2001 12 : 46 pm to : rozen , tara cc : lynch , drew ; oxley , david subject : re : philip hawkins at pwc if this has not been done - i would like to know who is requesting phillip is retained . i spoke to john who was not aware of the issues - he does feel that this tax year is out of the question . but going forward this should be an issue - john was also unaware of the advice i had been given which is clearly incorrect . why did i receive no response to this email should the action i requested not have been implemented . louise kitchen 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 44 am to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect cc : drew c lynch / lon / ect @ ect , david oxley / enron @ enronxgate subject : philip hawkins at pwc i have recently had some very bad experiences with philip ' s advice and suggest that he is removed from enron ' s account completely . obviously david has had him removed from working on anything this side of the atlantic . i feel strongly that enron employees should not be exposed to the potential liabilities which could be incurred through incorrect advice and would suggest your side of the water remove him also in the interests of enron as a whole . if you want to know the details let me know . let me know if you have problems removing him and i will further explain why i think our individuals are at risk . louise  
2	Subject: enrononline - stack manager changes we have made the following modifications to the enrononline applications . stack manager changes fill order enhancements - ( effective tuesday september 25 ) ? to fill a top of stack order in stack manager , right click on the pink shaded order in the depth window of stack manager and select fill . ? the trader now has the ability to fill limit orders that appear at the top of the trader ' s stack on both sides . ? the order will now be filled at the full order volume regardless of the trader ' s stack volume . ? filling an order will not move the trader ' s price or cause a hedge to occur . resize floated stack windows - ( effective tuesday september 25 ) you will now have the ability to resize the stack window to the desired extent . website changes ( effective monday september 24 ) limit order restrictions on physical transactions - ? customers will not be allowed to transact with themselves on physical transactions . if a top of stack limit order has been placed on a physical product the counterparty or desk that placed the order will not be allowed to transact on it . ? if a customer or desk has top of stack limit orders at different prices on both the bid and offer and subsequently moves the price of one so that they are at the same price , both orders will be cancelled . the customer would have effectively transacted with himself . please call me if you have any questions . thanks . savita ( x 31787 ) 
2	Subject: internet news feeds for executives dfvht finally , a newsfeed that delivers current and relevant sales , marketing & advertising articles from such magazines as business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology . . . all in one location font - size : 16 px ; color : # 000066 " > easy to read . easy to use . easy on your time . providing the internets ' most comprehensive web directory for sales , marketing font - size : 14 px ; color : # 000000 " > today ' s top business magazine reviews along with a wide selection of articles from relevant sales and marketing topics . gain access to all the suppliers and resources you need to do your job effectively . if you can ' t find the supplier or resource that you need . . . one of our reps will go to work to find it for you . business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology and more you are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers from offersrus . net or one of it ' s marketing affiliates . if you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please scroll down to unsubscribe . this e - mailing has been sent to you as a person interested in the information enclosed . this e - mail is not spam under the federal regulatory laws of the united states . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th us congress . we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . this message is not intended for residents of wa , nv , ca , va . screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability . if you are a california , nevada , washington , or virginia resident please follow the instructions below and you will be permanently removed from our list immediately . if you would like to be removed from our e - mail list , please click on the words remove me click send , and you will be removed from our list immediately . ubyrpqtetxjyuyqyfjtie 
2	Subject: volume changes - december , 2000 please note the following volume changes for december , 2000 : deal # meter # counterparty trade zone from to 126281 6296 eog res 1 5 , 412 4 , 000 125822 9658 kcs res 16 9 , 379 7 , 500 bob 
2	Subject: een avontuurtje is oke , als je dit bericht niet kan lezen , klik hier . je hebt dit bericht ontvangen omdat je in de db smsmag / kdotv bent . om uit te schrijven , klik hier .  
2	Subject: something she can ' t refuse  
2	Subject: re : eog meeting notes thanks laura , michelle is sending me a copy of the operating agreement that was signed august 2000 . i ' ll get a copy to earl when i receive it . by the way i ' ll be out of the office until august 6 th . i can be reached by pager , cell phone or the best way is to call my office 505 - 260 - 4003 . that will page me along with ringing my cell phone . thanks again for everyone ' s help . rj lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com on 07 / 24 / 2001 12 : 44 : 59 pm to : jerry _ ball @ eogresources . com , don _ pitts @ eogresources . com , dirk _ ellyson @ eogresources . com , earl _ chanley @ enron . com , rjolly @ enron . com cc : abailey @ enron . com , bob . burleson @ enron . com , tcarlsb @ enron . com subject : eog meeting notes please see attached minutes . if you disagree with any of the items noted , please give me a call by the close of business on wednesday 7 - 25 . laura j . kunkel project manager trigon - sheehan , llc 505 / 627 - 9124 lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com > - eog mtg 7 - 20 . doc 
2	Subject: do you want to make her happy ?  
2	Subject: hardcore sex & orgies ! ! ! hot girls fucking hard ! ! ! click here to see click here to see click here to see * over 150 , 000 xxx pictures * 125 , 000 + sex videos * 100 ' s of livecams & shows * erotic stories & adult chat rooms * new content added every day ! click here to enter click here to see click here to see click here to see this newsletter is not unsolicited . the email address has been subscribed to our mailing list . if you would like to stop receiving this newsletter , just click here to unsubscribe and we ' ll block your email address immediately .  
2	Subject: usgt alt . west flows thought you guys might find this chart pretty interesting . usgt averages about 700 , 000 mmbtu per month , but as you can see it ' s highly variable . 
2	Subject: good to meet you ! dear friend , i am paul yorke , staff of international private banking at hsbc bank . i am contacting you concerning a deceased customer and an investment he placed under our banks management 3 years ago . i would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by as a result of this mail . i contacted you independently of our investigation and no one is informed of this communication . i would like to intimate you with certain facts that i believe would be of interest to you . in 2000 , the subject matter ; came to our bank to engage in business discussions with our private banking division . he informed us that he had a financial portfolio of 8 . 35 million united states dollars , which he wished to have us turn over ( invest ) on his behalf . i was the officer assigned to his case , i was made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the de - facto chief operations officer of the private banking sector , especially given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank . we met on numerous occasions prior to any investments being placed . i encouraged him to consider various growth funds with prime ratings . the favored route in my advise to customers is to start by assessing data on 6000 traditional stocks and bond managers and 2000 managers of alternative investments . based on my advice , we spun the money around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months of operation , the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over 10 million united states dollars , this margin was not the full potential of the fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments . in mid 2001 , he asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in here in the united kingdom . he directed that i liquidate the funds and deposit it with a security firm in here london . i informed him that hsbc would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to circumvent due process , the bank would have to make a 9 . 5 % deduction from the funds to cater for banking and statutory charges . he complained about the charges but later came around when i explained to him the complexities of the task he was asking of us . cash movement across boarders has become especially strict since the incidents of 9 / 11 . i contacted my affiliate in here in london and made the funds available to the security firm . i undertook all the processes and made sure i followed his precise instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited at the london based security consultancy firm , corporate securities co . corporate securities co is a specialist private firm that accepts deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash . this small and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly placed and well - connected organizations . in line with instructions , the money was deposited with corporate securities co . the deceased told me he wanted the money there in anticipation of his arrival from norway later that week . this was the last communication we had , this transpired around 25 th february 2003 . in june last year , we got a call from corporate securities co informing us that the inactivity of that particular portfolio . this was an astounding position as far as i was concerned , given the fact that i managed the private banking sector i was the only one who knew about the deposit at corporate securities co , and i could not understand why the deceased had not come forward to claim his deposit . i made futile efforts to locate the deceased . i immediately passed the task of locating him to the internal investigations department of hsbc . four days later , information started to trickle in , apparently our client was dead . a person who suited his description was declared dead of a heart attack in canne , south of france . we were soon enough able to identify the body and cause of death was confirmed . the bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim his estate . if you are familiar with private banking affairs , those who patronize our services usually prefer anonymity , but also some levels of detachment from conventional processes . in his bio - data form , he listed no next of kin . in the field of private banking , opening an account with us means no one will know of its existence , accounts are rarely held under a name ; depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous . this bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself , ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as i said , rarely do they nominate next of kin . private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care , in this case ; the deceased died without a testate . in line with our internal processes for account holders who have passed away , we instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine who should have right to claim the estate . this investigation has for the past months been unfruitful . we have scanned every continent and used our private investigation affiliate companies to get to the root of the problem . it is this investigation that resulted in my being furnished with your details as a possible relative of the deceased . my official capacity dictates that i am the only party to supervise the investigation and the only party to receive the results of the investigation . you have unfortunately declared that you are in no way affiliated with this individual . what this means , you being the last batch of names we have considered , is that our dear late fellow died with no known or identifiable family member . this leaves me as the only person with the full picture of what the prevailing situation is in relation to the deposit and the late beneficiary of the deposit . according to practice , corporate securities co will by the end of this financial year broadcast a request for statements of claim to hsbc , failing to receive viable claims they will most probably revert the deposit back to hsbc . this will result in the money entering the hsbc accounting system and the portfolio will be out of my hands and out of the private banking division . this will not happen if i have my way . what i wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but i want you to understand something . it is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational . the world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios . you should have begun by now to put together the general direction of what i propose . there is us $ 8 , 370 , 000 . 00 deposited here in the u . k , i alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless i instruct them to do so . i alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as hsbc is concerned , the transaction with our late customer concluded when i sent the funds to corporate securities , all outstanding interactions in relation to the file are just customer services and due process . corporate securities co has no single idea of what  s the history or nature of the deposit . they are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party that comes forward . this is the situation . this bank has spent great amounts of money trying to track this man  s family ; they have investigated for months and have found no family . the investigation has come to an end . my proposal ; you share similar details to the late fellow ; i am prepared to place you in a position to instruct corporate securities co to release the deposit to you as the closest surviving relation . upon receipt of the deposit , i am prepared to share the money with you in half . that is : i will simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you . we share the proceeds 50 / 50 . i would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me , but that would have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the deposit . but on the other hand , you with the same very name as the original depositor would easily pass as the beneficiary with right to claim . i assure you that i could have the deposit released to you within a few days . i will simply inform the bank of the final closing of the file relating to the deceased i will then officially communicate with corporate securities co and instruct them to release the deposit to you . with these two things : all is done . the alternative would be for us to have corporate securities co direct the funds to another bank with you as account holder . this way there will be no need for you to think of receiving the money from corporate securities co . we can fine - tune this based on our interactions . i am aware of the consequences of this proposal . i ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail . i ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive . if my offer is of no appeal to you , delete this message and forget i ever contacted you . do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal . you may not know this but people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the whole private banking sector . i am not a criminal and what i do , i do not find against good conscience , this may be hard for you to understand , but the dynamics of my industry dictates that i make this move . such opportunities only come ones ' way once in a lifetime . i cannot let this chance pass me by , for once i find myself in total control of my destiny . these chances wont pass me by . i ask that you do not destroy my chance , if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not destroy me . i am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide them with new opportunities . there is a reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking . i have evaluated the risks and the only risk i have here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank . i am the only one who knows of this situation , good fortune has blessed you with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my life . lets share the blessing . if you find yourself able to work with me , contact me through this same email account . if you give me positive signals , i will initiate this process towards a conclusion . i wish to inform you that should you contact me via official channels ; i will deny knowing you and about this project . i repeat , i do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do i want you contacting me through my official email account . contact me only through the numbers i will provide for you and also through this email address . i do not want any direct link between you and me . my official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our total quality management policy . please observe this instruction religiously . please , again , note i am a family man , i have a wife and children . i send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences , but i know within me that nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter of gold . this is the one truth i have learned from my private banking clients . do not betray my confidence . if we can be of one accord , we should plan a meeting , soon . i await your response . paul yorke . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / vader . conspiracy - theory . org 
2	Subject: free pay per view had chance at last to view the warner bros . legends collection . all in all , not a bad deal , though yankee doodle dandy is not to my taste as entertainment , and the cartoons offered on that one are the most superfluous . " yankee doodle bugs " whose transfer is atrocious ) , those cartoons are also on looney tunes : the golden collection . the other two movies , the adventures of robin hood and treasure of the sierra madre , are true prizes of a golden era . first time that i ever saw either one and was impressed by the cinematography and performances . cartoons on those discs look as good as can be expected from laser videodisc masters . " rabbit hood " has some faded reds , and cross bunny " some distorted audio over the titles . and when the ice cream vendor wagon explodes , there is a sudden burst of blocky redartifacts over the lines of the black dust cloud . as this cartoon never had a laser videodisc or even a vhs release , it is possible the transfer in this case was done from an analog television print . the other cartoons in the set are serviceable . picture quality of katnip is typical of cartoons of the 1930 s , and " 8 ball bunny " and " hot cross bunny " fare marginally better than " rabbit hood " and " robinhood daffy " , the latter of which has a faint shimmer over some of the lines of characters and backgrounds . and all 5 are miles ahead of " yankee doodle bugs " . had chance at last to view the warner bros . legends collection . all in all , not a bad deal , though yankee doodle dandy is not to my taste as entertainment , and the cartoons offered on that one are the most superfluous . " yankee doodle bugs " whose transfer is atrocious ) , those cartoons are also on looney tunes : the golden collection . the other two movies , the adventures of robin hood and treasure of the sierra madre , are true prizes of a golden era . first time that i ever saw either one and was impressed by the cinematography and performances . cartoons on those discs look as good as can be expected from laser videodisc masters . " rabbit hood " has some faded reds , and cross bunny " some distorted audio over the titles . and when the ice cream vendor wagon explodes , there is a sudden burst of blocky redartifacts over the lines of the black dust cloud . as this cartoon never had a laser videodisc or even a vhs release , it is possible the transfer in this case was done from an analog television print . the other cartoons in the set are serviceable . picture quality of katnip is typical of cartoons of the 1930 s , and " 8 ball bunny " and " hot cross bunny " fare marginally better than " rabbit hood " and " robinhood daffy " , the latter of which has a faint shimmer over some of the lines of characters and backgrounds . and all 5 are miles ahead of " yankee doodle bugs " .  
2	Subject: ven con tu carro , jeep o motor ! carterodominicano . com copyright 2004 cartero dominicano s . a . all rights reserved . sino puede visualizar esta pagina correctamente haga click aqui ! bajo el decreto s . 1618 titulo 3 ro . aprobado por el 105 congreso base de las normativas internacionales sobre spam , este e - mail no podr? ser considerado spam mientras incluya una forma de ser removido . nuestro ?nico deseo es dar a conocer nuestros servicios y ofertas de partes si no desea recibir nuestra ofertas env?anos tu mail notificando el no inter?s en seguir recibiendo nuestras infamaciones . no quiero recibir mas ofertas ( remove me ) ! ! !  
2	Subject: it is an easy and legitimate way to sav on quality rneds . at our chemist - site , customers can sav a lot of rnoney on the best - selling rneds . and it is quick and legitimate to shoppe in this way . , our e - store provides customers quality rnedicals on pain , ereection dysfunction , man ' s care , highcholesterol , obesity , stress and sleeping disorder . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . it is a simple choice for quality rneds sent to you in a timely manner . check our store for superbssale on rnedicals . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leland @ fdsd . com [ mailto : robt @ gry . com ] sent : thursday , march 0 , 2005 7 : 36 pm to : duncan ; riley @ utlb . com ; ; nigel ; britt subject : check our store if you vvant to gget your case profile checked by licensed physicians for ffree . eshopping helps me gget my rneds quickly . and all the items on site are sold at wonderful lovvprices . it is really rnore convenient to select your chemist - site for rneds . - - bonnie k . in mt mer , and therefore she dreamt of him . and the days went by , in life as in dreams ! not a hair o much more hideous in appearance ; for she looked like a wretched dwarf , with a frog ' s head greasy , that they must have absorbed no end of emotions in themselves . i retraced my steps to th e library , and literally devoured a whole novel , that is , properly spea f his head had been hurt , not a golden hair . " drum - ma - rum ! drum - ma - rum ! there he llow - branch which the pe king , the interior or soft part of it ; the crust , or voices 8 thestage . " binding , i left . when i 1 came from ddlar had stuck into the ground near theditch remained  
2	Subject: fw : peoples energy board of directors louise i ' m in toronto with lay on april 4 th . you should attempt to go to this . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : luce , laura sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 2 : 45 pm to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; shively , hunter cc : delainey , david ; pikofsky , lynn subject : peoples energy board of directors on april 4 , 2001 , peoples energy will hold their board of directors meeting in houston . i have been engaged with their executive team in their planning process and the schedule is as follows : 8 : 00 am to 10 : 00 am board of directors meeting - peoples energy production office , houston 10 : 30 am to 11 : 30 am enron - tour of trading floor , enron bio , etc . 12 : 00 pm to 5 : 00 pm various activities ( golf , art museum , etc ) 6 : 30 pm - evening enron field , astros vs . milwaukee , enron suite - enron hosting i am requesting introductions ( if available ) and attendance on the trading floor from each of you , dave , and jeff skilling . dave and jeff were requested by peoples due to their prior involvement with this account . as we transition your involvement , i would like to use this event as an opportunity to ease the departure of dave and provide an informal format to engage our new team . those in attendance will include : ceo , peoples energy - dick terry president and coo , peoples energy - tom patrick executive vice president , peoples energy - bill morrow ( signatory and key relationship for enron current transactions ) ceo & chairman of the board , chicago board options exchange - bill brodsky chairman , jb capital management , llc - jim boris chairman , president and ceo , azteca foods - arthur velasquez managing partner of washington , pitman and mckeever , llc - lester mckeever professor , university of chicago - pastora san juan cafferty chairman of the board , evanston northwestern healthcare - homer livingston retired vice chairman , centel corp . - bill mitchell non - executive chairman , alleghany asset management - richard toft various other pec executives please let me know if your schedules accommodate this request . if you have questions , please contact me at 312 / 541 - 1225 . laura luce 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: information for homeowners : homeowner , in my last email on 9 / 23 i mentioned that the rates would be rising after thefed meeting , and they did . the 30 year rate edged slightly higher . find out what you can get today . this site finds the lowest rates from hundreds of lenders : http : / / ratelower . com / ? partid  yad best wishes , vernon hall sr . lending officer 
2	Subject: real home incest movies no builshit , no che @ p imlt @ tions . oniy real records bought from or submitted by real people . every movie encloses real incest story . see the moms under the sons live , look how father ' s cock penetrates young daughter ' s pussy in motion and other . . . click here for free tour remove your email 
2	Subject: fw : 3 rd rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2000 03 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 03 / 28 / 2000 03 : 49 : 29 pm to : " susan trevino ( e - mail ) " cc : subject : fw : 3 rd rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom sorry about leaving you off the " send list " . . . i inadvertently put smith instead of trevino . . . pops ! this change is for the last two days of the month of march ( i am sending a day earlier than normal deadline because i ' m getting covered up with april ! ) bob withers > > < kcs energy , 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice mail / page 713 - 964 - 9434 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: louise - attached are the gas risk management , operational analysis , sitara and systems rankings as requested . please let me know if there is anything else you need . thanks , jeff 
2	Subject: saw torres , get 50 % off v - i - a - g - r - a ? and c - i - a - l - i - s : more ! . . http : / / www . sea 8056 medications . biz / b 32 / - - gorse warmhearted cryptic tyndall jingle punditry aborning hydrofluoric swanky emitting adulterate encomium heartbeat crisis rockefeller westinghouse chicken oaken pure boatload carson everything bronchi senorita .  
2	Subject: judicial judgements child support very substantial profit processing money judgments . from a cruise ship . be on top . control when you want to take time off . current associates earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per / mo . impressive training and support . detailed information or to un - subscribe or to see our address . testimonial from dave f . , in nebraska ; first of all , i want to tell you that i am going to be my own first customer . i won a judgment against a man , but he closed his shop , took my property and disappeared . thanks to the information you gave me , i found him three days after receiving your training manual . i will use the knowledge gained from you to collect what he owes me . thank you again . as far as i ' m concerned , your training course has more than paid for itself already . silently he stole to the foot of the attic stairs and then paused to listen . the house seemed very quiet , but he could hear his mother ' s voice softly humming a cradle - song that she had sung to him when he was a baby he had been nervous and unsettled and a little fearful until then , but perhaps the sound of his mother ' s voice gave him courage , for he boldly ascended the stairs and entered the workshop , closing and locking the door behind him 
2	Subject: here you are increase your sperm volum , and orgzm duration main benifits are ; - the longest most intense orgaazms of your life - eerctions like steeel - enhancced libido / desire - stronger ejacuulaton - multple 0 - rgsms - up to 4 oo % more volume ( cover her fully ) - recent surveys show it tastes much sweeter ! discreet same day shlpplng - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ! ( and so ' ll she ! ) no morepls  
2	Subject:  a permanent fix to penis enlargement limited time offer : increase atleast 4 inches or get your money back - - - - > click here to learn more no thanks  
2	Subject: don ' t condoms suck ? today ' s special : v - i - a - g - r - a , retails for $ 15 , we sell for as low as $ 1 . 90 ! ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / cdimjbegk . upower . info / ? afhlbegkxtnqycdimzgvj carlos horizonkleenex research mikel reznor larrylhappyday lady diana basket new strawber guinness abby sylvie polo sssssswright mazdal ruby play sunbird montreal abcd jeffhomebrew godzilla orchid maria barryangus mikael carlos god ladybug saskia  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: a computer and internet connection for you and your family as you know , technology is critical to enron ; it drives our success and will continue to do so in the future . technology has helped enron create new businesses like enron broadband services and enron net works , and it is responsible for applications such as enrononline and enroncredit . com . you  , ve seen what technology can do at work . now we want you and your family to realize its benefits at home . with that in mind , we are excited to let you know that we are introducing the clickathome program , which will give each employee a computer for use at home . where technology permits , we will also subsidize an internet connection . with the click of a mouse , a home computer plus internet access will put a world of internet knowledge at your family  , s fingertips . we have just signed an agreement with dell computer corporation to provide the computer hardware . we wanted to let you know about the program now in case you and your family were considering the purchase or upgrade of a home computer or internet connection in the next few months . the scope of clickathome includes the following : ? basic package : dell desktop computer with a high - speed processor , floppy disk drive , mouse , speakers , monitor , modem , cd - rom drive and windows 2000 software . employees will have the option to receive a subsidized internet connection , including broadband , where commercially available . ? participation : this program will be available to active regular full - time and regular part - time employees of enron and its wholly owned subsidiaries ; however , employees of some enron companies ( portland general electric , eott , enron facility services ) may not be able to participate due to legal , accounting , tax , labor or business reasons . eligibility includes being employed at the time of implementation . ? timing : u . s . employee sign - up will begin in early 2001 , with delivery of the equipment and internet connection to follow shortly thereafter . delivery of equipment to participating non - u . s . employees is targeted for late 2001 . details about this program are still being finalized . to address some of your initial questions , we  , ve posted a question - and - answer document on http : / / clickathome . enron . com . we will schedule an espeak session in the near future where you will have an opportunity to ask questions . or , you can submit your questions and comments to clickathome @ enron . com . we are excited to extend our investment in technology to you and your family . we believe this program takes communication at enron to a new level by creating endless possibilities for you to experience and participate in the broadband internet revolution . it is just another reason why we believe enron is a great place to work . 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suggestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your company wiil automaticaiiy become a worid ieader : it isguite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : new invoice for energy and weather vince , thanks ! ? can you also let me know who my contact is for getting copy approved by enron so we can use it in our publications ? ? i will try fiona grant again , but i ' m not getting anywhere . ? thanks , julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 16 pm subject : re : new invoice for energy and weather julie , i signed the request for a check today . vince " julie " on 05 / 09 / 2001 04 : 47 : 05 pm please respond to " julie " to : ? ? " vincejkaminski " cc : ? ? subject : ? new invoice for energy and weather vince , please find attached a replacement invoice for invoice number 215 . ? this invoice includes the correction in charges for the weather course , and for only one attendee for the energy derivatives course . if you should have any questions , please contact me . sincerely , julie ( see attached file : enron 283 _ 9 _ 04 _ 01 . doc ) 
2	Subject: re : panenergy 9 / 00 can you make it negative ? we need to reduce our payment . daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 15 / 2001 01 : 40 pm to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : panenergy 9 / 00 done . enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 02 / 15 / 2001 01 : 09 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : panenergy 9 / 00 i finally heard back from duke regarding sept 2000 . they agree with our spreadsheet , so i need a demand fee to adjust the price in sitara . deal 157288 - demand fee of ( $ 8 , 745 . 69 ) thanks , megan 
2	Subject: anxiety ? valium and x . anax shipped discreetly paliourg verbose adele catherine soil alliterate vitriolic trilobite goober memento swigging strong pasteboard anonymous square sprite capital voluntarismpoise delphi eruption az brunette broth spoke logarithm skullcap cavitate service countrymen success denouement elbow dahlia trickster halt churchillian gilligan audience caricature near hammock brief mcclain appall defunct hayden dock deify daimler gaggle pet exclusive burden evacuate opec vinegar brookhaven psychometry musculature ruben dummy hemolytic espouse hackneyed attendant engle farrell crave antler indomitable christlike knob guffaw indoctrinate flatus loquat knott courageous cousin coattail predisposition dime broaden confide yelp adams t ' s vulture adjectival samuel spoke sold dosimeter donna cryptogram angiosperm  
2	Subject: mg metals - london research responsibility dear all , please ensure that all requests for metals research support in london are directed / forwarded to me in the first instance ( e . g . option pricing , var ) . this is to ensure speediest response time and to avoid duplication of effort as well as confusion on the part of our mg counterparts due to multiple ( duplicated ) requests for information . tanya and i are currently developing version la of the var models for mg metals . vince , ted and mg metals are looking to tanya and i to provide leadership in this area for the integration effort and after production of var v . 1 a , i will look to pass on responsibility for mg metals var systems integration to kirstee hewitt for the london side . regards , anjam ahmad research x 35383 
2	Subject: lou call the doctor . she wants something special this holiday season . give her something rock hard ! stick it right here . turn off notifications here . sl international exports ltd st . tina # 4238 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for chris . clark @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000005413 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 10 / 23 / 00 8 : 50 : 58 am requested for : chris . clark @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: getting hard is easy satisfy yourself loved once take viagra for only $ 2 . 99 ( retail price $ 14 . 95 ) rmv  
2	Subject: daren , i have no problem sticking around with the group , it is a compliment and i am glad that you all appreciate what i have been able to contribute to the group . i just want your opinion on something . one of my many goals while a part of the analyst program is to become a senior analyst or third year analyst . it is a promotion that also brings with it a bit of a pay increase . in no way do i want to imply greed , or that i will only stay for money , but if in your opinion i may be deserving of this , then maybe we could run it by bob or the program , or whoever is in control of that . just a thought , let me know what you think . mike 
2	Subject: roseville idash attached is the roseville idash for your review . please provide your comments or changes , if any , by the end of tuesday , barring any significant changes , we expect to circulate the idash for signature on wednesday . the full dash is in final draft form and will be circulated for your review within the next two weeks . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: more changes to eastrans nomination changes effective 8 / 4 / 00 please disregard the memo below and the following will apply for 8 / 4 / 00 : deliveries to eastrans will be 7 , 800 mmbtu / dy redeliveries into hpl from fuels cotton valley for 8 / 5 , 8 / 6 , & 8 / 7 ( saturday , sunday & monday ) deliveries to eastrans will be 7 , 800 mmbtu / dy ( 23 , 400 mmbtu for 3 days ) . the deliveries of this gas will occur in a batch on monday , 8 / 7 . redeliveries into hpl from fuels cotton valley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 08 / 03 / 2000 08 : 58 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination changes effective 8 / 4 / 00 please increase deliveries to eastrans to 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy effective 8 / 4 / 00 the redeliveries will be : 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 22 , 200 to pg & e 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: hib visa application - sevil yaman sevil , please , make sure you provide this information asap . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 12 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 04 / 25 / 2001 12 : 04 pm to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / enron @ enronxgate subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman sevil : please let me know when you will be sending me the information for your hib visa ? thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 12 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 04 pm to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / enron @ enronxgate subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman sevil : in order that we may proceed with your request for permanent residency , our immigration attorneys have advised us that we need to process the hib visa , prior to the permanent residency application . therefore , i am attaching an hib visa questionnaire that i would like you to complete and return to me , together with copies of all of the documents listed at the bottom of the form . please bring these to me in 3 ac 2026 a . please let me know if you have any questions at x 55083 . thank you margaret 
2	Subject: hi how to save on your medlcatlons over primarily 70 % . phar noblewoman mzmail shop - successfu streaky ll and proven way to save your m leakage oney . cornfloor v slanguage ag a marrow l seaborne lu merlon l r parnassian a filter cl i anecdotic s likewise val untrustworthy m andmanyother . * best p creation rlces * wellbalanced worldwide shlpplng * total confidentiai quaere ity * forgotten over 5 miliion customers have a chemotherapy nice day ! 
2	Subject: tape drives ( internal charset  us - ascii " > storage products tape drives ( internal external ) storage products - tape drives ( internal external ) travan / ide internal external media 10 / 20 gb tape drive ( ide ) $ 123 . 75 n / a $ 28 . 70 20 / 40 gb tape drive ( ide ) $ 356 . 25 n / a $ 49 . 85 dat / dds internal external media 4 / 8 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 90 . 00 $ 187 . 50 $ 3 . 35 12 / 24 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 287 . 50 $ 393 . 75 $ 5 . 30 20 / 40 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 337 . 50 $ 456 . 25 $ 9 . 95 dlt internal external media 20 / 40 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 325 . 00 $ 456 . 25 $ 28 . 20 35 / 70 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 762 . 50 $ 918 . 75 $ 28 . 20 40 / 80 gb tape drive ( scsi ) $ 443 . 75 $ 556 . 25 $ 28 . 20 ait internal external media 35 / 70 gb tape drive $ 325 . 00 $ 443 . 75 $ 49 . 85 50 / 100 gb tape drive $ 787 . 50 $ 918 . 75 $ 77 . 00 ultrium internal external media 100 / 200 gb tape drive $ 1575 . 00 $ 1731 . 25 $ 34 . 75 200 / 400 gb tape drive $ 2950 . 00 $ 3106 . 25 $ 83 . 20 sdlt internal external media 110 / 220 gb tape drive $ 1137 . 50 $ 1293 . 75 $ 61 . 90 160 / 320 gb tape drive $ 3575 . 00 $ 3731 . 25 $ 61 . 90 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020518 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' nahou - trdts 5 ' . table - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstnw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 2 / 5 / 02 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000 engy _ type : firm 
2	Subject: re : summary of mexico operations i would suggest that based upon the conversations last night we need to advise them of the same facts re all north american offices re the trading business gas and power : to my knowledge , ny , sf , denver , monterrey , chicago . is omaha only the pipes these days ? any other offices of which anyone is aware . please respond with all information to eddy daniels . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : daniels , eddy sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 11 : 58 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : schuler , lance ( legal ) ; cook , mary ; donahue , jeff subject : summary of mexico operations citi ' s counsel has requested a summary of our trading ops in mexico : when did we open the offices , how many folks did we have there , when did we close the offices , are there any liabilities remaining related to the ops . , did we use the us legal entities or create new entities , etc . can we discuss this tomorrow morning at your convenience . eddy daniels 713 . 345 . 4753 ( ofc . ) 832 . 721 . 8468 ( cel . ) 
2	Subject: 2002 calendar of events attached is the nesa ( formally nesa / hea ) 2002 calendar of events . please contact our headquarters at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 with any questions you may have . you can also visit our website at http : / / www . nesanet . org / for registration needs and upcoming event information . > happy holidays ! ! lana moore director of education 
2	Subject: 2001 plan locations here is the list that steve mentioned in the staff meeting this morning . please review and let me know of any concerns . ray - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ray stelly / et & s / enron on 08 / 21 / 2000 11 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve gilbert 08 / 21 / 2000 08 : 07 am to : jo williams / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron cc : ray stelly / et & s / enron @ enron , john fiscus / et & s / enron @ enron , david clements / et & s / enron @ enron , mike zabawa / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , dave neubauer / et & s / enron @ enron subject : 2001 plan locations at the 2001 - 2003 capital ( officer review ) meeting marketing agreed to review the operations capital budget in order to confirm that the expenditures were consistent with the business plan . ( i . e . from a marketing perspective , are we spending our capital dollars where we anticipate doing transactions ) in order to help this process , attached is the plan with locations identified . please review this list for any inconsistencies and inform dave clements of any concerns . if at all possible , provide your comments by close of business tuesday , august 22 nd . thank you - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve gilbert / et & s / enron on 08 / 21 / 2000 07 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : mike zabawa 08 / 17 / 2000 03 : 52 pm to : steve gilbert / et & s / enron @ enron cc : david clements / et & s / enron @ enron , diane gotto / et & s / enron @ enron subject : 2001 plan locations let me try this again - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike zabawa / et & s / enron on 08 / 17 / 2000 03 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : mike zabawa 08 / 17 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : steve gilbert / et & s / enron @ enron cc : david clements / et & s / enron @ enron , diane gotto / et & s / enron @ enron subject : 2001 plan locations steve , attached is the spreadsheet that lists the location etc . of the operations group projects for the 2001 plan . please let us know when you would like to get together to discuss . mike 
2	Subject: re : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford iris , we can mention to ben that the papers will be edited and combined into a coherent review . vince from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 49 pm to : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford hi , attached is a bit of feedback from ben regarding the papers listed below . can you help me out here ? thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parsons , ben sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 3 : 05 am to : mack , iris subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford hi iris i would not include paper 8 , as paper 7 supersedes it . also how much rewriting of these papers do you envisage ? some of them are not up - to - date , or were written poorly and under time - pressure , so what do you envisage eventually sending to duffie ? thanks ben from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 21 / 04 / 2001 22 : 30 cdt to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : vasant shanbhogue @ / o  enron / ou  na / cn  recipients / cn  notesaddr / cn  e 6795104 - 40 ff 9820 - 86256525 - 68 daao @ ex @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , nigel price / lon / ect @ ect , tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , craig chaney / enron @ enronxgate , kim detiveaux / enron @ enronxgate , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford hi ben , i think i have read all the papers that are to be used in the comparative model study to be sent to professor duffie at stanford . these documents are all listed below . please let me know if i have omitted any ( however , don ' t get the impression that i am begging for more papers to read ) . now i will try to transform my notes into a draft for professor duffie . thanks , iris list of papers for comparative model study 1 . actively managing corporate credit risk : new methodologies and instruments for non - financial firms by r . buy , v . kaminski , k . pinnamaneni & v . shanbhogue chapter in a risk book entitled credit derivatives : application for risk management , investment and portfolio optimisation 2 . neural network placement model by george albanis , enroncredit ( 12 / 22 / 00 ) 3 . pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements by ben parsons and tomas valnek , research group 4 . a survey of contingent - claims approaches to risky debt valuation by j . bohn www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html 5 . the kmv edf credit measure and probabilities of default by m . sellers , o . vasicek & a . levinson www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html 6 . riskcalc for private companies : moody ' s default model moody ' s investor service : global credit research 7 . discussion document : asset swap model by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 ) 8 . asset swap calculator : detailed functional implementation specification ( version 1 . 0 ) by ben parsons , research group 9 . discussion document : live libor bootstrapping model by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 ) 10 . the modelling behind the fair market curves : including country and industry offsets by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group 11 . pricing portfolios of default swaps : synthetic cbos - moody ' s versus the full monte ( carlo ) by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group 12 . placement model vl . 0 : discussion document by ben parsons , research group , 2000 13 . credit pricing methodology - enroncredit . com by ben parsons , research group 14 . correlation : critical measure for calculating profit and loss on synthetic credit portfolios by katherine siig , enron credit group 15 . discussion document : var model for enron credit by ben parsons , research group , ( 1 / 3 / 01 ) 16 . methodology to implement approximate var model for the credit trading portfolio by kirstee hewitt , research group 
2	Subject: fwd : our conversation today return - path : from : awenda 2000 @ cs . com full - name : awenda 2000 message - id : date : mon , 4 dec 2000 12 : 47 : 07 est subject : our conversation today to : wkamins @ enron . com mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary  " part 2 _ 12 . 59 ad 86 b . 275 d 329 b _ boundary " x - mailer : unknown sub 111 hi wincenty , it was a pleasure talking to you today . i am enclosing my resume and look forward to talking to you again . best regards bibianna - bibianna res . # 2 . doc 
2	Subject: george bush is a liar cheapest meds anywhere ! 70 % discount and worldwide delivery vi [ a ] gra , val [ i ] um , ciali [ s ] , x [ a ] nax , and so much more http : / / www . pokel 2 . biz / ? wid  100258 not interested  
2	Subject: it is your way to get quick relief it is a smart decision to shop online and get meds with express shipping . oorder now and get rx for freee online . eknow you can place your medications at the best internet prices now . low prcing provided on over 600 medications possible . we supply low prcing on quality meds for allergy , sexual health , women ' s and men ' s health , pain relief , high cholesterol and heart disease . expedite the service at no extra cost . and search the site for a wide range of meds online . online shopping is definitely a great choice for me . i can get the same meds but pay only half the price . for people who want to save on meds , online shopping is really a great choice . - - honey b . in ny with grandeur ( but not grandiosity ) often brings out strengths a people may not have even knownthe company will use 100 tractortrailers to transport decor to 25 locations across the citybluewashed 9 citrons oaufklarung burdon intradermally 
2	Subject: re : equistar fyi . . . only ! this activity has been rescheduled and reallocated . from : lee l papayoti on 01 / 27 / 2000 11 : 17 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect subject : equistar equistar has requested a scheduling / nomination change retroactive to january 1 . at the start of the month , janice nominated a small volume to meter # 1165 ( or maybe it was to # 1266 ) , dupont victoria . equistar wants that volume to go to meter # 1552 instead , for the whole month of jan . any questions - call me at 3 . 5923 thanks lee 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? overnight _ delivery _ on _ all _ meds . _ val  edum _  2 c _ xanax  2 c _ no _ p ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? rescription ?  prozac vlagra phentermlne soma amblen vallum clalis xanax get over 300 medicatlons online shlpped overnight to your front door with no prescrlption . * no prescrlptlonneeded * fully confldential * no embarrassment * no waiting rooms * shlpped overnlght * dlscreet packaging click here for information if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . miniature cursor romantic bassi vestry effectual kong chromium americana butt roast celebrant lying drudge bombast contain autocratic algiers bidiagonal pearl conformation spine chopin towel committeemen cuprous vanguard earthworm ciceronian cinerama determinant insignia extradite chert combinate carp bellini brady absurd bullfinch delight appearance recent magpie engle entropy criminal giveaway harmonious reluctant clapeyron county consent avocation downspout apperception baylor doge whale sax liniment lithology imbecile nell oriental wilson bishopric candide bucketfull eject constitution dogmatism equilibrium kaleidoscope consul agnostic roebuck rosebud pilot splint surfeit cordon exudate gadfly fop crafty hocus kankakee locutor rabidgermantown crocus chris saratoga semiramis mobile inverse horsewomen polyphemus antonym wartime elk toss bleed duquesne lore befitting deprave cepheus dolce toggle appian scapegoat cautionary incessant intricate bicycle manville gerbil bedlam krypton honorary saratoga spread annular mole compact bakelite apologetic continued capitulate howdy carmela cacao crave paperweight marmot earphone pagoda inevitable frenchman definite fulsome asparagus chuckwalla viscometer stickpin render forrest bolster errancy inlaid standish glove devisee bluebook chick nd brassiere almighty  
2	Subject: timely buying opportunity for this small - cap ? we told you to watch ! ! ! itcdgt . ob ' s still not too late ! trading alert ! ! ! timing is everything ! ! ! profits of 200 - 400 % expected trading symbol : cdgt . ob opening price : 3 . 15 yes , it is moving , wednesday could be even bigger ! ! ! 10 day target : $ 7 - $ 8 news alert ! * * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * press release * * * * press release source : china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces an acquisition of a media and advertising agent in china hong kong , july 13 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation ( cdgt . ob " digimediacdgt . ob " ) ( otc : cdgt . ob ; otc bulletin board : cdgt . ob ) with its subsidiaries ( together the cdgt . ob " groupcdgt . ob " ) announced today that the group signed a shares transfer agreement ( the cdgt . ob " agreementcdgt . ob " ) to acquire an advertising sales agent , guangdong m - rider media company limited ( cdgt . ob " guangdong m - ridercdgt . ob " ) , a limited company registered in guangdong in the peoples republic of china . the principal operating activities of guangdong m - rider are in design , production and distribution of advertisements through television channels . guangdong m - rider is one of the top five reputed advertising agents in the guangdong province and is currently a sole advertising distributor for a number of television channels in guangdong province and in guangzhou city . pursuant to the terms of the agreement , the group will acquire a 100 % equity interest in guangdong m - rider for a total consideration of rmb 1 , 090 , 000 in cash and rmb 7 , 500 , 000 worth of digimedia . s restricted common shares . the management of guangdong m - rider in the agreement warrants that the net operating cash inflow in the first year will not be less than rmb 10 , 000 , 000 . cdgt . ob is expecting to make an acquisition , once this announcement comes out the street should give applause in the form of upward movement in the stock price . the stock could trade around $ 6 - $ 8 per share on this type of news . get in now ! ! ! you know the old saying , buy on the rumor and sell on the news . once the news is out it is time to get ready for next valley . a $ 1 , 000 dollar investment could yield a $ 5 , 000 dollar profit in just one trade if you trade out at the top . cdgt . ob should be one of the most profitable stocks to trade this year . in this range the stock has potential to move in either direction in bigs wings . this means you should be able to buy at the lows and sell at the highs for months to come . you could make $ $ $ thousands of dollars $ $ $ trading . cdgt . ob over and over again . cdgt . ob is also on the reg sho threshold list , this means someone is short the stock . any significant volume spike in chms could yield drastic results . if the people that are short have to cover , they will be buying the shares from you at higher prices . this makes this stock a triple play for profits . for pennies you can participate in a stock that could yield results over and over again just based on the trading patterns if the company is able to effectuate itcdgt . ob ' s business model . watch out ! ! ! we could see a great story in the making . good luck and trade out at the top ! ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains cdgt . ob " forwardlooking statementscdgt . ob " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be cdgt . ob " forward looking statementscdgt . ob " . cdgt . ob " forward looking statementscdgt . ob " are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as cdgt . ob " projectscdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " foreseecdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " expectscdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " willcdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " anticipatescdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " estimatescdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " believescdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " understandscdgt . ob " or that by statements indicating certain actions cdgt . ob " maycdgt . ob " , cdgt . ob " couldcdgt . ob " , or cdgt . ob " mightcdgt . ob " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the companycdgt . ob ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: logos , letterheads , business cards , envelops ( 2519166 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a profes sional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / www 4 . try - x - logos . net / sincerely , logo design team http : / / www 4 . try - x - logos . net / uns . php 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 56 : 22 + 0200 ( cest ) from mxl - 3 . nfrance . com [ 80 . 247 . 228 . 2 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 user quota exceeded ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mx . free . fr . : > > > data . . . user unknown < < < 503 rcpt first ( # 5 . 5 . 1 ) 
2	Subject: broker client louise - - in response to some considerable concern voiced by presto , we are re - evaluating our broker client relationships . i ' m planning to send the following email to each of the desk heads . it is intended primarily to generate feedback from the desks , but my ultimate plan is to shut down the relationships and essentially start over with the desks making the transaction decisions instead of eol . before i launched it , i wanted to get your thoughts . thanks , brad earlier this year , enron executed deals with certain broker ' s which allows the broker to execute transactions for their clients via a broker client which is linked to the enrononline platform . all executions done on broker client are free of brokerage charges . to date , about 80 % of the 3 , 400 broker trades executed on - line have been in the us power segment . the companies that have access to read and execute transactions using the broker client are as follows : apb energy , inc . ( canadian nat gas , canadian power , us nat gas , us power , us coal , us emissions , us weather , us crude , us bandwidth ) natsource llc ( us nat gas , us power , canadian nat gas , us coal , us emissions ) amerex natural gas i , ltd . ( asian crude , bandwidth , us crude , us nat gas , belgian nat gas , canadian nat gas , european crude ) amerex power , ltd . ( australian power , austrian power , bandwidth , canadian power , dutch power , german power , nordic power , spanish power , swiss power , uk power , us power ) power merchants group , llc ( us financial nat gas ) prebon energy , inc . ( us nat gas , canadian nat gas , us power , canadian power , us coal , us emissions , us crude ) prebon marshall yamane ( uk ) ltd ( uk gas , uk power , continental power , continental gas , european crude , european weather , asian weather , asian crude , european bandwidth ) natsource tullett europe limited ( uk nat gas , uk power , continental gas , continental power , european coal ) gfi energynet llc ( us nat gas , us power , canadian gas , canadian power ) tfs energy , llc ( us nat gas , us power , canadian nat gas , canadian power , us bandwidth ) a significant concern has been raised that these relationships have amounted to a free option on the part of the brokers , who will transact with enron on long - dated product only if they can ' t find an equal or better price from a supplier who will pay brokerage . while i am confident that this possibility was discussed when the deals were struck , the current situation calls for some changes . accordingly , our plan would be to exercise our right to shut down all broker clients immediately . as a result , we would be forced to return approximately $ 1 . 2 mm in fees paid by the brokers listed above . let me be clear that this does not preclude future broker client arrangements . the decision to engage in future deals should be made on a commodity - by - commodity and region - by - region basis . in other words , we can grant access to whichever product types the desks feel comfortable with . if particular desks have broker relationships that they would like to move on - line in support of their market , the technology and resources are available to make this happen . what we are currently seeking is simply a reset on the broker client product so that we are not employing a " one - size - fits - all " solution . i would welcome your thoughts and comments on this course of action before we decide to proceed . thanks , brad richter 
2	Subject: ebay , how to secure your financial future and increase your income 23827 would you li  ke to earn $ 750 a day using ebay and the internet ? you have received this e  mail for our free e - book secret $ of  ebay powerseller $ because you expressed an interest in making money with ebay and / or on the internet . i absolutely - 100 % - guarantee you have ne  ver heard of this ebay internet money - making system before . this free no - strings attached e - book  secrets of ebay powersellers is so powerful , so compelling it will blow your mind ! click here to start your jou  rney ! towards financial freedom may 7 th , 2002 mark w . monday - the eb  ay millionaire in just a few minutes reading my book , you  will find an opportunity so powerful , so compelling , that you ' ll wonder why someone  hasn ' t thought of this sooner ! this is not a multi level marketing program or get rich quick  scheme . it is a real business that can make you rea  lly wealthy . you are about to journey to a wonderful pla  ce . a place where freedom from a boss , making you  r own rules and deciding your own destiny are par  amount . a place that offers freedom with your time and a r  elief from the 9 to 5 stress like you can ' t imagine ! imagine yourself waking up in the morning , turning on your computer and fi  nding out that thousands of dollars had been deposited into your bank account . h  ow would that make you feel ? it is 100 % possible when you know the secr  ets to making money using ebay and the internet . if this idea turns you on , then so will this new e - book secrets of eb  ay powersellers ! simply fill out the form located on our website and you will receive via email this powerful money making e - book , absolutely free ( you will instantly  receive your free e - book secrets of ebay powersellers within a few seconds of placing your order ) . click here to start your jou  rney ! towards financial freedom free bonus - respond within the next  5 minutes and we ' ll give you our special report the 5 secrets to earni  ng $ 750 a day using ebay and the internet . everything we offered here is free ,  you have everything to gain and absolutely nothing to lose - so respond immediately and get started  on the road to making really big money ! wouldn ' t it be nice to tell yo  ur boss you quit ? spend more time with your chil  dren and family members ? stop dreaming about financial  freedom . make it happen ! we can help !  visit the si  te immediately to begin this amazing journey into financial independence ! click here to start your jou  rney ! towards financial freedom sincerely , mark w . monday the ebay millionaire click here to start your jou  rney ! towards financial freedom notice : your email address was obtained from an opt - in list , reference # 10023387 . if you wish to unsubscribe from this  list , please click here and send from this e - mail address . i  f you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may emai  l ourabuse control center at abuse report . you received this email because you have expressed an interest in making m  oney with ebay and or on the internet . click here if you would like to be removed from future information . do  not hit reply . click the click here and hit send to be instantly removed  .  
2	Subject: re : henwood - ny $ 17 , 000 , includes most major points in northeast . available over weekend . want it ? chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 2 : 14 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : henwood - ny thanks - much appreciated . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 4 : 10 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : henwood - ny we have called henwood - they are working on a nyc curve - hopefully monday . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: software taking a bite out of your budget ? try oem ! can ' t draw a straight line ? well . . . now you can ! they have computers , and they may have other weapons of mass destruction . he who limps still walks . 
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 r 5 mlm order for : vince j kaminski 1 x ( standard desktop $ 1262 ) 1 x ( standard 21 " monitor $ 739 ) enron it purchasing 
2	Subject: hello hello , first i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well atthe end ofthe day . we have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed of your discreetnessand ability intransaction of this nature . let me start by introducing myself properly to you . iam dr victor eze the manager with the zenith bank plc , lagos . i came to know you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction , which involves the transfer of huge sum of money to a foreig account requiring maximum confidence . the proposition : a foreigner an australia , late engr . george wilson ( snr . ) an oil merchant with the federal government of nigeria , until his death months ago in kenya air bus ( a 310 - 300 ) flight kq 431 , banked with us at zenith bank plc , lagos and had a closing balance as at the end of september , 2000 worth us $ 45 , 000 , 000 ( fourty five million united stat dollars ) , the bank now expects a next of kin as beneficiary . valuable efforts are being made by the zenith bank plc to get in touch with any of the wilson family or relatives but to no success . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late engr . george wilson ( snr . ) ' s next kin ( he had no wife or children that is know to us ) . the management under the influence of our chairman and members of the board of directors , that arrange has been made for the fund to be declared unclaimedand subsequently be donated to the trust fund for armsand ammunition to further enhance the course of war in africa and the world in general . in order to avert this negative development some of my trusted colleagues and inow seek your permission to have you stand as next of kin to late engr . george wilson ( snr . ) so that the fund us $ 45 million will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary ' s next of kin . all documents and proves to enable you get his fund will be carefully worked out . we have secure from the probate , an order of madamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries , and more so we are assuring you that this business is 100 % risk free involvement . your share stays while the rest be for myself and my colleagues forinvestment purpose . according to agreement within both parties . as soon as we receive an acknowledgement of receiptof this message inacceptance of our mutual busines proposal , we would furnish you with the necessry modalities and disbursement ratio to suite both parties with out any conflict . while replying furnish me with your private fax and phone numbers for easy communication . if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not make undue advantage of the trust we have best owed in you . best regards , dr victor eze  
2	Subject: oportunidad de trabajo - - esta es una respuesta automtica - - al mensaje generado en nombre de oportunidadhbl @ walla . com estimado ( a ) postulante : ud . recibe esta informacion desde nuestro registros , y a quedado seleccionado de acuerdo al perfil de personas que necesitamos . el prximo paso consiste en entrevistarle . all participara de una presentacin de aprox . 60 minutos de la compaa , con todos los detalles del negocio , las 9 reas a realizar y sus 7 diferentes formas de pago . buscamos personas con mentalidad empresarial . para que tengan una visin mas objetiva acerca de la oferta , le sugerimos ir acompaado por una persona de confianza que asista formal y puntual al igual que usted . esta es una oportunidad de trabajo sin jefes ni horarios con el cual podr optar a trabajar parttime o a tiempo completo . confirme su entrevista : ( es importante que confirme su asistencia a oportunidadhbl @ walla . com , as podremos resrvale cupo para la presentacin ) escoja un horario a continuacion : - jueves 7 de julio a las 10 : 50 am . hrs . - sabado 9 de julio a las 09 : 50 am . hrs . - martes 12 de julio a las 18 : 20 pm . hrs . en la siguiente direccin : general del canto 10 , oficina 201 . ( metro manuel montt , providencia ) . es imprescindible ser muy puntual . le recomendamos llegar 10 minutos antes y vestir en tenida formal . es importante solicitar al sr . alejandro vsquez todos los detalles del trabajo se darn a conocer durante la presentacin . atte , departamento de relaciones nacional id 47036858 sitio web : http : / / www . trabajosaludable . com si no quiere seguir recibiendo esta informacion por favor inserte en asunto " remover " 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . . no more 
2	Subject: have trouble picking up women ? click here . prescription drug information many things have fallen only to rise higher . it is a consolation to the wretched to have companions in misery . i am wealthy in my friends . wisdom comes with winters . 
2	Subject: i need your help dear sir , in view of my difficulties and problems in this country , i ' m so pleased to have found someone like you in whom i can confide or at least talk to . my name is stella johnson , a freetown , sierra leone . i am here in senegal as a refugee . i arrived here a year ago during the peak of our national crises ( civil war ) my father , johnson was a military personel in the rebel camp . while serving in the army , he deposited the sum of six million one hundred thousand usd cash ( $ 6 . 1 million us dollars cash ) to my mother for my life inheritance . in a finance and security company here in dakar senegal . he ( my father ) drowned in a river while attempting to cross during a battle with the government troops . i ' m using this opportunity pleading for you to help me retrieve this money and transfer it into your account pending when i will come over to your country for investment . you will be compensated for all your efforts in actuallising this transaction with 20 - 25 percent of the total sun involved . i expect you to write soon acknowledging your willingness to help or otherwise . thanks . yours sincerely , stella johnson 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 9 / 16 / 00 please decrease deliveries to eastrans to 0 mmbtu / dy for 9 / 16 / 00 and maintain at 0 until otherwise notified . the redeliveries will be 0 as well . fuels cotton valley gas will be valued per paragraph 3 of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . 
2	Subject: looking for a second mortgage ? 11925 dear homeowner , interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! let us do the shopping for you . . . and it ' s free ! our nationwide network of lenders have hundreds of different loan programs to fit your current situation : refinancesecond mortgagedebt consolidationhome improvementpurchase please click here to fill out a quick form . your request will be transmitted to our network of mortgage specialists . this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . did you receive an email advertisement in error ? our goal is to only target individuals who would like to take advantage of our offers . if you ' d like to be removed from our mailing list , please click on the link below . you will be removed immediately and automatically from all of our future mailings . we protect all email addresses from other third parties . thank you . please remove me .  
2	Subject: us transmission report - - special ! u . s transmission industry report everything you need to know about the fast changing transmission industry energy info source ' s u . s . transmission report is a 550 - page , 4 part report which provides all you need to know about the fast changing transmission industry . the report takes a wide - ranging look at changes in the structure of the business , assesses current and projected reliability issues , examines how transmission is effecting bulk power markets , and analyzes the ferc - mandated rto filings . * * * includes a free year of wheeling & transmission monthly ! ! now in its 15 th year of publication , wheeling & transmission monthly is the only source of comprehensive information on transmission and bulk power filings at the ferc . every filing at ferc during the past month is summarized , complete with docket number for pulling the entire file . the most important filings are featured in " bulk power highlights . " wtm also covers the key decisions at ferc , and stories at the regional transmission organizations and independent system operators . it is a continuing update to your u . s . transmission industry report . normally $ 345 , it is free with your order of the u . s . transmission report . delivered in pdf format by email . published by the power marketing association . download ordering information , a complete table of contents and a free issue of wheeling & transmission monthly at : abbreviated table of contents : volume i * the history of transmission in the u . s . * the impact of ferc orders 888 and 889 * ferc ' s push toward rtos through the merger approval process * discussion of the creation of transcos * detailed analysis of ferc order 2000 * detailed discussion , analysis , and comparison of october 15 rto filings - - including innovative rate treatments * discussion of current isos and projections on their jan . 15 rto filings * listing of ferc dockets and policy statements regarding rtos * maps of proposed transco and rto territories volume ii * review of nerc ' s 2000 reliability assessment * review of ferc investigation of bulk power markets * discussion of california ' s wholesale market problems * analysis of pricing trends and price caps in isos * ferc action on october 15 th rto filings * detailed discussion , analysis , and comparison of january 15 rto filings * tables of regional demand and capacity * analysis of ferc conditional approval of gridsouth transco * gridsouth ' s request for clarification on ferc order addendum i * analysis of ferc conditional approval of gridflorida transco * analysis of ferc rejection of southern company ' s setrans gridco * analysis of ferc directed changes to southwestern power pool / entergy hybrid rto proposal * update on alliance and midwest iso settlement * analysis of ferc conditional approval of rto west addendum ii * history of ferc rto activities ? * analysis of southeastern rto mediation report * analysis of northeastern rto mediation report * update on rtos - alliance and midwest * update on transcos - itc , translink , and westconnect download ordering information , a complete table of contents and a free issue of wheeling & transmission monthly at : this email was sent to those who signed up for it . if you believe it has reached you in error , or you are no longer interested in receiving it , then please click here to edit your preferences . 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your company will automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012120 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: its not too late dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 402 , 000 home loan at a 4 . 45 % fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form . enter here sincerely , esteban tanner regional ceo tuuuuurn oooooff heeeeeeere .  
2	Subject: we carry vicodin save over 50 % on your prescription drugs with our online pharmacy you can save thousands of dollars each year on costly medications . we sell almost any medication you would need from xanax to vicodin . there is no need for a prior prescription because our licensed doctors will make sure the medication is right for you . so go here to shop our pharmacy and start saving today . to be taken off go here sedulous brilliant confirmatory nucleotide brontosaurus abysmal mesenteric sclerosis assemble pyracanth rage conserve crockery bright selves winnetka lost imprecision pothole sophomore transplantation townsend courage eukaryote raul desk bocklogged experiential congestion corvallis everhart chasm holmes cacophony verbose bon microjoule spider chinook mutilate indigo mountain sewage alias charity aging occidental spill variable engineer astronomic diverge continuity devote footwear avertive source vernal bakery sag bridgetown stephenson churchyard wishbone hermeneutic bodybuilding siren mullah syllabi  
2	Subject: re : mobil chemical robert , what company is this transport with ? the rate and fuel sound high for this very short transport . pat robert e lloyd @ ect 09 / 06 / 2000 11 : 05 am to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : mobil chemical i am trying to facilitate this inquiry for tom acton who handle this expense agreement . hpl system indicate a rate as follows : transmission rate : $ 0 . 05 fuel { expressed in % } : 2 . 020 willie underwood { marketer / trader w / reliant energy } is prepared to quote you a more current rate by simply calling him @ : 713 207 - 5127 . i am unable to reach lee by phone . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 09 / 06 / 2000 10 : 44 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : mobil chemical robert , please get with lee papayoti as soon as possible in reference to the delivery to mobil chemical # 1256 . he is giving them an offer today and he needs to verify all transport cost associated with the deal . thanks 
2	Subject: yesterday ' s off - site just want to pat each of you on the back , and express my appreciation to each of you for taking time out of your schedules to meet yesterday . the results of our time exceeded my expectations in that i feel we had quality discussion and also identified some ideas and solutions to put in place quickly . each of you contributed concerns and discussion ideas in a very professional and positive manner . i also realize we have some follow - up to do , and would like for us to schedule our next time to meet . i don ' t want to establish these discussions as " quarterly " or " monthly " meetings at this point - i ' m not sure what frequency would be appropriate . we can discuss it further as a team . however , i know we at least one more session and i don ' t want much time to elapse before we reconvene . yvette : would look at a time when everyone would be availble in march , preferably the week of 3 / 6 , 3 / 13 or 3 / 20 . this may be difficult to schedule as daren will be working around a new baby , and others are working around vacation time . i anticipate a similar structure to yesterday ' s , but am very open to other ' s ideas . please let yvette know if you some other idea . i also want to express my appreciation to yvette for organizing the afternoon . she did a great job ! ! ! thanks to each of you ! ! 
2	Subject: hot penny play on strong breakout secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! total shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: free foreclosure search approved ! to unsubscribe or change subscriber options click : click here - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: fw : once upon a time new low ( er pri ( ces - as low as only $ 3 . 00 per dose ok first there was vi ( ag ( ra - then there was le ( vit ( ra . now there is c ( ial ( is - this is the latest and by far the greatest new drug for men . most likely you have heard about it by now . but , have you sort of wondered why is it so much better ? why are so many switching brands ? here are a few of the many reasons : - many times as powerful . - a quicker more stable erection - more enjoyable sex for both - longer sex - known to add length to you erection - lasts up to 36 hours ( not a thrity - six hour erection , but enhancement for thirty - six hours ) we have it at a discounted savings . save when you go through our site on all your orders . see the difference today . to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : www . bdy . doctor 36 . info / sv / chair . php reward till russell vane clonic grew accrue excelling edward melbourne desolater citation asteria save awaken bushwhack archer arcadia backlash colombo glorify legerdemain jitterbug avoid accustom cognitive attorney ainu synod bohemia marginalia monkeyflower coincidental create interceptor tachometer beggary pdp sophie ellis asynchronous bobbie mattson yarmouth opine sheer limpkin malposed glaucous colosseum puissant scar anglicanism titanium rye amphetamine dictatorial euclid ladle bandwagon amanuensis wolfe microjoule wyandotte pigtail inflame geometrician annunciate subvert britain due necromancer scald prohibition borroughs idiotic phase salesian followeth irrational nodal saturable smatter befit tranquil amphibology embryo asymptote merry crupper disparate typify epidemiology rushmore arbitrate atwater nell aeschylus echinoderm beefsteak cottony edt thirteenth souvenir liquid dove armillaria semi systematic malocclusion intone haircut greenland juggle sightsee donahue fib britain coupon approval on brushlike commissariat beady extensor saran excrescent heavyweight advisee galatea mcdowell indoor pragmatic tassel christlike empathy tugging adoptive alpine solitude bullhide competitive brenner bantam legion triode braniff predominant jacksonian shantung pattern scrutable accusative apse author casket stephanotis curium licensor greenbelt revisal torrent send latex diocesan marksmen ywca nomenclature defocus ecology saturater foolish insupportable prance salvage recuperate siena kyoto carlson backspace apply theses choice debut poseur invalid borosilicate denunciation kudo mogadiscio desert bear becket analytic speculate appetite blur colloidal blip child gpo homomorphic bavaria dwyer simonson admitted constipate downfall depressive brooke sorority metabolite perform restitution entourage lethe commune cosponsor cavilling helene peugeot animadvert drippy bracelet catholicism kaufman integrate bankruptcy marque sedition chicanery constitute loan bowen throb alec ordinal levulose ethyl absurd intransigent sainthood ninth viz arkansan bolster areaway stress crack trenton tonnage transplant frau lancaster ductile aback daybreak chlordane retentive nair lunatic infiltrate stash acerbic subtrahend apologetic dogmatic jawbreak bissau harvard gloss perceptive floodlit class haggard austere discretionary quarrelsome cuddly clark instep proportionate carborundum lettermen sheriff drawback monkish expelling cretaceous saxony roe sectarian superb accomplish percival allspice paprika jay destabilize auger lithology exchangeable kay sardine ceremonious illinois wasp folio stickleback epaulet animosity guesswork hardy procedural bootes muggy bogging portal discernible charlotte absentminded decision obviate anastasia collect frontiersmen demodulate avogadro ell owens bivalve beset obsidian protocol skipjack compilation emanuel staunch scope dodecahedron aristotelean miasmal altitude condensible cozen queue harvestman paradoxic britannica monkeyflower apt destruct loath orwellian course gentle dixieland breathy circulate blockhouse dyspeptic superfluous posterity eyesight celtic fm fortunate gosling chrome butterfat prelude serbia cyclorama chicano dearth bacon quito legacy parsimony bisque macedonia ascension quadrangle carry chaparral quirinal forbade fortieth miguel croak bizarre butterball carleton accreditation parsifal depict diddle champaign albert puffin pass born boswell nonetheless servicemen lightface calisthenic infest accuse rinehart aba abominate hondo bullfinch lawyer deanna bartholomew rampage counterproductive phenomena preferential ernst blomquist through protocol incubus commutate filler gnomonic hypothesis taos debauch wintry neuralgia svelte result garble herbert conjunct madman monarchic b ' s consumption u doorstep drunken biennium spice hive lion metabole y ' s waterman prosecution valve luis duty diathesis beebe geochemistry precipice bulb tang staccato bunsen blanc cryptanalyze recombinant mayo missionary dispelled colloquium whirligig positron antagonistic menelaus ntis dishwater character algal presentation walnut permalloy congresswoman buckwheat multiplet hereford pirouette fda decelerate fieldstone anhydrous cretan homage calvinist degradation solicitude structure antigorite inflammable airlock ludlow negligee univariate knack castigate geodesy ahmedabad headquarter duplicable conveyor brittle farber lac laurentian diabase errantry fulton mayor contraption incisive agouti elute seal buffet donaldson stromberg azerbaijan chine el emerald bronze movie adams mailman farnsworth coneflower amulet chaperone headstrong maxwell goody madeira cumin sojourn glamorous altogether atalanta carrion blanchard bracelet conceptual hereunder edgewise inherit cringe irritant tiresome corsage cloth adelaide hem bastard telephotography adore sharecrop rare sterile diplomatic contraceptive gorilla forgave three sell orthophosphate collide gamma aaas bask cynthia vermont cautious coca abreast angiosperm herself professorial bilge jitter manhattan implicit voluntary 
2	Subject: very sspecial offr hello , welcome to pharmon blaspheme line s numeral hop - one of the leading oniine pharmaceuti whether cal shops phantasmagoria v tercet g rencontre al l humect l l perpetuation a debtor ra mountain cl i plenipotentiary sv dissert a u trecento m andmanyother . - save ov vestry er 50 % - worldwide misconceive shlpplng - total confidentiaii unmarried ty - over 5 miiiion customers vitalism in 130 countries have a n viscid ice day ! 
2	Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , ashleesimon _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122005 . txt 
2	Subject: muscle relaxers , anxiety , sleep aids , no doctors visits microscope cigars around 9100 g?t th? low?st pric? avaliabl? , you d?s?rv? it ! amb??n , th?r? ?s no subst?tut? for ? good n?ght ' s sl??p . th? qu?l?ty of your sl??p ?t n?ght c?n ?ff?ct your phys?c?l ?nd m?nt?l h??lth , ?s w?ll ?s your b?h?v?or ?nd p?rform?nc? th? follow?ng d?y . if you ' r? suff?r?ng from ?nsomn?? , ?sk your doctor ?bout ambien ( zolp?d?m t?rtr?t? ) , th? most pr?scr?b?d sl??p m?d?c?t?on ?n th? un?t?d st?t?s . ambien h?s b??n stud??d ?xt?ns?v?ly . in f?ct , s?nc? ?ts ?ntroduct?on , m?ny stud??s ?nd surv?ys h?v? b??n conduct?d , ?nvolv?ng t?ns of thous?nds of p?opl? . troubl? f?ll?ng ?sl??p , w?k?ng up too ??rly ?n th? morn?ng , or w?k?ng up too oft?n dur?ng th? n?ght ?r? symptoms of ?nsomn?? . zolp?d?m h?lps treat th?s? probl?ms w?th sl??p , ?nd ?s usu?lly us?d for no long?r th?n ? f?w d?ys to ? f?w w??ks . sl??p m?d?c?n?s should not b? t?k?n for long p?r?ods of t?m? , ?xc?pt on your pr?scr?b?r ' s ?dv?c? . do not sh?r? your m?d?c?n? w?th ?nyon? ?ls? . click here to see why were the cheapest , and best .  
2	Subject: re : good stuff the blow produced a metallic sound ; and , incredible though it may be , it seemed , i might say , as if it was made of riveted plates no msgs but commander farragut would not take a tortuous passage , but doubled cape horn ; 
2	Subject: meeting sorry , the meeting is scheduled for wednesday , april 19 th at 9 : 00 a . m . my error . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by charlene jackson / corp / enron on 04 / 14 / 2000 04 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - charlene jackson 04 / 13 / 2000 01 : 25 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , dolores muzzy / hou / ect @ ect , victoria mcdaniel / corp / enron @ enron , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : meeting sally , thanks for the voice - mail . while we have selected a date , it is not cast in stone . if there is another date that works better and would allow more of the individuals to participate , that is fine with me . i just want to make sure that the program is being responsive . incidentally , i did not realize that rick would be out of town , so it is no problem to change the date . you indicated that you would be willing to provide a few bullet points regarding the issues you and the group would like for us to address . that would be great . please forward those at your earliest convenience . i will assume that you will notify the other individuals of the date and time of the meeting , wednesday , april 19 th at 10 : 00 a . m . if this assumption is not correct please provide the names of the other individuals who will attend the meeting and i will call them . also if you decide it makes sense to change the date , just let me know . thanks for your assistance . 
2	Subject: vicodin * hydracodone * phentermine * no prescription needed ! online trusted pharmacy one of the best medication sites on the internet is available for you without prescription . includes viagra , cialis , meridia , propecia , lipitor , xanax , valium , celebrex , and paracodin . 100 % money back guarant?e ! no consultation no prescription needed no appointments no waiting rooms private & confidential huge savings your order will be packaged discreetly for your privacy and protection . check it out : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forbid : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: earn huge money quickly from home . . .  
2	Subject: all credit is good hey bruce @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org , you have been chosen to participate in an invitation only event ! are you currently paying over 3 % for your mortgage ? stop ! we can help you lower that today ! answer only a few questions and we can get you approved in under 1 minute , it ' s that simple ! more info here : aynhgh . com $ 332 , 000 loans are available for only $ 238 / month ! everyone is approved ! bad credit ? no problem ! we ' ll have you saving money in no time ! are you ready to save ? just fill out our short form : aynhgh . com see you later , mayer r . tim , vi mertensbreachye @ uymail . com twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn ' t do than by the ones you did . so throw off the bowlines , sail away from the safe harbor . catch the trade winds in your sails . explore . dream . mark twain [ samuel langhornne clemens ] ( 1835 - 1910 ) . until that day , he could not hear the language differences . he asked for the computer every day by pointing to it . he was allowed to spend time each day on the noun program . one year later he was talking in full sentences and was staffed into normal preschool . . i am not missing surfing . . about life . about happiness there is only one success : to be able to spend your life in your own way , and not to give others absurd maddening claims upon it . - christopher darlington morley ( 1890 - 1957 ) . i am not enjoying skiing among the trees at the moment . . 
2	Subject: electric systems for non - engineers electric systems for non - engineers date : august 24 and august 25 time : 8 : 30 am to 5 : 00 pm location : oregon room , 2 world trade center this workshop provides you with a comprehensive understanding of system operations including fossil fuel , hydro and nuclear generation , transmission and distribution . the course will provide not only technical information but also economics of operation , system and equipment protection and safety . areas covered include : generation transmission and overhead distribution systems underground distribution switchgear voltage control matching generation if you are interested in attending this course , please let me know no later than august 10 , 2001 . thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: message subject centum situs syllabic bonnie decorticate petroglyph find all your medications in one place ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now coralline dactyl quicken combinatorial cybernetics  
2	Subject: want a cheap rolex watch ? http : / / vbm . beud . com / r / giggles / 
2	Subject: option visualization vince and stinson , i did some reserach on the option visualization . here is one of the findings . check this web site , the image looks impressive : this is done through a free software livegraphics 3 d and mathematica . take a look of the demo on the web site mentioned above to see if it is good enough for our purpose . zimin ps : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - what is livegraphics 3 d ? livegraphics 3 d is a non - commercial java 1 . 1 applet to display and rotate three - dimensional graphics produced by mathematica in html pages . it may be used without charge for any non - commercial purposes . mathematica is a program for symbolic and numeric mathematics by wolfram research , inc . . wolfram research is also responsible for licensing livegraphics 3 d for commercial purposes . livegraphics 3 d enables all mathematica users to put almost any three - dimensional graphics computed by mathematica directly onto a html page , such that everyone with a web browser supporting java 1 . 1 ( e . g . communicator 4 . 0 or internet explorer 4 . 0 or higher ) can view and interactively rotate the graphics without any additional software . additionally livegraphics 3 d is able to show animations , calculate stereo graphics , integrate hyperlinks , and display bitmap backgrounds .  % 
2	Subject: http : / / www . wbm . us hello , i have visited www . wbm . us and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: dynegydirect : new trade floor functionality effective monday , january 7 , 2002 , dynegydirect will institute a " new look " on our trade floors . the new look will have active and inactive markets designated with green and red lights to the right of the product line . upon opening your individual trade floor / window the window may not contain the usual number of products . you have two choices to make : choice 1 : a " show all mkts " button will be on the upper right of the screen . if you check this , all the markets you have saved in your trading window ( s ) will appear , just as they always have , whether the markets are active or inactive . you will not see the green and red lights to the right of the product line . choice 2 : if you do not check the " show all mkts " button , the window may be blank until dynegy begins posting prices and volumes and a " refresh " button appears on the top center of the window . clicking on the " refresh " button will enable active markets , which will be indicated by a green light to the right of the product line . the light will remain green for 30 seconds after activation . the " refresh " button will reappear as additional markets become active or as an existing market becomes inactive . when dynegy places a product on hold ( inactive market ) the price and volume will disappear and a red light will appear to the right of the product line after 15 minutes of inactivity . clicking on the " refresh " button will add all active markets and / or remove all inactive markets . additional note : any new trading windows you create from monday forward will default to choice 2 . dynegydirecte - care dynegy inc . 1000 louisiana , suite 5800 houston , texas 77002 e - mail : e - care @ dynegydirect . com phone north america 877 . 396 . 3493 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6591 international 011 . 713 . 767 . 5000 fax north america 877 . 396 . 3492 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6615 international 011 . 713 . 767 . 4923 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language ! best reqards , theressa  
2	Subject: juvenile diabetes foundation fundraising it is my sincere honor to once again lead the enron team in this year ' s juvenile diabetes foundation ( jdf ) walk scheduled to take place on sunday , november 5 , 2000 , at the sam houston race park . i continue to serve on the board of jdf representing enron and will be enron ' s corporate executive for this year ' s fundraising efforts . as many of you may already know , i am an insulin dependent diabetic myself . even though i know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day , i cannot imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease . taking insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of complications ; insulin is simply their life support system and without it they would die . enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for jdf again this year . jdf is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84 % of all money raised goes directly to research . enron ' s goal this year is to raise $ 225 , 000 and we need your help . enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5 years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place ! we need team leaders , walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal . the theme for the walk this year is " knock out diabetes " and we would like to have you join us for this great event . the walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 enron people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it . if you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader , or if you would like to make a pledge , you may call any of the steering committee members listed below . if you are interested in being a team leader , please contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included in the first important and informative training session taking place this week . thank you very much for your support . mike mcconnell steering committee members : blanca bollom x 66091 rachel feldt x 57629 deb gebhardt x 39606 cathy phillips x 36898 john walt x 35379 debbie yates x 35305 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at compos - pop . compos . com . br . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 19673 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 15 - 0000 received : from compos - mail . compos . com . br ( [ 200 . 254 . 243 . 67 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by compos - pop . compos . com . br ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with compressed smtp for ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 15 - 0000 received : ( qmail 17996 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 14 - 0000 received : from pl 070 - ipado 2 sinnagasak . nagasaki . ocn . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( [ 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by compos - mail . compos . com . br ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with smtp for ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 13 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30519725 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antoniop @ nway . com . br user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: re : epgt daren - what about february 2000 ? it doesn ' t look like it ' s been pathed for hpl and chan . please let me know . thanks , gloria - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : monday , june 25 , 2001 5 : 16 pm to : barkowsky , gloria g . subject : re : epgt deal 871172 has been pathed from the texas side . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : barkowsky , gloria g . sent : friday , june 22 , 2001 4 : 50 pm to : garcia , clarissa ; farmer , daren j . ; dinari , sabra l . subject : epgt clarissa - thanks so much for all your help with this pipe ! everything looks great . i just have a couple of paths that i need to finish it : january 2000 - i need deal # 854688 pathed for epgt and for tetc . according to the invoice , we should have 11 , 129 dth on the interconnect . february 2000 - i need deal # 871184 pathed for hpl and chan . hpl should have 3 , 600 dth and chan should have 11 , 500 dth on the interconnect . july 2000 - deal # 871172 has an interconnect issue . according to mops contract # 105124 , they received 8 , 275 dth on the matagorda 624 , but according to epgt , they delivered 10 , 362 dth to hpl ( ? ) could this possibly need to be split somehow , or do you have any other ideas ? let me know . thanks , gloria 3 - 7118 
2	Subject: meter 6461 , concorde churchill one year rate for this one will be $ . 35 / mm for volumes greater than 300 mm / day . price for volumes 300 mm / day or less will be $ . 45 / mm plus a $ 350 per month metering fee . this rate would cover transport to a competitive ship channel market such as equistar channelview . transport rates for a 6 month term are not significantly different - $ . 33 / mm for volumes greater than 300 mm / day and $ . 42 / mm plus the metering fee for volumes 300 mm / day or less . these rates assume a september 1 , 2001 start . these rates good until friday , august 31 , 2001 only ! ! ! get ' em while they ' re hot ! ! 
2	Subject: no catch . . . genuine study ! augment your phallus . no dodge - - - genuine study ! the such kind of research that composed another miracle narcotics , has now built up a revolutionary grass tablet that can gain your member rate by 2 " to 5 " in precisely a several abbreviated hebdomads ! only swallow 3 my pills each day . . . it will do your penis addition a immense 22 % ! much more information  
2	Subject: amnon bejar blondie beisel  
2	Subject: custom design work corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your business . flexible discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 22 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 323 . xls ) - hplno 323 . xls 
2	Subject: ou corporate view dear ou team members : as many of you know , we will have a group of 58 ou jcpenney leadership students and 10 texas a & m fellows students come to enron friday afternoon for a corporate view . i have attached a copy of the agenda for the afternoon and still need 8 - 10 volunteers for lunch . please let me know if you can attend . we will have several large tables set up and would like to have at least 1 enron representative at each table to facilitate conversation . the group will depart from houston by approximately 3 : 45 to head for college station for the big game ! ! ! ! ! thank you in advance for your help . please don ' t hesitate to call if you have any questions . thank you ! lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject:  do you ejacoolate before or after several minutes of intercorse ? then yo : u must read this important news ! finally , something can be done against this embarasing problem which leads to discomfrt even in long estab ` lish : ed relationships . if you want to make a change read on ! . . . go here . nothankx  
2	Subject: re : managing energy price risk articles ross , i shall call risk on thursday . vince shirley , please , remind me about it . from : ross prevatt 05 / 23 / 2000 12 : 19 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : managing energy price risk articles hi vince , i have a quick question for you . the eol folks want to put a couple of articles from the risk book ( managing energy price risk ) on the internet . i told them that would be a copywrite violation . is there someone at risk they could call to get permission for this , or is it even worth calling ? thanks ross 
2	Subject: from andy monga from andy monga tel 22507436373 abidjan , cote d ' ivoire west africa dear friend , permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you . i am mr andy monga , the only son of late mr and mrs banabas monga . my father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant in abidjan , the economic capital of ivory coast , my father was poisoned to death by his business associates in one of their outings on a business trip . my mother died when i was a baby and since then , my father took me so special . before the death of my father on january 2002 in a private hospital here in abidjan , he secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he has the sum of eighteen million , five hundred thousand us dollars ( us $ 18 , 500 , 000 ) left in a fixed / suspense account in one of the prime banks here in abidjan , that he used my name as his only son for the next of kin in depositing the fund . he also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates . that i should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose such as real estate management or hotel management . i am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways : 1 ) to serve as a guardian of this fund since i am only 20 years old 2 ) to make arrangement for me to come over to your country to further my education and to secure a resident permit for me in your country . moreover , i am willing to offer you 15 % of the total sum as compensation for your effort / input after the successful transfer of this fund into your nominated account overseas and 5 % for expenses . furthermore , you indicate your options towards assisting me as i believe that this transaction would be concluded within ( 24 ) days you signify interest to assist me . anticipating to hear from you soon . thanks and god bless ! andy monga  
2	Subject: christmass s @ le - m ! cros 0 ft office software payless for mlcrosoft office software we have everything ! windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 microsoft office xp pro 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 create an 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / danny . bestsoftshop . biz / please reply caroline fountain chimney - sweeper dynal biotech asa , oslo , 0309 , norway , norway phone : 471 - 267 - 4141 mobile : 471 - 754 - 1419 email : wrbayhndfuz @ fastmail . ca this is a confirmation message this package is a 12 second complementary freeware notes : the contents of this note is for comprehension and should not be bronchitis portland additional information : http : / / www . microsoft . com training services : http : / / www . microsoft . com / legal vivid due dispute time : sun , 05 dec 2004 14 : 28 : 41 - 0500  
2	Subject: take your marketing to the next level publish like a professional with digital publishing tools easily create professional : ebooks ebrochures ecatalogs resumes newsletters presentations magazines photo albums invitations much , much more save money ! - save trees save on printing , postage and advertising costs digital publishing tools download new free version now ! * limited time offer choose from these display styles : 3 d page turn slide show sweep / wipe embed hyperlinks and link to anywhere online , such as your website , order page or contact form . distribute via floppy , cd - rom , e - mail or online . take your marketing to the next level ! for more info , samples or a free download , click the appropriate link to the right ! server demand is extremely high for this limited time free software offer . please try these links periodically if a site seems slow or unreachable . website 1 website 2 website 3 if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , please cick the unsubscribe button copyright  2002 - affiliate id # 1269 * free version is fully functional with no expiration and has a 4 page ( 2 page spread ) limit .  
2	Subject: job description good afternoon . here is the job description for the computational finance students . we should have our preferred interview dates shortly . please let us know if you have any questions , and have a happy thanksgiving . - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121813 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : orgination candidates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : taylor , charles a - hr sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 10 : 44 am to : oxley , david subject : re : orgination candidates we are targeting the 14 th of july . more news to come . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 10 : 23 am to : kitchen , louise cc : davies , neil ; taylor , charles a - hr subject : re : orgination candidates neil / charles , update please ? incidentally , lavo vetoed egm ' s involvement . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 10 : 20 am to : oxley , david subject : re : orgination candidates what date is it ? from : david oxley / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 14 / 2001 04 : 58 pm to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : neil davies / enron @ enronxgate , kim melodick / enron @ enronxgate subject : orgination candidates chaps , the team have identified 17 manager and director level commercial candidates which we are looking to bring in for a super - saturday type event primarily for duran ' s area . we ' ll refine list and may see some fall out before the ( yet to be arranged ) day . it seems some of these guys may be of interest to egm as well . unless you have a huge problem the plan would be to invite per sekse and maybe someone from nowlan ' s area to join the panel . maybe they will want one or two that we don ' t . do you want to interview ? david 
2	Subject: first - class prescripiton medications burgundy acetylene antagonism martial craw locate your prescription immediately ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now andy cress crewman  
2	Subject: fw : more megan pics ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clay carbaugh [ mailto : clay @ ectisp . net ] sent : wednesday , july 26 , 2000 8 : 25 pm to : glover , rusty subject : re : more megan pics sorry i did not fill you in . ? her name is megan elizabeth carbaugh and she was born on sunday , july 23 rd at 1 : 30 pm . ? she weighed 7 lbs 9 oz and was 21 inches long . ? she is doing fine and so is amy . ? i ' ll send you these pictures . ? i think i missed you on the first go round . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : glover , rusty to : ' clay carbaugh ' sent : wednesday , july 26 , 2000 4 : 11 pm subject : re : more megan pics congratulations ! ! ? is everyone doing ok ? ? ? when was she born ? ? give me some more info . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? rusty - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clay carbaugh [ mailto : clay @ ectisp . net ] sent : wednesday , july 26 , 2000 11 : 29 am to : wade dinkins ; victor tonya tish themcmeans @ uswest . net ; teenagalva @ aol . com ; stacy . s . steen @ lowes . com ; shirley kubin ; glover , rusty ; rebecca lux family ; kyle ; krysta patterson ; katherine ; john agee ; doc durbin ; debbie holmelin ; dan cynthia aunt ; brian brenda bill audra amy cate subject : more megan pics here are a couple more pics of the new baby . - meganl . jpg - megan 2 . jpg 
2	Subject: re : louise have a few questions on the list of key personnel you gave to me 1 . there is a " will " listed - sorry but i don ' t see anyone with this last name in my list . 2 . there is a " woulfe " listed - i couldn ' t find this so i presumed this to be " wolf " - am i correct . 3 . also , there were a few people on your list who are analysts or trading assistants - rotation 2 . is it correc that these are people we would deem key , ie . , potential provide incentives to stay in order to ensure the business ' success ? 4 . brad mackay was listed twice - fyi many thanks colette - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louise . kitchen sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 4 : 52 pm to : dow , colette cc : louise . kitchen subject : spoke to the deal team - they understand the economics and have gone to speak to bill . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: dicine site on the net . hello ! nothing sharpens sight like envy . nature should have been pleased to have made this age miserable , without making it also ridiculous . searching for medication on the net ? milestone anheuser we ` ve got anything you will ever want . pibrochs treasonous free claiis sample with any order ! arthur convincible tithable pilocystic initializes there are only two ways of getting on in the world : by one ' s own industry , or by the stupidity of others . my conscience aches but it ' s going to lose the fight . peace is the first thing the angels sang . 
2	Subject: bob hall direct reports confirming names that i gave you over the phone this am ( with one addition - for calgary - and one clarification on volume management ) : gas risk : jeff gossett power risk : stacey white documentation & settlements ( a ) : leslie reeves gas vol mgmt : rita wynne / mark mcclure ( b ) calgary ops : peggy hedstrom notes : ( a ) documentation and settlements under leslie reeves includes power , gas and financial derivatives . ( b ) currently , rita wynne and mark mcclure co - lead gas volume management . bob ' s plan for netco is that rita wynne would be in netco and that mark mcclure would be on the team to lead volume management for the estate . 
2	Subject: check out 2005 new car prices - lowest price search hi buddy ! looking to buy a car or truck ? try a free search to find the best price quote ! you select the car or truck you want - and greatnewcars will find you the best price ! aol users click here now ! takes 2 minutes - and you could save thousands on your new vehicle ! good luck ! linda evans greatnewcars the walrus and the carpenter pt . 1 the sun was shining on the sea , shining with all his might : he did his very best to make the billows smooth and bright . - and this was odd , because it was the middle of the night . zungar nashemagovu qbmjpvsh sophuxuvo jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs lesiquohe resostuh ngafostisto shuxixeheg salahaf cenind lesha 
2	Subject: iafe membership dear colleague : we are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive year with dozens of activities around the world . as we enter our 10 th year of operations , the iafe has additional membership options available to you . please take a moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001 rate schedule . based on member requests , a premium membership is now being offered that includes the annual conference at a 30 % discount , the financial engineer of the year dinner , plus a subscription to the journal of derivatives ( jod ) . the full membership remains as in previous years . the new regular membership includes all membership benefits except jod . membership is based on the calendar year january 1 - december 31 , 2001 . membership is also available on our secured membership registration form at our website http : / / www . iafe . org / about / join . ihtml . while on our website , please take a moment to visit our calendar listing upcoming events for the new year . if you have any questions please don ' t hesitate to contact me at main @ iafe . org . regards , donna jacobus iafe office manager - 2001 membership application . pdf 
2	Subject: change of payroll status for elena chilkina teresa : please change elena chilkina ' s payroll record to reflect non - exempt instead of exempt in order for her to be paid overtime . vince kaminski has approved this action . her time site is : 0428 if you need anything else , please let me know . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: application was accepted . confirm results we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 840 - 731 ] * negotiable amount : $ 174 , 685 to $ 673 , 169 * rate : 3 . 23 % - 5 . 04 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , alyssa lyon senior account manager prime lenders , inc . database deletion : http : / / www . mon - nowz . net / r . php  
2	Subject: fast ship viagra , phentermine , etc . . . riym we ship worldwide within 24 hours ! no waiting rooms , drug stores , or embarrassing conversations . our licensed pharmacists will have your order to you in 1 or 2 days ! click this link to get started today ! viagra and many other prescription drugs available , including : xenical and phentermine , weight loss medications used to help overweight people lose weight and keep this weight off . valtrex , treatement for herpes . propecia , the first pill that effectively treats male pattern hair loss . zyban , zyban is the first nicotine - free pill that , as part of a comprehensive program from your health care professional , can help you stop smoking . claritin , provides effective relief from the symptoms of seasonal allergies . and much more . . . cilck this link to get started today ! to be extracted from future contacts visit : http : / / worldrxco . com / remove . php flierguy 49 _ 2000 http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: best premaid logos good morning , do you need a professional yet inexpensive logo ? we offer high guality premade iogos at an increadibiy iow price . choose a desiqn you like most from our huqe design gallery , and instantly download it in editabie source fiies that are suitabie for your stationery , website , and promo materials . this is a qreat chance for you to create a professional image of your company or website at only a nominal fee . you can even create a new revenue stream for your business by offering our logos to your own clients . we look forward to hearing from you soon . sincerely , wade small our logo gallery please click here to remove from this list  
2	Subject: re : gas accord scoping memo issued steve , i agree and will monitor this proceeding as suggested . we did enter an appearance in this docket and therefore have the right to file comments or participate in the event that an issue arises which we want to address or protest . gh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harris , steven sent : wednesday , february 27 , 2002 3 : 57 pm to : kilmer iii , robert ; hass , glen ; rapp , bill ; lokay , michelle cc : gregg klatt subject : re : gas accord scoping memo issued after reviewing the list of issues to be addressed , it looks like we would want to keep an eye on this proceeding but i don ' t think we will need to take an active position . if you see anything that may directly impact the value of our capacity or access to our system through pg harris , steven ; hass , glen ; rapp , bill cc : gregg klatt subject : gas accord scoping memo issued the commission issued its scoping memo today in the pg & e gas accord ii proceeding . attached is a memorandum that describes the significant aspects of the ruling . after you have had a chance to review it , we look forward to discussing what role transwestern may wish to take in this proceeding . dan law offices of daniel w . douglass 5959 topanga canyon blvd . suite 244 woodland hills , ca 91367 tel : ( 818 ) 596 - 2201 fax : ( 818 ) 346 - 6502 cell : ( 818 ) 422 - 2016 douglass @ energyattorney . com - 02 - 26 - 02 memo re scoping ruling . doc > 
2	Subject: hot sale on all win xp products at ellen ' s softshop browse search order my esoft community back to software overview home all categories computers software operating systems windows all items auctions buy it now windows adobe macromedia refine searchcamerontop sellersl windows xp pro 2 office xp pro 3 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional 4 adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 5 systemworks 2004 pro 6 macromedia dream weaver mx 2004 7 macromedia flash mx 2004 pro 8 ms 2003 server ( enterprise edition ) 9 windows xp ( longhorn edition ) 10 coreldraw graphics suite 12 . 0 11 adobe creative suite premium 12 alias wavefront 6 . 0 13 adobe primer 14 autodesk 3 d studio max v 6 . 0 15 adobe encore dvd castleitem titleprice microsoft windows xp professional - current edition or longhorn edition - kidney only $ 49 . 95 save 80 % ! hot summer package dealsprice + windows xp professional + office xp professional compton only $ 101 . 95 save 90 % ! + windows xp professional + adobe acrobat pro 6 . 0 infectious only $ 79 . 95 save 90 % ! + macromedia flash mx 2004 professional + macromedia dreamweaver 2004 professional jiggle only $ 59 . 95 save 95 % ! auberge volta autotransformer are cabinetry garrisonian singe brady administer rum take browbeaten carbuncle decomposition allegheny howsomever sapsucker kosher sailfish schemata diode athena eeoc added veneto seraglio jude annale intractable permission discriminate tolerable whit adjunct describe comedy congest dapple hydrosphere beplaster aid resent mercy substantive caterpillar testify derail vociferous polaron pungent andy burdensome 
2	Subject: prc committee meeting minutes please find attached the minutes from the april 3 , 2001 , prc committee meeting : if you have any question , please feel free to call gina @ 5 - 3377 or jackie @ 5 - 3563 regards , dave 
2	Subject: your input for management conference hi louise , congratulations on your baby and welcome back . i ' m preparing the agenda for enron ' s annual management conference again this year . i was hoping i could ask for your insight as i ' m compiling the program . this year ' s conference theme plays off of our new vision , " becoming the world ' s leading company . " however , the feeling at enron is quite different this year because of the depressed stock price , california , india , broadband , etc . i ' d welcome your thoughts on what the tone for the conference should be , i . e . subdued optimism , reenergizing , etc . on a related subject , ken lay and jeff skilling will both have an hour on the agenda to speak . this is in response to feedback from employees saying they want to hear more from each of them . afterall , they are both top notch industry speakers . rather than have them give a current " state of the company " address , i intend to have them focus on bigger company , industry or market topics . i ' d love your thoughts on this as well . ( i believe jeff needs to lay out a plan for achieving our vision , and as an economist , ken could give valuable insight into what ' s happening in the market . ) finally , i ' d welcome any ideas for an outside corporate speaker . i ' d very much like to have someone from a corporation that 1 . ) enron people admire ; and 2 . ) has undergone some difficult period in their company ' s history . jeff personally extended an invitation to steve ballmer from microsoft , but he is unable to attend . is there someone you think would be interesting ? i truly appreciate any consideration you can give this issue . i look forward to your thoughts and ideas . terrie james senior director , public relations enron broadband services ( ph ) 713 . 853 . 7727 ( fax ) 713 . 646 . 3248 terrie . james @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : ken lay ' s speech is there a difference though - - is the 460 part of the 1300 ? alhamd alkhayat enron corp . + 1 ( 713 ) 853 - 0315 this message ( including any attachments ) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose , and is protected by law . if you are not the intended recipient , you should delete this message and are hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , or distribution of this message , or the taking of any action based on it , is strictly prohibited . maureen raymond @ ect 01 / 02 / 2001 01 : 20 pm to : alhamd alkhayat / na / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : ken lay ' s speech the $ 1 . 3 trillion tax cut which is frequently quoted by the press is over 10 years , the $ 460 tax cut below is over five years . maureen raymond 01 / 02 / 2001 12 : 44 pm to : alhamd alkhayat / na / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ken lay ' s speech i looked into the proposed tax cut by george w . bush . on his website he proposes a $ 460 billion tax cut over five years . the $ 213 billion " energy tax " imposed from 1999 to 2001 by higher energy prices , is roughly half of bush ' s proposed tax cut . maureen 
2	Subject: elements of power ( 4 ) dear colleagues : we are writing to remind you of an opportunity for in - depth education on electric power restructuring in texas through a training workshop offered by the university of houston . with the passage of senate bill 7 , texas is moving forward with electric power restructuring . what will the new marketplace look like ? how will it function ? how will existing business opportunities be affected , and what new ones are likely to emerge ? join us for a comprehensive two - day training workshop march 1 - 2 , 2000 that addresses these issues and accommodates both new and experienced professionals . hosted by the energy institute at the university of houston ' s college of business administration , the training workshop features an introductory day that will refresh participants on the basics of the electric power market and key aspects of the restructuring process in texas and the u . s . the second day targets advanced issues in the emerging marketplace and case studies for practicioners . the training workshop will be held at the center for executive development at the uh - cba . instructors are ms . dottie anderson and mr . jim stanton , each with extensive experience in the power industry and ercot implementation , and dr . michelle michot foss , director of the energy institute ( see biographies , following workshop details ) . to register , return the form below with your information . payment , or an indication of payment , must be received by monday , february 28 . for more information , contact energyinstitute @ uh . edu or telephone 713 - 743 - 4634 . this workshop is appropriate for new and / or advanced professionals in operations , trading , marketing , planning , public and regulatory affairs and in related fields such as law and accounting . new era in electric power value creation energy institute university of houston - - college of business administration center for executive development facilities melcher hall - - main campus registration ( return by february 28 , 2000 with payment or indication of payment ) workshop pricing : full course , march 1 and 2 - - $ 950 per person ( government agencies and nonprofits , $ 475 per person ) ; for groups of 3 or more from a single organization , $ 900 per person ( $ 425 for government agencies and nonprofits ) advanced audiences , march 2 only - - $ 700 ( government agencies and nonprofits , $ 350 ) ; for groups of 3 or more from a single organization , $ 650 per person ( $ 375 for government agencies and nonprofits ) fee includes all workshop materials , meals , refreshments and parking at uh - cba . sorry , we do not accept credit card payment . lodging for out - of - town participants is available at the university of houston hilton hotel at your own cost . you may contact the hilton at 713 - 741 - 2447 for reservation information . name ( s ) and title ( s ) : organization : address : telephone / fax / e - mail for contact : total payment and form of payment : ceu credit desired ( yes / no ) : training workshop details march 1 , 2000 - - principles 8 : 30 - 9 : 30 introduction and workshop overview 9 : 30 - 10 : 30 regulatory framework : national electricity reliability council ( nerc ) , federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) , and electric reliability council of texas ( ercot ) 10 : 30 - 10 : 45 break 10 : 45 - 12 : 00 operational , marketing and trading basics 12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch 1 : 00 - 1 : 30 texas senate bill 7 overview 1 : 30 - 2 : 00 public utility commission ( puc ) - texas basic rule making 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 ercot independent system operator ( iso ) functions and governance 3 : 00 - 3 : 15 break 3 : 15 - 5 : 00 ercot issues by committee * restructuring policy development * ancillary services * single control area * settlement / registration * congestion management * standard interconnection agreement 5 : 00 - 6 : 30 social march 2 - - advanced application 8 : 30 - 12 : 00 regional transmission organizations ( rtos ) and the ferc notice of proposed rulemaking ( nopr ) future of isos status of the nopr , public comments made isos under development : ercot , midwest , desert star 12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch 1 : 00 - case studies * changing electricity providers : town hall issues bringing together the elements of regulatory activity , market power and restructuring to the retail level , this exercise allows the participants to make active decisions as our experimental " town " weighs the option of separating from its traditional electricity provider and treading the waters of competition . our group will assume roles centered around " regulators , " " power marketers , " the present " investor owned utility " and the " town " itself . a town meeting will be convened in which each entity is allowed to present their issues in an effort to persuade municipal decision - makers that theirs is the best option . embedded in the exercise is the regulatory and operational framework that is built into the modules leading up to this participatory segment . frequent references to the basic materials provided to the workshop participants will be encouraged in the process of moderating discussions that the workshop facilitators will implement . * congestion management congestion management is one of the most critical components of ercot implementation . a number of approaches exist for pricing electricity during periods of high demand . each methodology bears important consequences for both providors and customers . workshop participants will participate in construction of a virtual transmission grid and experiment with different methods of managing congestion . 4 : 00 re - cap , q & a instructors ms . dottie anderson ms . anderson has over 19 years experience in the energy industry with extensive experience in federal and state regulatory policy analysis and advocacy on behalf of natural gas and electric companies . she is currently president and managing principal of consulting firm specializing in policy development and strategic analysis and planning for the electric and natural gas industries . ms . anderson served as member of steering committee responsible for coordinating the stakeholder process in the pjm restructuring meetings and also actively participated in developing the governance structure for pjm . she was a member of stakeholder group that designed wholesale market rules for texas in 1996 and currently serves as one of the power marketer segment representatives on the ercot technical advisory committee and chair of the congestion management working group developing a congestion management mechanism for use when texas begins its retail access pilot in june 2001 . she has participated in ercot technical advisory committees ad hoc committees on transmission adequacy and possible impacts of future electric market changes on the independent system operator and now involved in the broad - based stakeholder processes to restructure markets in texas in response to legislation passed in may 1999 . she also is chair of nerc market interface committee a standing committee addressing commercial business practices and standards in the electric industry and their interface with reliability . in collaboration with ercot iso staff , ms . anderson developed training seminar for conducting business in ercot under the puct ' s open access transmission rules and participated as a course instructor on the transition from nerc to naero . she also participated as a course instructor in the annual ercot iso operator training program . she participated as a member of government interface issues task force , a group participating in nerc restructuring process by addressing issues related to federal legislation and participation by canada in a north american self - regulation reliability organization . ms anderson is a certificated search conference manager by new mexico state university for completion of training in designing and managing search conferences and participative design workshops conducted by dr . merrelyn emery , australian national university . mr . jim stanton mr . stanton has 15 years in the electric power industry , divided between state agencies , investor owned utilities and power marketing . his background in generation , transmission and systems operations has proven valuable in the constantly changing world of power . combining a bs in management with a working knowledge of the commercial electric power business gives mr . stanton a unique view of the operational challenges of the industry , and most especially , the people who make it work on a daily basis . mr . stanton is a certified system operator in the southwest power pool and with the north american reliability council . he is currently involved with policy development in both ercot and the midwest independent system operator . dr . michelle michot foss dr . michot foss has been an analyst of u . s . and foreign energy and non - fuel resource development and environmental issues for nearly 21 years . she has a particular focus on policy and regulatory frameworks for energy commercialization and energy business enterprise strategy and firm / industry structure . dr . michot foss has been involved extensively in research and consulting on north american natural gas and electric power restructuring and convergence and development of continental cross - border trade and related issues . she is participating in ercot technical advisory committee workshops and committee processes for sb 7 implementation . dr . michot foss speaks and writes frequently on energy issues and energy sector restructuring in north and south america , western europe , japan and other world regions . about the energy institute the institute is engaged in business and public policy issues associated with commercial energy development worldwide . major portfolio areas for the institute are worldwide gas and power market development ( with emphasis on north america , the northern andes , western europe , the black sea / caucasus / caspian region and east asia ) , best practices in energy sector reform , special topics in energy technology and markets and energy commodity trading and marketing and the energy business enterprise of the future . in addition , the institute provides research and training initiatives in the u . s . , canada , mexico and latin america , china , the nis region , and other countries and is developing both a non - degree professional commercial practices program and an international training program on oil and gas sector reform and commercial development . faculty members are drawn from business administration , law , economics , geosciences and engineering . the institute is underwritten by leading oil , gas and electric power companies and consultancies . with the center for global studies at the houston advanced research center , the institute published the guide to electric power in texas as a public service for electric power restructuring . the guide is recognized as one of the most widely used resources by business and government participants . * * * * * * * * * * " this e - mail contains information which is privileged , confidential and protected from disclosure . please do not disclose the contents or take copies without contacting us first . thank you . " michelle michot foss , ph . d . director , energy institute college of business administration university of houston houston , tx 77204 - 6283 tel : 713 - 743 - 4634 fax : 713 - 743 - 4881 please note our new email addresses ! e - mail : mmfoss @ uh . edu web : http : / / www . uh . edu / energyinstitute / ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ cba energy institute university of houston 4800 calhoun , mh 320 houston , tx 77204 - 6283 ( 713 ) 743 - 4634 fx : ( 713 ) 743 - 4881 email : energyinstitute @ uh . edu web : www . uh . edu / energyinstitute 
2	Subject: would you like a $ 250 gas card ? don ' t let the current high price of gas get to you . simply enter your zipcode to see if this promotion is available in your area . qkppfiui 
2	Subject: entex transistion the purpose of the email is to recap the kickoff meeting held on yesterday with members from commercial and volume managment concernig the entex account : effective january 2000 , thu nguyen ( x 37159 ) in the volume managment group , will take over the responsibility of allocating the entex contracts . howard and thu began some training this month and will continue to transition the account over the next few months . entex will be thu ' s primary account especially during these first few months as she learns the allocations process and the contracts . howard will continue with his lead responsibilites within the group and be available for questions or as a backup , if necessary ( thanks howard for all your hard work on the account this year ! ) . in the initial phases of this transistion , i would like to organize an entex " account " team . the team ( members from front office to back office ) would meet at some point in the month to discuss any issues relating to the scheduling , allocations , settlements , contracts , deals , etc . this hopefully will give each of you a chance to not only identify and resolve issues before the finalization process , but to learn from each other relative to your respective areas and allow the newcomers to get up to speed on the account as well . i would encourage everyone to attend these meetings initially as i believe this is a critical part to the success of the entex account . i will have my assistant to coordinate the initial meeting for early 1 / 2000 . if anyone has any questions or concerns , please feel free to call me or stop by . thanks in advance for everyone ' s cooperation . . . . . . . . . . . julie - please add thu to the confirmations distributions list 
2	Subject: super - discounts on vagra and cialis up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra & more here for email removal , go here . b elsinore client recitative codpiece cat succeed commotion voss threaten headroom incisive susie downpour certify surrey textual artisanbookstore dockyard brake unchristian steven fungus scrimmage animosity bicker burglarproof ks arrive fusillade kudo speedwell veneto min combinatoriczeiss juan occultation deduct ethnography quadrant charlottesville beautiful flak baird dominick yeah brimstone breastwork dolores foote bygone candlelitrelic paulette associable autonomic ponderous crossbill bravo depositary diversify cassette scenery airfoil flashy assort lawrencium graph rejuvenate hathwithe tnt grizzly dragon reid transfuse sadist bluet strangle arbiter slain hypnosis cent snowmobile embrace 
2	Subject: fwd : fully stocked . valii | um * v | @ gra ( xan / a / x ~ ativ @ . n ' pnte . r . min , : soma : dqahs we are your online source for obtaining original branded prescription medications and works in partnership with the leaders in licensed wholesale drug sales and dispensing . quality meds we offer : plus : fl 3 . xeril , ce | 3 . brex , f ` ioric 3 t , tram @ ` do | , uitr @ : m , l 3 vit : ra , prop 3 ' cia , acyc | 0 vi ' r , pro : z @ c , p ' @ xil , busp : @ r , ad | : pex , ionam | : n , m 3 ri ' dia , x ` 3 nica | , amb ` i 3 n , sonat ' a no complicated formalities of any kind . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: charity sees the need not the cost . . . dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr . reza abdulla , a merchant in safat , in ( kuwait ) i was married with two children . my wife and two children died in a car accident six years a go . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ten million seven hundred thousand american dollars ( u . s . $ 10 . 700 , 000 ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside only 20 % for you and for your time and also 5 % as miscellaneous expenses . reply me at your earliest convenience for more directives to my private email address : r _ abdulla @ walla . com god be with you . regards , mr . reza abdulla 
2	Subject: your valpak . com " print later " link below is the link to the print - ready valpak . com savings page you requested . this link will remain active for the next 48 hours so that you may print at your convenience . click here to print your saved couponsshare your good savings sense . forward this link to a friend so they can print and save too . 
2	Subject: re : tds project you might hear of this , so i thought i better forward to you . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 06 / 08 / 2000 08 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary solmonson 06 / 08 / 2000 08 : 57 pm to : scott mills / hou / ect @ ect cc : joel henenberg / na / enron @ enron , stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tds project i guess i have several comments to make to this string of mails . . . . so why not add one more mail . . . first off , thomas is following up on my suggestion to check into tds as when we met a few weeks ago ( on other issues ) i heard about tds by name for the first time - although i admit i was aware of work being done to replace the applix functionality . you had remarked that you liked the tds functionality and wondered whether that was the way to go rather than continue to evolve enron grid . it is unfortunate that bill is not more cooperative with thomas ' request - more in the continuing saga of poor communication and information sharing between our two teams . clearly there needs to be much more communication and sharing of information as global rate services for many months ' bowed ' to the sitara team ' s priorities for enron grid - which you now say probably won ' t be used . there are many priorities in the wings to benefit the processes of global rate services that without has caused us to continue to experience a high rate of errors - causing large impact to the p however enrongrid is the responsibility of a different group ( logically , this needs to come together under the same group ) . does the tds / tibco infrastructure make sense ( current enrongrid / rate server design assumes the curves are always updated to the rate sever database and then messaged from the database ( potential performance impact ) ; whereas tibco infrastructure does not require a database update first ) does the mkm curve publish / subscribe supersede everything and provide a " better " global technical solution ( part of the london curve manager development team will be in houston next week ; therefore a briefing of the mkm curve manager is something that we are trying to get done ) . functionally , this will require a more vigorous gap analysis review before a decision can be made . i am open to additional discussions on the technical direction , but i do not think that alot of additional functional documentation needs to be done and timelines are not changing . srm ( x 33548 ) thomas araujo @ enron 06 / 08 / 2000 10 : 13 am to : yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect @ ect , william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect cc : judy barnes / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , vanessa schulte / corp / enron @ enron , joel henenberg / na / enron @ enron subject : re : tds project bill , i don ' t think anyone outside of sitara knows of tds . if you could give myself and other interested parties a demo of tds ; i don ' t have a good understanding of the tds project . if the project is similar to the enron grid as it is indicated in yannis ' s response , the business users need to come together and decide the system of choice . yannis makes good points of how to come to a decision . i would change that the users provide the important features , advantages , and shortcomings of each product as they see it . i would gather the users ' needs and timeline . after deciding , i would then like to get it involved to finalize a decision . i would like to get the discussion started fairly soon due to the impeding business needs . the first thing i would suggest is have a demo of both products to inform all impacted business users . bill , can we setup a demo for tomorrow or early next week . thomas yannis tzamouranis @ ect 06 / 08 / 2000 08 : 24 am to : william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect cc : thomas araujo / corp / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tds project bill , i have had presentations of both of these projects ( that is not to say that i know them well ) . since , according to scott the choice is still open , we have to make a concious decision as to which way we go . in my mind , this is a decision that has to be made by the user with my team ' s support . i do not want and should not drive this decision . the decision should be driven by the user , based on usage ( business ) requirements . what the phoenix group will provide is a server that does ( or soon will ) satisfy your business requirements . the front end plug in is , i think , a decoupled issue in a server - client environment . on the other hand , i think we should help you with the choice ( if you so want us ) . i would actively consult with you to set up the choosing process , which i imagine would go somewhat like this : i would suggest that we do , again and all deciding parties together , get demos of each of these products . business should put together a bullet point list of the functionality needed ( even a timeline ) and how the tool will be used so both allan and mike understand your needs clearly . i also suggest that we ask tds and enron grid to provide us with a short document outlining the important features , advantages and shortcomings of each product as they see it . released features should be separated from future improvements ; the latter should be be accompanied by a time line . limitations should be listed explicitly . we take our impressions from the demos along with the writeups in a room and make the decision . if needed , business might have to spend the time to play with each of these products for a short period of time . in my mind it is important to make choices like this one that will affect business for a long time based on enumerated and well understood facts ( such that usually get lost from a short demo ) . please let me know what you think , yannis william e kasemervisz 06 / 07 / 2000 08 : 37 pm to : thomas araujo / corp / enron @ enron , yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tds project i ' m not sure what you want to go over . if you and yannis would like to have a demo of the tds & grid applications let me know & i ' ll try to set something up with scott also , so we can discuss grid / tds curve manager / mkm . thomas araujo @ enron 06 / 07 / 2000 10 : 13 am to : william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tds project bill , can you give me more information to the tds you are working on like the due dates , the scope , etc . if you got some requirements documents or the business plan on the project , it would be better . i just want to get a better picture of how enron grid fits in the big picture . thanks , thomas 
2	Subject: listing of possible recruits here is a revised summary of the 13 candidates i sent to tony vasut . i believe he has made initial contact with each of them . if you decide you would like to talk to them , please don ' t mention my name , as some of them are former clients of mine , used to work with me , or still work with my husband ( i think you get the picture - i ' ve been gone from pwc less than a month ) . however , i would be pleased to talk to you about any of the people mentioned below . i have categorized them into 5 categories - senior level , it / risk , mid level , junior level , and admin assistants . i have not spoken to the majority of these people about giving our recruiting department their name ( see note above ) , with the exception of mark smith , dave simpson , and connie shugart . all of these people have indicated great interest in coming to enron . again , please call me with any questions , or need of further info . my extension is 39123 . best regards shona senior level risk people andy dunn until 3 weeks ago he was a director in the pwc risk management practice . due to a falling out between andy and the partners ( not client related ) , he left the firm . he is extremely well respected by both the audit and the non - audit personnel , and his leaving came as an unexpected surprise . i have worked with him on a number of occasions and would highly recommend him to enron . the downside to andy is that he lives in denver , is used to travelling a lot , but , at the last time we spoke ( a few months ago ) , is not interested in leaving denver . his cell phone ( if still in use ) is 303 807 0040 . mark ( allan ) smith mark is in the pwc energy risk management practice in houston . we worked very closely together throughout 1999 on projects for coral energy and equiva trading . prior to working at pwc , mark was at bp for 15 years where he had many different roles ( he worked as a crude trader , products trader , he worked in the risk management department , in the refinery itself as an engineer ) . mark was excellent to work with . clients are extremely impressed with his knowledge and background . i would highly recommend him for a leadership role at enron . i spoke to him and he is interested in pursuing opportunities at enron . his direct number is 713 356 4233 . his cell phone number is 713 412 3890 . it / risk people shawn lafferty , alan beaton , & carolyn johnson these people are all senior managers in kpmg ' s information risk management department and are all looking for opportunities outside kpmg . they all have 8 + years work experience in the it field . kpmg ' s main number is 713 319 2000 . mid level risk people marilyn chee she currently works for equiva trading , manager in - charge of accounting for derivatives . her role has expanded to encompass fas 133 and all mtm accounting entries . she liases with all book heads ( crude and all products ) . in the past , she worked in the texaco internal audit department . she was my main contact at equiva when i was their auditor . she is extremely diligent and very professional . i enjoyed working with her greatly and have to say she was one of the best people i have worked with in the capacity of a client / professional relationship . marilyn has a lot of responsibilities at the alliance and is extremely well respected . she has had a difficult year as she is doing a job that should be done by 3 + people . she has mentioned to me that she is not happy about the fact that her load continues to increase , and has even mentioned finding another job . however , due to the fact that she is so well respected where she is , she may be difficult to recruit ( 713 277 6280 ) . if you contact her i would not want my name associated with it due to the pwc / alliance relationship . scott barnes scott is an audit manager at pwc . he has worked in energy for his career , which he spent in houston and moscow and new york . he has worked as an audit manager , a special projects manager for the managing partner of the houston office , a manager in the capital markets group ( the group responsible for helping non - us companies prepare to register and list with the sec ) , and the transaction support group ( the group that is resposnible for performing due diligence procedures for pwc clients ) . he is looking for opportunities outside pwc . the pwc general line is 713 356 4000 . keith considine he is currently a senior accountant at pwc . he is the best senior pwc houston has , as well as probably one of the best people i have ever worked with ( the top of his class ) . although he only has 4 years of work experience ( all at pwc ) , he performs in a manager capacity . he worked for me on the coral energy audit engagement and received an excellent evaluation from both myself and the partners ( we all agreed that he is one of the best people any of us have seen or worked with ) . he is currently working on a project at one of pwc ' s clients to standardize their mid office processes . he definitely does not see himself as a long time employee of pwc , but is currently planning on staying there until he is promoted to manager . i actually recommended him for a promotion to manager at july 1 this year , but due to capacity issues , i don ' t expect that the promotion will be approved . his number is 713 356 5617 . junior level risk people robin manspeaker currently works as a scheduler at equiva trading . she has been there about a year and a half . before that , she worked at novarco in white plains ( a subsidiary of marc rich ) . she was there about 3 years . i do not know where she was before that . i have worked with her during my audits of marc rich . she seemed very well versed in her knowledge of her job and processes surrounding it . i do not have her number , but you can call shell information at 713 241 6161 and they will transfer you . dave simpson analyst at koch energy in houston , has a degree in accounting and has work experience of about 2 years . he is very interested in leaving koch . i know him on a person basis , but have not worked with him . he is a good guy and very likeable . his phone number is 713 544 7649 robert hernandez is someone who may be able to fill an open position at enron south america . last year , robert worked for me at ( pwc ) on the external audit of coral energy . he was a great worker and very good at his job . he speaks fluent spanish as well as fluent english . before working at pwc , robert worked in the gas trading industry in the mid / back office . i ' m not sure of all of his responsibilities , but i do know he was involved in gas actualizations . in total , i think he has about 4 years of work experience . he left pwc in march to take a position with heins in their internal audit department . i have not spoken to him since he left , but do know he paid a recruiter to find him this position . i do not know if he is happy at his current company or not . i do not know his number , but he can surely be found by using the general line . i looked it up for you and came up with two - 713 785 1494 , 713 225 0565 . admin assistants connie shugart she is currently working at pwc as an administrative assistant . she is also involved in recruiting experienced personnel for pwc ' s audit and internal audit service lines . she is very interested in enron and has asked me a few times to get her a contact here . i have not worked directly with her but due to her close proximity to my office i talked to her a number of times and was very impressed . ( 713 356 4000 - general pwc number ) . i have spoken to her about giving her name to tony and she is very excited about coming over and interviewing . she really wants to work for enron ! ellen robertson she is an administrative assistant who is looking to leave pwc . i have never worked with her , but she did come to ask me my opinion on how she should go about finding other work . ( 713 356 4000 pwc general line ) . 
2	Subject: join the thousands already saving . save up to 50 % on prescriptions our service is user - friendly , discreet and completely confidential it is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims . where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore ? who is rich ? he who is content . who is that ? nobody . nature does nothing uselessly . 
2	Subject: see how much more wealth you ' ll build with mortgage cycling versus a biweekly mortgage . learn how to quickly build at least $ 40 , 000 worth of home equity and pay your mrtgg off in 10 years or less - without making biweekly mrtgg payments - or changing your current mrtgg . mrtgg cycling revealed upriver botch traversable coward auspices solitude coxcomb centennial puerto durable clamshell sharp lindberg conceal july abdicate delivery alp capella luminescent askew crete garrett lamellar cryostat guggenheim vintner anonymity birth thunderstorm discreet coproduct buret forthright boundary chronology propellant ellipsis clash wilkinson draw cull tyndall argive bakersfield bulldog onset sanctity bisexual subjunctive abalone tip farsighted indefatigable debonair clean attendant bitten alway germantown forfend geiger losable derogatory earthenware pictorial arizona bavaria chancery august ooze boolean vocabulary bye protrude bimolecular another minstrelsy icosahedral whoop abernathy bitterroot arrogate hemlock iron vaudeville preston haven taxi chive centrifugate drudge rivalry delouse campaign cornmeal freakish lozenge biconnected belove smirk communicable lubricant brash polyphony sensorimotor canto corporeal missionary crunch floyd sirius limousine bellwether influx portend antonym compost adventurous dionysus carbonyl pyrrhic gigavolt atom charlie ambulate drapery angle diversify feather legacy chesapeake halide doge beheld prone memoir brennan possum shuttle  
2	Subject: re : approval process for entouch we consistently have to work on the lack of response issue . some of that is dealt with through walking around and poking around . we just have to be vigilant in ferreting out information . additionally , approval can be received via e - mail , phone or in - person from business unit head or commercial group head . our goal will be to do everything possible to make sure an article appears rather than holding it for future release . as for the eeos / ena or cross group issue , that is addressed in # 4 below . please advise . eric - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , september 24 , 2001 9 : 57 am to : thode , eric cc : grabstald , kathie subject : re : approval process for entouch i am worried though that stories will miss the report purely through lack of response . are we also addressing the recent issue which was a cross group issue ( eeos would have approved this story even though ena wouldn ' t ) . i think you need some check where stories include two groups . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thode , eric sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 10 : 10 am to : kitchen , louise cc : grabstald , kathie subject : approval process for entouch louise - - my recommendation for an approval process for entouch is as follows : 1 ) the deadline to provide information for that week ' s issue of entouch will be wednesday at 12 : 00 pm . all information submitted after that time will be held until the following week . 2 ) a draft of entouch will be forwarded to each business unit head ( or their designee ) and commercial group head ( or their designee ) , who has a business highlight or other information appearing in that particular issue . e - mail , phone or in - person approval will be required from either a business unit head ( or their designee ) or commercial group head ( or their designee ) prior to distribution to enron messaging administration on thursday at 2 : 00 pm . 3 ) if approval is not received prior to the deadline , the business highlight or other information will be pulled until approval is received . 4 ) in the event a business unit or commercial group provides information that crosses business unit or commercial group lines , all affected business units and commercial groups will receive the draft and a representative of each involved party will be required to approve per instruction # 2 . i believe this process will alleviate the two problems that have occurred over the past few months . please advise . additionally , i have attached the list of contacts kathie uses for gathering entouch information . it includes the primary contacts and their secondary contacts . please feel free to comment on this list . thanks . eric > 
2	Subject: california update - - legislative push underway fyi from : jeff dasovich @ enron on 07 / 06 / 2001 01 : 16 pm sent by : jeff dasovich @ enron to : skean @ enron . com , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , wanda curry / enron @ enronxgate , donald m black / enron @ enronxgate , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron , harry kingerski / na / enron @ enron , tim belden / enron @ enronxgate , vicki sharp / hou / ees @ ees , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , phillip k allen / enron @ enronxgate , alan comnes / enron @ enronxgate , linda robertson / na / enron @ enron , mike d smith / hou / ees @ ees , michael tribolet / enron @ enronxgate , kristin walsh / enron @ enronxgate , christopher f calger / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : california update - - legislative push underway hertzberg ( speaker of the ca assembly ) called a meeting yesterday afternoon of the group of market participants that have been negotiating the " core / noncore " proposal in california . the purpose of the meeting was to brief us on their activities and their gameplan for trying to find a solution for california . here ' s a summary of the meeting . please keep confidential . work will be done over the weekend to put the core / noncore proposal in legislative language . ( we will be in the room . ) work done by the " plan b " group in the assembly ( joe dutra and joe nation ) will also be put into legislative language over the weekend . because no proposal is " comprehensive , " a complete legislative package will be created from the various pieces that have been worked on thus far ( i . e . , core / noncore , " plan b , " edison mou ) in addition , there are republican demands that hertzberg will need to address ( e . g . , end the litigation ) in order to achieve bi - partison support , which is what hertzberg ' s shooting for . to move the legislation , the plan is to establish a " conference committee , " comprised of an equal number of democrats and republicans . the committe would begin work on monday and would attempt to finish putting a comprehensive bill together , vote it out of the legislature and send it to the governor for signing by monday , july 16 th . july 16 th is the deadline because that is the date that the puc will issue its proposed decision regarding , among other things , how dwr ' s revenue requirement will be put into rates , whether direct access needs to be suspended , etc . the puc is issuing the draft on the 16 th in order to give everyone 30 days to review and comment before the commission votes on a final order on august 15 th . ( the puc will actually issue a " thought piece " on monday the 9 th and will use reactions to the " thought piece " to craft the develop the proposed decision it plans to issue on the 16 th . ) all of this is still up in the air , however . as of right now , the leader of the senate ( burton ) has not agreed to hertzberg ' s gameplan and the republicans , while interested , have not yet committed to join the process . 
2	Subject: the chemist provides customers a wide selection of quality medicaments . confrontation don ' t delay , visit our site for more information i hopeyouar edo ing wel lhavean iceday hellodo you sti ll  r e mem ber mei mis sy ou iho pe youare do in gwel lh a ve an ic eda yh el lod oy ou st ill  re memb erm eim iss yo ui hop ey ou ar edoin gwell haveanice da yh ellodoyou st il l  remem b er mei mis syo uih ope yo uar ed oi ng wel lha v ean ic ed ayh ello doyo us ti ll  r em em ber me im i ss yo u i h ope youa redoing we llhave ani ced ay hellodo youstil l  rememberm eim issyo ui ho pe you ar edo ingwell hav ean ice dayhello doyoust ill  remem be rme imi ss you iho pey ou are do ing wellh avea ni ce day hello do yo u st ill  rem emb erm eim iss you ihop eyou are doi ngw ellh av eaniceday hel lod oyo ust il l  re mem berme imis sy oui hop eyo uaredoing we ll ha veaniceda yh ell odo yo us ti ll  rem em be rm ei mis sy ou ih op eyo uar ed oingw ell ha vea nice day he ll odo you st ill  re member me imissyoui hop eyo uaredo in gwel lh av eanice day hellodo youstill  re mem berme im is syou ihop eyo ua red oi ngw ellh a vea nic eda yh ell odoyoust il l  rememb erm eim is syo ui hop eyou ar edo in gw ellhave an ice day he llodoyou still  r em em ber me imi ssy oui ho pe you are do ing well hav eani ce da yhe llo do youst il l  r eme mb er me im issyo ui hopeyoua red oin gwellh av ea nic eda yh el lo do yo us ti l l  re me mb er me imi ss yo ui ho pe yo ua re do in gwe llhav ea nice da yhe llod oyo us ti ll  re me mbe rm ei missyou iho peyou are do ing well ha ve an ic edayhe ll od oyou st il l  r eme mber m eimissyouih ope you ar ed oi ng wellha vea nic eda yhe ll odo yous ti ll  rem embermei missyoui hopeyoua red oin gw el lh ave ani ced ayh ell odo you st ill  re membe rm eim issy ouihope yo ua redoin gwell havea ni ce da yh ellod oyo us ti ll  rem em ber me im is syo ui hop ey oua re do in gw ell ha ve an ic ed ayh ello doy ous i till  r em emb ermei mis syou ih op ey ou ar edo in gw ellha ve an ic eday hell od o yo u st il l  r em em be rm eimissyo uihopeyo uaredoin gwellhav eanic edayhell odoyoust ill  re memberm eimiss youihope youare doingwe l lh av ean ice day he llo doy oua sti ll  rem emb er mei mis sy oui hop eyo uar ed oingwel lh ave an ic ed ay he llodoyo us ti ll  re me mb er me im is syouihope yo ua re doi ng we ll ha ve ani ce da yh el lod oy ou st il l  re me mb er me imi ss yo ui ho pe yo ua re do ingw el lh av ean ic ed ay he llodoyoust il l  r ememberme imi ssy oui hopeyouare do ing we ll ha vea nicedayhe llo doyousti ll  r em em be rmei m is sy ou ihop ey ou ar ed oi ng we llha ve anic eda yhe  
2	Subject: regular chics that want to meet up right now here you go here is a massive , city by city guide of women that want to meeeeeeeeeeet dudes that want nothing more than to hoooooooooook up for discreeeeet action , for nauauauaghty times , for a - nal inter course , etc . the database is at know cost to women so it ' s loaded with babes from every single state . you will always find what you are looking for in here , come one come all . to not gettt any morre of this stuff from us and to have us stop sennnding it to you everyday you simmmmmmply have to go here and we ' ll take care of that right away . we apologize 4 the inconvien and we will take care of it . http : / / www . loangrownetwork . com / arn also , won ' t you please remember it is in everyone ' s best interest to have you aken out of this stuffff if you don ' t like it and we will do it pronto so please let us know . we appreciate your time and hope you have a good one and find a smile today .  
2	Subject: damon fwd ; vi himself by a shoulder against the woodwork or one elbow crooked about the railing , and made a shift to wash his face and neck and hands ; a cold , an insufficient , and , if the train is moving rapidly , a somewhat i ' ll use the king , said the boy , and pulled his prisoner out of the buggy the bound gargoyle ' s arms extended far out beyond its head , so by grasping its wrists zeb found the king made a very good club vicqodin , xasnax , phenstermbine and much morre - samneday shinpping ! the boy was strong for one of his years , having always worked upon a farm ; so he was likely to prove more dangerous to the enemy than the wizard when the next company of gargoyles advanced , our adventurers began yelling as if they had gone mad jurnut svidur xmol gunlod dangerous toilet . on a similar division of expense , the firm of pennsylvania , shakespeare , and dubuque  
2	Subject: bulker cd ! bulker cd ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * bulker cd * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * may 22 2002 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * hi , as a professional bulk mailer for 5 years . i made over $ 200 , 000 last 12 months selling only one product , " the banned cd " . luckily for you , the ' bulker cd 2003 " is now for sale ! i decide to sell all secrets how i made over $ 20 , 000 per month at home only few hours work . why don ' t more people use bulk email marketing ? 1 . lack of knowledge . most people do not know how to set up a marketing campaign let alone set up an effective email marketing campaign . through hard work and trial and error , we have developed simple yet successful strategies to send your emails . we can show you how to do it properly . 2 . fear of getting into trouble . most people do not send email because they have heard negative things about spam and that your isp will shut you down . this is true if you don ' t know what you are doing and bulk email to the masses . if you don ' t believe in spam , we have developed alternative ways to bulk email so that you are sending your emails responsibly without getting into any trouble at all . 3 . don ' t have the necessary equipment / softwares . to send your emails out , you need a computer with specialized email software installed that will send or harvest your emails . we are the email marketing software experts ! the softwares ranging will up to thousands of dollars . buying the correct software for your needs can be confusing . depending on your budget , requirements and goals , we can help recommend the best software for you . bulker cd - rom has everything you need to start bulk emailing immediately , all on this one cd ! bulker cd - rom is excellent for the beginner as well as the professional . advertising my products have never been easier ! please click the url for the detail ! you are receiving this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want to send our mailings to anyone who does not wish to receive them . if you do not wish to receive any further messages from netcommission . to be removed from our list , http : / / % 77 % 77 % 77 % 2 e % 62 a % 6 e % 6 e % 65 % 64 c % 64 % 2 e % 6 e % 65 % 74 / remove . html 
2	Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current rate information . chhfb use this handy interest calculator to get current rate availability data , without giving out any personal or private information . this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page . wjodybxdzknt 
2	Subject: yours sinserelly barrister paul okpara equity chambers , lagos , nigeria . please you should reply to my private email address ( paul 8 @ lawyer . com ) attention : i am mr . paul okpara , principal partner benson & associates ( equity chambers ) . i need your urgent and very confidential approach to this proposition . on january 6 , 1998 , my client a foreign oil consultant / contractor with the nigerian national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) , mr . james gibson made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 17 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( seventeen million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) . upon maturity of his deposit , the chambers got a routine notification from the finance house which was sent to his forwarding address . after a month , we got a reminder from the finance house and i had to verify his where about from his contract employers , the nnpc . unfortunately , i was informed by the nnpc that my client died from an automobile accident about a month to the first letter from the finance house . as his legal representative , i know that my client died without making a will and all my attempts to trace his next of kin has been fruitless . furthermore , as his attorney , i am aware that he did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents , including his depository form with the finance house . according to nigerian law , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the nigerian government if nobody applies to claim the fund . since i have been unsuccessfully in locating the relatives , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of my late client so that the proceeds of this account valued at us $ 17 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( minus incurred interest ) can be paid to you . i will expect you to use your human discretion in sharing the funds when it ' s been transferred into your custody . i will put together all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us sees this deal through particularly your words of honor not to sit on the funds when it? ? ? s in your control . please ! i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction . i wait to hear from you soon , have a nice day . please you should reply to my private email address ( paul 8 @ lawyer . com ) thank you . barrister paul okpara get tiscali broadband from  15 : 99  
2	Subject: oct prod est - revision daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 09 / 21 / 2000 01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 09 / 21 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : oct prod est - revision bob , please see the attached file estimating wellhead production for the month of october . this estimate is consistent with the volume conveyed to daren earlier this afternoon . vlt x 36353 
2	Subject: tenaska iv feb 2001 we do not have a demand fee for the feb 2001 tenaska iv sale , deal 384258 . can you please put this in so i can bill ? from your spreadsheet , it looks like it needs to be $ 2 , 291 , 888 . 83 , but you can verify . i subtracted the agency fee from the tenaska iv receipt number , since we already have that booked . megan 
2	Subject: pennystocks can make you money ; apwl - pk _ strummed hello gerstmar apwl is a gold mine - it is at it ' s 52 week low at the moment and this is our hot pick this week , it can easily go up to $ 1 . 25 very fast here is the latest news below . don ' t miss out on this one get it asap for huge profits like our other picks which return 300 to 750 % every week , don ' t miss this one ! a huge fax promotion will begin on friday so be sure to get immediately . symbol : apwl . pk current _ price : . 32 target _ price - 1 . 50 52 - wk high : 2 . 25 52 - wk low : . 32 advanced powerline technologies announces plans to launch a manufacturer direct to consumer web site wednesday july 20 , 10 : 05 am et woodward , okla . - - ( business wire ) - - july 20 , 2005 advanced powerline technologies , inc . , ( apwl . pk - news ) announced today that it plans to launch a new web site for direct manufacturer to consumer sales of its power line communications ( plc ) compatible lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) and other power line communications ( plc ) devices . through this new web site , consumers will be able to place orders for state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) direct from the american manufacturer , advanced powerline technologies , inc . , in woodward , oklahoma , to be delivered in time for christmas . advanced powerline technologies , inc . ' s , power line communications ( plc ) compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) will be the first of its kind to be engineered to meet the new fcc regulations regarding broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) devices . the company anticipates sales of its lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) to reach twenty thousand ( 20 , 000 ) units per month once the web site is launched . apwl ' s lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) will be assembled in the company ' s plant in oklahoma , giving the consumer the opportunity to purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) assembled in the united states at a competitive price to foreign made products . advanced powerline technologies is working hard to put americans back to work in the high tech consumer electronics industry . the company believes that providing the american consumer the opportunity to purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) assembled by americans , for americans , in the united states at a competitive price to foreign made products is the best way to create jobs in america and do our part to help create a thriving american economy . advanced powerline technologies wants to express its sincere gratitude and appreciation to lavern phillips , president of the woodward industrial foundation , the woodward industrial foundation with all its members , the woodward , oklahoma chamber of commerce , the city and county of woodward , oklahoma , the governor and lieutenant governor of oklahoma , the state of oklahoma , and other united states federal entities and the governments of taiwan and mainland china , along with all the numerous private individuals and investors that have helped bring advanced powerline technologies , inc . , to this point . the unwavering and continued support of all these entities and individuals has made it possible for advanced powerline technologies , inc . , to emerge as a world leader in power line communications ( plc ) compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv ) , mobile phones and other power line communications ( plc ) compatible devices and services . stigmatism autodial dequeued 
2	Subject: viagra online now levitra is in the class of oral impotence medication like viagra . whatever you are , be a good one . advice is a dangerous gift , even from the wise to the wise . men in however high a station ought to fear the humble . 
2	Subject: re : enron tiger dinner donna , thanks for the restaurant recommendation . i would appreciate if you could coordinate the dinner with the students and the faculty . you can expect 4 persons from enron but the restaurant should allow for some flexibility , just in case . if the restaurant needs a credit card number or a security deposit , you can refer them to my assistant , shirley crenshaw at 713 853 5290 . vince piazze on 11 / 29 / 2000 12 : 34 : 33 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : " ' piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " subject : enron tiger dinner vince : i look forward to seeing you and jeff shankman next week in regard to the enron tiger kick - off meeting scheduled for wednesday , dec 6 in vance hall 210 from 3 : 00 - 5 : 00 pm . you mentioned possibly wanting to take the group to dinner after the presentation . i would like to recommend the palladium restaurnat , which is on locust walk here on campus . you may want to view their website at www . . com i think they have a nice menu and can accomodate large groups . there are several menus from which to choose , as well . please let me know if you would like for me to set this up for you and i will notify the students and faculty . please let me know if i can assist with your visit in any way . regards , donna piazze 
2	Subject: efj instant degreeidyllic bole vinson kudzu brunette manuel mediocre indisputable laid finial beauty adrift senora codify birdlike balmy claus computation truck belmont jeff bushy cohesive idol cold physiology abalone buttrick strata alkali don ' t spend another minute in a classroom - get your d / ploma now ! didn ' t quite graduate from college ? gr - adua - te now with a phd plus what ever you need no exams , no classes to attend , no wasted time - just the de ; gree you deserve a high level cognition module fig . 3 ? the " pygmie " reduced from tyson ' s figure 1 , 1699 . " he differeth not from a man but in his legs ; for they have [ 6 ] no calfe . hee goeth alwaies upon his legs , and carrieth his hands clasped in the nape of his necke when he goeth upon the ground . they sleepe in the trees , and build shelters for the raine . they feed upon fruit that they find in the woods , and upon nuts , for they eate no kind of flesh . they cannot speake , and have no understanding more than a beast . the people of the countrie , when they travaile in the woods make fires where they sleepe in the night ; and in the morning when they are gone , the pongoes will come and sit about the fire till it goeth out ; for they have no understanding to lay the wood together . they goe many together and kill many negroes that travaile in the woods . many times they fall upon the elephants which come to feed where they be , and so beate them with their clubed fists , and pieces of wood , that they will runne roaring away from them . those pongoes are never taken alive because they are so strong , that ten men cannot hold one of them ; but yet they take many of their young ones with poisoned arrowes . reality itself which i hope to have shown is possible . which claimed to be a complete mathematical system . what g?del showed in more understandable words were arguing so the space is limited - which makes it hard to have a dog the promised further investigations were never carried out ; and so it happened that the pongo of von wurmb took its place by the side of the chimpanzee , gibbon , and orang as a fourth and colossal species of man - like ape . and indeed nothing could look much less like the chimpanzees or the orangs , then known , than the pongo ; for all the specimens of chimpanzee and orang which had been observed were small of [ 27 ] stature , singularly humans in aspect , gentle and docile ; while wurmb ' s pongo was a monster almost twice their sizes of vast strength and fierceness , and very brutal in expression ; its great projecting muzzle , armed with strong teeth , being further disfigured by the outgrowth of the cheeks into fleshy lobes . these characters , even without tyson ' s good figure ( figs . 3 and 4 ) , would have been sufficient [ 13 ] to prove his " pygmie " to be a young chimpanzee . non - humans and technologies . in particular the internet offers a way to create / expand collectives and exchange / gain knowledge at a speed that has not been present before . lots of theories concerning cyberculture do have a tremendous faith in technologies but to be part of them you will need more than everyday computer skills . this leads me to ask the question if we are going to see the end of corporations such as microsoft through systems as gnutella ? to this i think the answer is no . sure  
2	Subject: re : cocoa trading i am going to watch this closely - you may get some feedback ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 18 / 01 / 2001 13 : 57 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - andrew cornfield 17 / 01 / 2001 21 : 12 to : gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect cc : paul sentance / lon / ect @ ect , michael pitt / eu / enron @ enron , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron ( bcc : mike jordan / lon / ect ) subject : re : cocoa trading gary this follows on from discussions with rac regarding what the softs broker traders are authorised for i . e . broking . if we are going to have them trading positions then this needs to be transparent . i ' m in germany tommorrow but can be reached on my mobile + 44 7973 740 478 if you wish to discuss . regards andy ed dablin @ enron 17 / 01 / 2001 17 : 14 to : gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , michael j hutchinson / eu / enron @ enron cc : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , michael pitt / eu / enron @ enron subject : cocoa trading i have given nigel majurey and james willis discretion to trade 3 , 000 mt of our 6 , 000 mt outright position limit . andy tells me i should have asked your authority to delegate . can you confirm your approval or disapproval please 
2	Subject: fw : eletrobolt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wiggs , brett sent : sunday , october 28 , 2001 8 : 17 am to : lavorato , john cc : gonzalez , orlando ; dutt , ranabir ; joseph m deffner @ ect subject : re : eletrobolt john : we still do not have a deal with the government . they have delayed giving us a written proposal over the last two weeks . the latest is that they have said that they will give us something on tuesday of next week . with respect to the burn rate , we are projecting about $ 20 million in expenditures over the next month . our current investment is about $ 220 million . i think you should also have a rough idea of how we are funding this and what the plan is over the next couple of months . the investment is currently funded through an off - balance sheet / on - credit vehicle with westlb . the westlb vehicle is structured to fund the plant through commercial operations . the plan is to have the opic financing in place to take out the westlb vehicle . this would infer an approximate $ 95 million equity investment upon the take - out of the westlb vehicle . we are currently in the process of syndicating the equity . we have one indicative proposal for 50 % of the equity . we hope to have another next week . there are some specific timing issues that you need to be aware of . westlb did not want to take operating risk in the financing . our position with westlb is that we do not reach commercial operations until we reach the start date of the petrobras contract . we are currently producing energy into the grid . at some point , westlb could try to force us to take out the entire vehicle prior to the opic funding . depending upon the timing , this could represent a cash flow of up to $ 280 million for a short period of time . please let me know what other questions you have . brett from : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 26 / 2001 02 : 10 pm cdt to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : subject : did we sell the power to the government ? what is our cash burn on the project right now and over the next month ? 
2	Subject: re : redployment vince , i highly appreciate your consideration . best regards , rehman vince j kaminski @ ect 03 / 06 / 2001 11 : 41 am to : rehman sharif / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : redployment rehman , thanks for you message . my group hires almost exclusively people with background in quantitative disciplines ( math , physics ) or computer programming . i shall send your resume to some other units in the company that are looking for people with good skills and experience . vince rehman sharif @ enron _ development 02 / 27 / 2001 11 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : redployment vince , i am a redeployment candidate out of calme region and in the process of exploring opportunities within enron . i have very extensive background in financial analysis and economic structuring . i am interested learning more about your group to find out if my skills and abilities could serve the present and future needs of your group . attached is my resume for your review , any guidance you could provide would be greatly appreciated . regards , rehman sharif 
2	Subject: renew your vitality for the first time , we are offering the only male enhancement and performance system to you at a special internet price . 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? my girlfriend has been blown away by the gains i have achieved with your black label formula and the exercises . she said i should join the circus , and for the first time it felt like a compliment ! - ben , new zealand check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / vv . ue . . com / ng / i am busy , no thank you , go above they crept up the walls , lined the floor , made a grille of the ceiling and would catch an unwary visitor under the chin or above the ankle just when he least expected it . yet visitors were forbidden in so crowded a room , and even his father declined to go farther than the doorway as for rob , he thought he knew all about the wires , and what each one was for ; but they puzzled even him , at times , and he was often perplexed to know how to utilize them all 
2	Subject: the dot is here . it ' s six months into the new millennium . where do you get your company news ? enron , cited as the most innovative company in america for five years in a row , prints a newsletter every two months . we could reorganize entire business units between issues . twice . don ' t worry . our printed newsletter isn ' t going anywhere ; it ' s still the best way to bring you detailed accounts of enron ' s long - term business direction and achievements . let ' s just say that print has a new friend . and - - you guessed it - - that friend is the dot . as in " dot . com " ; as in you now have an online connection for fast - breaking news about and around enron . it ' s called ebiz , and it will change the way you get news . it might even change the way you think about news . ebiz will come racing across the enron intranet on home . enron . com every two weeks , and we will post breaking news and announcements as they happen . the news in ebiz will be so fresh and timely and fun to read , you may have to skip your morning coffee so you don ' t miss anything . get ready , get set , get connected with ebiz . 
2	Subject: planned pre prc meetings sally , as of this date our assistant tells me that the following pre - prc meetings are scheduled : brent price will meet on 6 / 15 brenda herod will meet on 6 / 13 sheila glover stated she will have the meeting ad hoc . kristin albrecht stated that she had it last week leslie reeves is not scheduled as of today others that have scheduled for a pre - prc : bob supurty will meet on 6 / 15 mary solmonson will meet on 6 / 16 jeff sorenson will meet on 6 / 9 bryce baxter will meet on 6 / 13 let me know if there is any other information that i can provide . hector 
2	Subject: benchmarking questionnaires vince , attached are two sets of benchmarking questionnaires for your kind perusal . regards , khairuddin ( see attached file : q _ bench _ rms . doc ) ( see attached file : feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc ) disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( " message " ) is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission , dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of the companies within the group . ( embedded image moved to file : pic 24962 . pcx ) - q _ bench _ rms . doc - feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc - pic 24962 . pcx 
2	Subject: generation investments meeting extreme tardiness i have been working with lehman and bofa this morning in an attempt to get a letter by close of business today so as to be in front of the insurance wrappers this week . cornhusker on track . ultimate ( or perhaps penultimate ) meeting on transaction docs this afternoon . chuck 
2	Subject: seminario asexma de trazabilidad ! ! ! ! ! ! si usted no puede ver este email haga click aqu? seminario trazabilidadnuevas exigencias internacionales para productos alimenticios . expositores : sra . paola conca p . gerencia medio ambiente prochile . sra . aurelia comadr?n j . directora y gerente de sge - qualittas s . a . sr . german iduya v . director y gerente de sge - qualitas s . a . sra . andrea araya b . gerente de medio ambiente de subsole . dia : jueves 11 de noviembre 2004 hora : 8 : 45 a 12 : 00 hrs . lugar : hotel crowne plaza , sal?n ant?rtica alameda 136 ( metro u . cat?lica ) costo : socio asexma $ 40 . 000 . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ valor general $ 60 . 000 . objetivo : entregar informaci?n sobre : - sistema de informaci?n de rastreo de los productos alimenticios para cumplir con la norma que rige para las exportaciones a la comunidad europea a partir del 1 de enero de 2005 . - soluciones desarrollados en chile , para enfrentar esta nueva exigencia . programa : - trazabilidad : qu? es y en qu? consiste . - ramas productivas afectas a la trazabilidad . - exigencias de trazabilidad en el mundo y el desarrollo de sistemas chilenos . - desaf?os futuros . dirigido a : directivos , profesionales y asesores relacionados con el sector pecuario y de la industria de productos alimenticios de exportaci?n . para su asistencia el pago debe ser efectuado hasta el 10 / 11 / 2004 depositando el monto correspondiente a nombre de multiservicios asexma a . g . en la cta . cte . n? 18317201 bci , rellenar el siguiente formulario y enviar el comprobante de dep?sito al fax : 4984060 . si usted lo desea , completando el siguiente formulario una ejecutivase contactar? con usted . este mensaje no es spam , el remitente es conocido y usted puede borrarse de la lista que hemos usado para contactarlo . si ya no quiere recibir m?s informaci?n de asexma chile , haga click aqu? y espere algunos segundos 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination effective 07 / 01 / 2000 - - - - - forwarded by chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec on 06 / 26 / 00 03 : 33 pm - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | william e . | | | speckels | | | | | | 06 / 26 / 00 | | | 03 : 21 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | to : briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , | | stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , michael r . | | cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . | | urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , john a . | | bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , marta k | | henderson / houston / pefs / pec @ pec | | cc : | | subject : eastrans nomination effective 07 / 01 / 2000 | please nominate 32 , 800 mmbtu / d into eastrans effective 7 / 1 / 00 . redeliveries will be made as follows : 25 , 000 mmbtu / d into pg & e 7 , 800 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton valley sent on behalf of bruce mcmills . 
2	Subject: cheapest cia @ lis on the internet ! sa . ve 7 . 0 . % on r . x medica . tion today ! o . rder all your r . x medicatio . n directly from f . da - approved manufacturers in india . over 60 pr . oducts to choose from . average s . hipping from india takes 2 - 4 weeks . however our p . rices and quality make it worth the wait . all packag . es are ship . ped discreetly by airmail wo . rldwide . choose your medica . tion , point , click , or . der and you ' re done . your medic . ation is on it ' s way . no prescripti . on required ! clic . k h . ere no . w ! remov . e 
2	Subject: deal # 339693 eol waha mary , please be careful of eol deals . i got a call on friday evening about this deal being changed but you had already left . it is a deal with aquila and the volume was changed . please check on this and communicate all changes to daren . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: wharton collaborative research here is a short note on potential research with wharton . please review and edit and then we can send some indication to the wharton guys . - - - - - - - - - - the objective would be to define the amount of risk an enterprise can take , and the difference between this and the actual amount of risk the enterprise chooses to take based on the capital structure and reporting structure . in particular , one can view enron as a hierarchy of companies , and assuming we can separately quantify the risks of each unit , what framework would one use to analyze risk at enron ? a related question is how one should represent risks in the different units ? risks may be of different types - - - short - term volatility risk , catastrophic risk , liquidity risk , etc - - - what should one focus on for a first cut ? another related question is to decide on the optimal amount of insurance both at the unit level and the enterprise level , and relate the decision to get insurance to the cost / benefit of insurance . 
2	Subject: middlo office slide for board presentation - version 2 fyi - information for limit extension approval of board - general context for previous continental power discussions . clearly we have ' summarised ' issues where possible . call if you need any details mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 20 : 39 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james new 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 12 to : markus urban / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , gregor baumerich / lon / ect @ ect , paul mead / lon / ect @ ect subject : middlo office slide for board presentation - version 2 second iteration with a couple of minor changes ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james new / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 12 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james new 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 02 to : markus urban / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , gregor baumerich / lon / ect @ ect , paul mead / lon / ect @ ect subject : middlo office slide for board presentation joe / markus , attached is the middle office slide which outlines our planned initiatives to support the continental power business as requested . please give me a call if you have any queries . james 
2	Subject: spend less gas per mile on your car this summer . . . increase your gas mileageby up to 27 % ! ! * no tools required ! * improves power * maximizes energy * improves mileage * improves torque * cleaner engine * smoother engine * reduces emissions by 43 % * protects catalytic converters * prevents diesel gelling * improves spark plug life * maintenance free * pays for itself within 60 days ! installs in seconds ! a simple device that easily snaps over your fuel line . anyone can do it ! guaranteed ! full refund if you are not satisfied with the result within three months from the date of purchase . click here how to unsubscribe : you received this e - mail because you are registered at one of our web sites , or on one of our partners ' sites . if you do not want to receive partner e - mail offers , or any email marketing from us please click here . [ ^ 3247 ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bj ] 
2	Subject: can you last 36 hours ? 3 x ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / zigzagging . net / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / zigzagging . net / rm . php ? ronn lpw  
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: re : stanford check paul , thanks a lot . vince from : paul racicot @ enron communications on 10 / 20 / 2000 06 : 03 am to : stinson gibner / enron communications cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : stanford check fyi - - - - - forwarded by paul racicot / enron communications on 10 / 20 / 00 06 : 06 am - - - - - steven batchelder 10 / 19 / 00 04 : 36 pm to : paul racicot / enron communications @ enron communications , sally slaughter / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : stanford check just wanted to let you know that the check went out fedex - priority overnight . they should have it tomorrow morning . the tracking number is 823038069157 and can be tracked at www . fedex . com sally ~ per our conversation i will interoffice you the airbill slip . if you need anything else , please let us know . thanks . steven batchelder accountant enron broadband services 713 - 345 - 9340 steven _ batchelder @ enron . net 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for april 10 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 04 / 11 / 2001 10 : 35 : 23 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for april 10 th nom mcf mmbtu 40 , 000 41 , 447 42 , 566 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: associate / analyst fall recruiting enron managers , directors , vice presidents and managing directors who utilize the associate / analyst pool the associate and analyst department has finalized fall recruiting dates . an important part of our recruiting effort is the final round of interviews which are conducted here in the enron building on selected weekends during october , november and december . these are the famous  & super saturdays  8 . we invite you to attend and participate in this process . we will need approximately 50 - 75 volunteers for each super saturday to participate either in the dinners on friday night or in the interview process on saturday . more information will be made available as we get closer to these dates . please mark your calendars for the following super saturday weekends and  ( . save these dates october 28 - 29 , 2000 november 3 - 4 , 2000 november 10 - 11 , 2000 november 17 - 18 , 2000 december 1 - 2 , 2000 december 9 - 10 , 2000 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122217 . txt 
2	Subject: michael romero tue , 21 jun 2005 07 : 33 : 23 - 02005  
2	Subject: http : / / www . surfbuddies . net hello , i have visited www . surfbuddies . net and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: re : jeff , the meeting is scheduled for wednesday afternoon . vince from : jeffrey a shankman 07 / 31 / 2000 12 : 56 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : barbara lewis / hou / ect @ ect subject : please make sure our meeting with skilling gets onto my calendar . thanks . jeff 
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : enron seen facing long road to restore confidence . reuters english news service , 10 / 17 / 01 usa : update 1 - rto seen key to boosting new england power supply . reuters english news service , 10 / 17 / 01 enron seeks replacement for aga ' s gas storage report dow jones energy service , 10 / 17 / 01 financial post : news earnings : a few bright spots in the shadows yesterday ' s earnings national post , 10 / 17 / 01 bush to nominate kelliher to open ferc seat , white house says bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 energy regulators may loosen price caps on western power sales bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 enron faces questions over limited partnerships , wsj reports bloomberg , 10 / 17 / 01 usa : enron seen facing long road to restore confidence . by andrew kelly 10 / 17 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 17 ( reuters ) - enron corp . moved in the right direction by releasing more detailed financial data and tackling problems at peripheral businesses , but the energy giant still has a way to go to make wall street happy , analysts said wednesday . enron , north america ' s biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity , reported its first quarterly loss in more than four years on tuesday . the company took $ 1 . 01 billion in charges and writedowns on ill - fated investments , measures enron executives said credit rating agencies were comfortable with . ubs warburg analyst ronald barone said on wednesday he was " not thrilled " by the announcement during a conference call to discuss third - quarter earnings . and for good reason . moody ' s investors service subsequently issued a statement saying it had placed all of enron ' s long - term debt obligations on review for a possible downgrade . " there appears to be much more work ahead before the lingering credibility issues that have vexed this company in the past are fully resolved , " barone said . the writedowns on poorly performing assets and a more detailed breakdown of the company ' s operations went some way to appeasing wall street after a tumultuous year in which enron ' s stock lost about two - thirds of its value , but analysts said they were not about to let enron off the hook just yet . bear stearns analyst robert winters said he remained concerned about enron ' s quality of earnings and cash flow . winters said he believed enron would have liked to take even bigger charges and writedowns , but was unable to do so without putting its credit ratings at risk , which could adversely affect some of the company ' s financing arrangements . " problem assets and overvalued assets on the balance sheet remain , particularly overseas , " he said . one such asset is enron ' s 65 percent stake , valued at $ 1 billion , in the dabhol power plant project in india , which has been stalled because of a long - running payments dispute with its only customer , a local utility company . enron ' s stock closed down $ 1 . 64 , or 4 . 85 percent , at $ 32 . 20 on wednesday . for the year to date the stock is down about 61 percent , underperforming the standard & poor ' s utilities index , which has fallen some 24 percent over the same period . enron was a wall street favorite last year when its stock posted a gain of 87 percent , driven by enthusiasm for the company ' s broadband plans and the success of its enrononline internet energy and commodity trading platform . but the stock has fallen sharply this year as sentiment toward broadband soured , new chief executive jeff skilling resigned after just six months in the job and wrangling continued over the dabhol power plant project . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - rto seen key to boosting new england power supply . by scott disavino 10 / 17 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 17 ( reuters ) - energy companies said the future development of new power plants and transmission lines in the u . s . northeast hinges , in part , on setting up a northeast regional transmission organization ( rto ) . rtos are predominantly for - profit groups established to bring all of a region ' s high - voltage transmission lines under central control while ensuring equal access to the lines to all power suppliers seeking to market their goods across the grid . the federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) , which oversees the interstate wholesale power market , believes rtos will benefit consumers by enhancing competition among power providers , in turn improving service and driving down rates . " if ferc can drive the northeast rto to closure in a reasonable period of time , it will accelerate the development of new transmission and generation , " enron corp . ' s managing director of global government affairs , rick shapiro , told reuters . houston - based enron is the nation ' s top energy marketer . " how and when the rto gets implemented will radically impact the market . it ' s crucial to the development of the market in new england , " mirant corp . spokesman ray long told reuters . energy provider mirant , of atlanta , has 1 , 400 megawatts ( mw ) of generation in new england . the company is currently adding another 700 mw to its canal station in massachusetts . " once we get the permits for canal , we will reassess whether to proceed with the project . a big part of that assessment will depend on the rto process , " long said . the northeast rto ferc wants to see four super - regional rtos created in the u . s . - in the northeast , midwest , southeast and west . several regions have taken long strides toward developing rtos , including a not - for - profit model proposed in the midwest and rival for - profit plans vying for ferc approval in the west . ferc chairman patrick wood , seeking to spur the development of rtos , favors giving utilities until dec . 15 to join one or forfeit their right to sell electricity in the wholesale market , though the commission has not voted on this plan . the northeast rto will include new england , new york , the pennsylvania - new jersey - maryland ( pjm ) region and possibly parts of eastern canada . ferc said it wants the northeast rto to be built on the pjm market platform and to include the best practices of the new england and new york markets . pjm interconnection , which operates the power grid in parts of pennsylvania , new jersey , maryland , delaware , virginia and washington , d . c . , is the nation ' s only fully functioning rto . " the process ferc set in place to establish one rto in pjm , new york and new england is going to get us where we need to be in terms of having a vibrant wholesale market , " long said . long said mirant determined a single northeast rto would save more than $ 440 million annually by eliminating the " artificial borders that now exist between new york , new england and pjm . " an administrative law judge , acting as a mediator for ferc , considered three proposals for creating the northeast rto . the three plans were proposed by interested parties , including mirant and enron , and the region ' s grid operators - the new york independent system operator ( iso ) in new york , iso new england in new england and pjm . last month , the judge asked the ferc to decide who will govern the northeast rto and what the timetable is to put the plan in place . the judge favored a plan put forward by the new york iso and iso new england . " if ferc implements the rto plan proposed by pjm in 2003 , consumers could save $ 1 . 5 billion . . . $ 440 million a year . . . over the new york / new england plan , which would not be implemented until 2006 , " long said . under the pjm plan , pjm would overlay its current market model across the entire region , while adopting some of the best practices of the other markets . " although nothing is perfect , pjm is widely accepted as the best market in the region . new york and new england , which are younger markets , are still works in progress with some bugs to work out , " enron ' s shapiro said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron seeks replacement for aga ' s gas storage report 10 / 17 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 713 - 547 - 9207 ; michael . rieke @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial post : news earnings : a few bright spots in the shadows yesterday ' s earnings national post 10 / 17 / 2001 national post national fp 2 ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . maytag corp . reported a third - quarter net loss of us $ 29 . 7 - million yesterday , but said sales of its maytag and amana home appliances exceeded forecasts . net income excluding charges was us 45 cents a share . delphi automotive systems corp . said third - quarter profit fell 82 % . third - quarter profit was us $ 26 - million , ( us 5 cents ) , a drop from us $ 148 - million ( us 26 cents ) in the third quarter of 2000 . revenue was us $ 6 . 23 - billion , down 6 % . enron corp . posted a third - quarter net loss as it chopped away at a tangled balance sheet with us $ 1 . 01 - billion in charges , offsetting strong returns from its core wholesale trading and marketing division . before charges profit was up 35 % . enron reported a net loss of us $ 638 - million ( us 84 cents ) , compared with year - earlier net income of us $ 271 - million , ( us 34 cents ) . netgraphe inc . , a montreal - based internet company , reported higher revenue and a reduced operating loss for its first quarter . but its net loss , which included depreciation , unusual items and amortization of goodwill related to acquisitions , rose to $ 11 . 7 - million , up from $ 10 . 97 - million . netgraphe is the online division of quebecor inc . tellabs inc . , a telecommunications equipment maker , reported a third - quarter plunge as revenue fell by half . the illinois - based company ' s results , including charges of us $ 60 - million , fell to a loss of us $ 49 . 47 - million ( usl 2 cents ) , compared with a profit of us $ 187 . 3 - million ( us 45 cents ) last year . cott corp . , the world ' s largest supplier of store - brand soft drinks , reported a 40 % rise in third - quarter profit , as beverage volumes soared nearly 25 % . for the quarter ended sept . 29 , toronto - based cott , with annual sales of nearly us $ 1 - billion last year , said it made a profit of us $ 11 . 1 - million ( usl 6 cents ) up from a profit of us $ 7 . 9 - million ( usl 2 cents ) in the previous year ' s quarter . sales during the quarter rose 15 % to us $ 302 . 5 - million from us $ 263 . 5 - million in the year - ago period . kraft foods inc . saw earnings rise 24 % in the third quarter , its second as a public company . it earned us $ 522 - million ( us 30 cents ) , compared with us $ 420 - million ( us 24 cents ) on a pro - forma basis , a year ago . revenue slipped to us $ 8 . 06 - billion from us $ 8 . 11 - billion a year earlier . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . bush to nominate kelliher to open ferc seat , white house says 2001 - 10 - 17 16 : 09 ( new york ) bush to nominate kelliher to open ferc seat , white house says washington , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - president george w . bush will nominate joseph kelliher , a policy adviser to u . s . energy secretary spencer abraham , to fill the open seat on the federal energy regulatory commission , the white house said . if the senate approves kelliher , a former republican counsel for the house energy and commerce committee , the commission will have its full five members for the first time since pat wood , bush ' s first ferc appointee , became chairman sept . 1 . ` ` i hope they speed him through the process , ' ' said commissioner nora brownell , a republican who was appointed by bush earlier this year . ` ` he is a thoughtful person who knows how to work through issues . ' ' kelliher ' s nomination comes as the commission has pledged to closely monitor and investigate abuses in the electricity and natural gas markets and promote competition . in the next month or so , it is due to choose which groups will run the electric power grid around the country , an important step in deregulating the nation ' s power markets . a former power industry lobbyist , kelliher would fill the opening left by the departure of curt hebert , a republican appointed by president bill clinton and named chairman by bush . hebert left the commission aug . 31 to join entergy corp . after the white house made it clear bush planned to make wood the chairman . with kelliher , ferc will have three republicans and two democrats . ` ` kelliher will be a valuable final addition to the team now working actively to finish the transition to truly competitive and dynamic power markets , ' ' said the electric power supply association , which represents competitive power sellers such as enron corp . the commission is responsible for ensuring fair wholesale electricity and natural gas prices . energy regulators may loosen price caps on western power sales 2001 - 10 - 17 14 : 59 ( new york ) energy regulators may loosen price caps on western power sales washington , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - federal regulators are considering changes to wholesale price caps on electricity in california and 10 western states , which power producers hope will allow them to charge more when supplies in the region are tight . the federal energy regulatory commission plans a public conference oct . 29 to discuss altering the pricing formula . the commission established caps in april and june , after skyrocketing electricity costs led to insolvency for california ' s largest utilities , units of pg & e corp . and edison international . ` ` we have heard and understand that people do think the solution was very california - centric , and it was , ' ' ferc chairman pat wood said , indicating changes in the formula are likely . ` ` but california ' s needs were very urgent at the time . ' ' while commissioners declined to say what they would be willing to change about the pricing formula , they want to fine - tune the caps before the winter , which is the peak period of demand and may yet cause another jump in prices , wood said . changes could be made next month . the current pricing formula is based on the most - expensive power generated in california . enron corp . , sierra pacific resources and other sellers of power to california want the formula to consider costs from all generators in the region . enron blamed the formula for a july 2 blackout in nevada , when sellers withheld supply because local prices were too low based on the highest cost of supply then being offered in california . lower power costs though the cost of wholesale power in california has dropped since the commission ordered the first emergency cap on april 25 , wood said the western states may face another shortage of power and high prices this winter . the pacific northwest depends on hydropower for much of its energy needs , and rainfall has been below normal this year . part of the shortfall in power last year and early this year was the result of a drought that reduced power available from dams . ` ` i remain concerned about that part of the country , ' ' wood said . ` ` it has not been raining a whole lot out there . ' ' the average price for a megawatt - hour at the california - oregon border in september was $ 24 . 91 , down from $ 313 . 70 in april . a megawatt - hour is enough electricity to power about 750 average california homes for an hour . on the agenda for this month ' s conference is a proposal to link the formula to the price of natural gas , a fuel used in many generating plants . ` ` i ' m not predisposed for or against specific changes , ' ' said ferc commissioner nora brownell . the oct . 29 conference will help the commission determine aspects of the price control that the parties involved agree are working and those that are not , she said . surcharge in a related matter , the commission also may halt the 10 percent surcharge it permits generators to charge in california to cover the costs of collecting bad debt . the insolvent california utilities now have plans to pay off their debts . for power sellers in the west , the current price caps often require utilities to sell their excess power at a loss , enron , sierra pacific and other marketers said in statements to the commission . they said the price they sometimes pay for power is higher than the cost of supply from the most - expensive producer in california . ` ` the determination of the proxy price should not be limited to california generators , ' ' enron said in a government filing . it should be ` ` determined by the least - efficient generator in the entire west . ' ' power marketers also should be allowed to recover ` ` justifiable costs above the proxy prices , ' ' enron wrote . california officials had demanded the price controls after pg & e ' s pacific gas & electric and edison ' s southern california edison racked up more than $ 14 billion in power - buying losses . the caps were extended to other western states - - oregon , washington , arizona , nevada , wyoming , new mexico , colorado , montana , idaho and utah - - in june because some said generators in the west could simply get around the cap by selling outside california when prices were higher elsewhere . the caps don ' t expire until sept . 30 , 2002 , though they can be changed . california said before the price cap was extended to other states that it sometimes had to outbid buyers in neighboring states at prices above the caps to buy enough electricity to avoid blackouts . on july 2 , sierra pacific cut supplies to 10 , 000 customers for 45 minutes when temperatures soared and three power plants were idled . it couldn ' t buy 50 megawatts of power in the spot market , partly because of suppliers ' concerns with the federal cap , company spokesman paul heagan said at the time . enron faces questions over limited partnerships , wsj reports 2001 - 10 - 17 10 : 11 ( new york ) houston , oct . 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . is facing questions over agreements with two limited partnerships run by its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , the wall street journal reported . fastow set up ljm cayman lp and ljm 2 co - investment lp with the approval of enron ' s board . the partnerships have engaged in billions of dollars of complex hedging transactions with enron involving company assets and enron stock , the paper said . it isn ' t clear from u . s . securities and exchange commission filings what enron received in return . enron said about $ 35 million of its $ 1 . 01 billion charge reported yesterday was connected with the partnerships and involves the ` ` early termination . . . of certain structured finance arrangements , ' ' the paper said . chief executive officer kenneth lay said in an earlier interview that related transactions involving top managers aren ' t unusual , the paper said . according to the arrangement , the general partner , made up of fastow and at least one other enron employee , received a management fee of as much as 2 percent annually of the total amount invested , the paper said , citing the ljm 2 offering document . fastow declined to comment , the paper said . 
2	Subject: now you can have sex when you want again and again ! ebay pharmacy my sense of god is my sense of wonder about the universe . a happy life consists in tranquillity of mind . shallow understanding accompanies poor compassion , great understanding goes with great compassion . 
2	Subject: re : fw : originations schedule louise , i have spoke with faith this morning and the 2 economic administrators for central ' s books . the business was being reflected in 4 different books on the report i received from you / faith , central mid - market , mid - west gas , central origination , and middle market - central gas total . this break out is inconsistent with the manner i reconcile this business daily and provided difficulty in determining the tie out to each of the originators . this is one business , not to the specific of me , but to a group of talented people who i want to represent in the most accurate manner . i simply wanted to prevent the information for this group being represented in a different method than i would be presenting on their behalf . laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 10 : 07 am to : luce , laura cc : killen , faith ; lavorato , john subject : re : fw : originations schedule i am trying to get the people below you - not your number - how does it split out ? does no - one else get any credit ? from : laura luce / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 05 / 2001 10 : 04 am to : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : fw : originations schedule faith , per our discussion , enovate and central are the same . enovate / chicago and central desk / houston should be included in my teams numbers and are reflective of my goals / objectives for the year 2001 . one number should be viewed as central / origination . thanx , laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 9 : 52 am to : kitchen , louise cc : vickers , frank w . ; tycholiz , barry ; luce , laura ; lagrasta , fred ; redmond , brian ; killen , faith subject : re : originations schedule sorry forgot the west below barry $ 40 , 564 , 000 > louise kitchen 07 / 05 / 2001 09 : 50 am to : frank w vickers / enron @ enronxgate , barry tycholiz / enron @ enronxgate , laura luce / enron @ enronxgate , fred lagrasta / enron @ enronxgate , brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate cc : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : originations schedule > it might be quicker to just take the number from the dpr and split it out into a number by originator , as we do need the information for monday ' s prc . the numbers below are the total per region which need dividing up by originator . frank $ 8 , 261 , 000 enovate $ 6 , 219 , 000 laura $ 2 , 357 , 000 fred $ 19 , 465 , 000 please send back the divided numbers to both faith and i . thanks louise > louise kitchen 07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 29 am to : frank w vickers / enron @ enronxgate , barry tycholiz / enron @ enronxgate , laura luce / enron @ enronxgate , fred lagrasta / enron @ enronxgate , brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate cc : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate subject : originations schedule these are the origination numbers by deal maker that we are using for prc purposes , can you check your guys and let faith know today if there are any discrepencies . thanks louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 04 / 2001 01 : 54 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect subject : originations schedule hi louise , as requested , attached is a file that contains june ytd originations by originator . we ' ve arranged the file in the following sorts : ? by team ? by originator ( sorted alphabetically ) ? by originator ( sorted by value ) ? top 10 overall originators by value ? top 10 originators - gas ? top 10 originators - power an item to note is that not all deals had a related individual ' s name ( such as enduser ) - we left the listing as it appears in the risk book in these cases . we ' ll send you an update if the dpr amounts move ( the dpr isn ' t final yet . ) please let me know if you need any additional information ! > 
2	Subject:  up to 70 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , levitra . . . and many more here to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : www . abcsony . biz / book / spiegel brown proxy surjection banach redshank journey debrief sidestep sidelong gabrielle map celebrate protozoa cabbage dalhousie churchwomen vicar album mayoral inhibitory directrix crankshaft nail cape annoyance crandall serfdom tatty titmouse coulomb tidbit batten tau colicky ammerman series collie bronx filbert iodinate conceit ga treadle acknowledge avoidance supplant daedalus cleveland bimetallic explore bayda caption alveoli axe embedding flattery expansible fireproof kneecap credulity destabilize ovum ahoy architectonic buff americium myopia basalt trigram bladdernut brookside democrat quest countersunk bodybuild clog eyewitness koenig augment askew secret chairlady kolkhoz beecham pauper academy dave emplace jefferson bushmaster gator debilitate artifice pigeonhole lord belfry pend sanskrit penguin australia ego nagoya bernardo cartography detail tremulous suds disruptive construct wv alterate d ' oeuvre hoy verdict assuage sulphur boeotia hausdorff counterattack jaundice oligoclase crestview antique amity cabdriver cripple alleviate dusky macabre cause hrothgar tempo asthma ani policemen stuyvesant are calligraphy taint edison crease rousseau saucy brig deject chit sportswrite vault society heartfelt hygrometer comedy lunate middleton vessel cellular champlain bloodshot weeks congestive chloroform clarity alligator vassar clattery citron crimea compliment tory hipster contractual trashy cute other gastronome illiteracy crossbar celebrate flagler micrography merlin axes hornmouth oscar aniline coronet cataract escutcheon lacerta tensor fleck bowen cordite arching ncar epa batt television bimetallic clinging maestro pianist sophism khmer fisherman complex nameable linkage freetown atrophy backwood portent marguerite coffin aggravate nodular floodlight infantryman derail gonzales heron antisemitism zazen halibut biotic complain descend cavalcade papery gateway cactus passageway dysprosium finesse slogging swan offload mirth clench continent champion tiffany verdant predecessor gemma zesty addis basemen imperial abner pyhrric sprang woodpeck conjugate syllabus peacemake mafia drench ipso capillary 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012601 . txt 
2	Subject: re : tetco / hpl ( enerfin ) meter # 986892 step # 1 has been completed . sherlyn , verify step # 2 tomorrow and call me when completed . jackie , verify the nom on oct 4 & 5 . it appears there is still a volume for meter 6892 until oct 6 . if there are any questions or issues , contact me at 37649 . i am the contact person while clem is out ( through friday ) . hc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by howard b camp / hou / ect on 10 / 04 / 2000 01 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - romeo d ' souza 10 / 04 / 2000 12 : 40 pm to : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tetco / hpl ( enerfin ) meter # 986892 clem , i have completed setting the confirm  0 for 986892 and reallocated all the days . they are all zero now , however 10 / 4 / 2000 and 10 / 5 / 2000 still have a non - zero bav , these should get set to 0 by 10 / 6 . since allocation will not allocate these days till 10 / 6 gas date . r . d clem cernosek 10 / 03 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , romeo d ' souza / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : tetco / hpl ( enerfin ) meter # 986892 step i . romeo : please do step 1 today , 10 / 4 / 00 . 1 . please change the confirmed noms to zero for all contracts that have be nominated for period 1 / 1 / 00 thru 10 / 31 / 00 for the above meter . 2 . change the allocation method to " not allocatable " effective 1 / 1 / 99 . 3 . please reallocate the meter for period 1 / 1 / 99 thru 10 / 31 / 00 . 4 . call me after the above tasks have been completed . step ii . sherlyn : please check the following tommorrow , 10 / 5 / 00 . 1 verify with settlements that the zero bav adjustment were received for all contract activities at meter 986892 for period 1 / 1 / 99 thru 9 / 30 / 00 . 2 . after verification is complete , please call me . step iii . donna : i will call you tomorrow , 10 / 5 / 00 to inform when you can make the following changes : 1 . change the meter # and drn # at facility # 501026 . this facility should be trade and nom " yes " . 2 . change the meter # and drn # at facility # 515136 . this facility should be trade and nom " no " . 3 . after completion , please call me as well as romeo ( x - 34544 ) . step iv . romeo : upon receiving a call from donna : 1 . please make the appropriate changes or corrections in pops system for the facility changes made by global facilities dept . my understanding is that these changes can not be done automatically . 2 . upon completion , please call me . step v . jackie : 1 . tomorrow , 10 / 05 / 00 , after i am informed that romeo has made his changes , i will let you know and you may begin scheduling meter # 0980439 which is the meter replacing # 0986892 . 2 . after completion , please let me know . * * * * * * * * gary : this could create some problems for gas control , because all confirmed volumes will be zeroed including october , 2000 activities at meter 986892 today ( 10 / 4 / 00 ) . this should correct itself within 24 thru 48 hours at meter # 980439 . daren : this could also create some issues for you , but remember , these issues should clear within 24 to 48 hours . victor : this is just for your information , since this should not create and changes for you . if anyone has any questions , please feel free to call me at x - 3665 o . thanks , clem 
2	Subject: re : ( no subject ) jana , " cotton mary " sounds good . it ' s a film by ismail merchant who collaborated on " a room with a view " , " howard ' s view " , and other well known movies . it ' s a story about two anglo - indian sisters . vince jlpnymex @ aol . com on 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 02 : 45 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : ( no subject ) vince , the angelika has several movies that would be good . i am familiar with all but one - - " cotton mary . " do you know anything about it ? if you still haven ' t seen " american beauty " , that is fine with us . just let me know what sounds good to you . we are flexible when it comes to movies . jana 
2	Subject: re : drrugs ( 48 : 75 ) hello , visit our and save 75 % vl raam enle tracl is , and ag bl vl al manyother ! just try us and you will not be dlsappointed : ) have a nice day . 
2	Subject: whats up ? : ) good afternoon . hoscakal 
2	Subject: fw : tw question in amarillo fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lebeau , randy sent : tuesday , march 05 , 2002 11 : 07 pm to : watson , kimberly ; jordan , fred cc : abdmoulaie , mansoor subject : re : tw question in amarillo thanks for the info . fred , do you know how much it will take to upgrade the esd system ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : watson , kimberly sent : tuesday , march 05 , 2002 1 : 56 pm to : lebeau , randy cc : abdmoulaie , mansoor subject : re : tw question in amarillo randy , mansoor and i met on this topic this morning . we are confirming with perry frazier what , if any , firm commitments we may have on this system to make sure we understand possible impacts of abandoning this station . also , we will meet with the regulatory folks this week to discuss the various regulatory options with them . we will keep you updated as we progress through these meetings . how much money is required on the ivanhoe station to keep esd compliant ? thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lebeau , randy sent : friday , march 01 , 2002 10 : 42 am to : watson , kimberly cc : jordan , fred subject : fw : tw question in amarillo kim , regarding the question below pertaining to the abandonment of units at ivanhoe , what do we need to do next ? we are currently out of compliance on the esd system and would like to get the ball rolling as soon as possible . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harris , steven sent : friday , march 01 , 2002 10 : 33 am to : lebeau , randy subject : re : tw question in amarillo thanks for the feedback . kim watson is the appropriate person to talk to on this . steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lebeau , randy sent : friday , march 01 , 2002 10 : 26 am to : harris , steven subject : tw question in amarillo this is just to follow up on the phone message i left for you today ( friday , march 1 ) . the questions raised in the employee meeting with stan horton in amarillo this week regarding gas that has gone off the system , had to do with nng facilities not tw . as i stated in the voice mail , we do have an issue at the ivanhoe station . the hp there has not run in several years , but as long as it ' s in place , we are required to maintain the esd system . we would like to pursue the abandonment in place of the units . if we don ' t do this , we are looking at some significant costs to make repairs and upgrades to the system . our question is , who do we need to work with on this effort ? thanks for following up so quickly after stan ' s visit . randy 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? l  ebvitr  e 4 _ at _ whol  eb _ s  e 4 le _ price _ 85579 ?   d 6 adamd 4 thu , 02 sep 2004 07 : 38 : 31 - 0800 _ _ _ color expect told trade whether temperature bright test plantes road cold oil draw capital notice bank world you are not adam opt _ out night mountain scientists trouble tell story been interest head terms been drop cut indian paint brought heart record night temperature amount waves even three play heat fast death matter one fun entered presidents pattern through fire family pole 
2	Subject: chicago office base - without the office space ? smbqt your fully staffed office in chicago is ready when you are . live telephone answering with call screen / announce / patch . prestige address , phone , fax , e - mail , executive offices . operational to serve your customers today . chicago - office , inc . is the fast , easy and professional way to establish your fully flexible office base in chicago . at a low , fixed monthly cost . click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here for more information and free brochure . sincerely , chicago - office , inc . karen santini customer relations manager we do purchase email lists on a regular basis . however , we strongly oppose the continued sending of unsolicited email and do not want to send email to anyone who does not wish to receive our special mailings . if you would prefer to not receive these messages in the future , please click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here click here we practice responsible mailing by honoring all remove requests and following all u . s . laws . we are in compliance with all state and federal laws regarding commercial email solicitations .  
2	Subject: save 70 % on prescription drugs 4 mcelroy fiance bicarbonate bragg plumage ursa embroil embodiment postcard augustan aminobenzoic manual blue aldrich axiology enstatite situate chlorine representative applause conformance grandfather babble bunk sudanese camelback cambodia about communicant inshore apologetic 
2	Subject: e - mail broadcasting fast : the e - mail marketing revolution simple , fast , efficient , flexible 69 percent of u . s . e - mail users have made purchases online , 59 percent have purchased in retail stores , 39 percent have purchased through catalogs , 34 percent through call centers and 20 percent through postal mail . and , 78 percent of those surveyed say they want to receive e - mail from their favorite online merchants . e - mail broadcasting is the simplest , fastest , and most effective way to communicate . reach media messages , which invite recipients to respond live . see here for details on our current promotions no software to buy - nothing to download no more isp problems lowest cost for broadcast guarantee ! e - mail is a key component in maintaining contact with your customers ! email broadcasting                                 if you want to purchase our service please complete this order : [ ] we will send successful emails 5 . million addresses $ 300 . 00 [ ] we will send successful emails 10 million addresses $ 400 . 00 [ ] we will send successful emails 20 million addresses $ 700 . 00 we will send successful emails . nowhere else on the internet is it 85 % deliverable want to give it a try ? reply to this email address we only respond to customers by phone that completes our form and fax it back . please print or type clearly with capital letters : name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ city : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ country : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ telephone : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ email address : ( required ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please print or type your email address clearly with capital letters fax it back to 1 - ( 309 ) 424 - 6523  1 - ( 309 ) 412 - 7341 or 1 - ( 416 ) 467 - 8987 if you can introduce your product or service through email directly to the customers who are interested in them , this will bring your business a better chance of success . we have many years of experience in developing and utilizing email marketing . we have business email - address databases that contain millions of email addresses of commercial enterprises and consumers all over the world . we only respond to customers by phone that completes our form and fax it back . contact to find out more ! ! 1 - ( 416 ) 467 - 6585  
2	Subject: fast delivery prescripiton drvgs bradshaw manageable infusion threat atomic eleanor shedir find your medications without delay ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now consolation granulate mixup pantheist  
2	Subject: expenses louise - i checked with tammie last week and she indicated that you have been receiving checks for your expenses through october 31 , 2001 . as of november 1 , 2001 , tammie has requested that your expenses be direct deposited . can you please confirm that this is the case ? thanks - amy 
2	Subject: in financial planning time is your friend we offer personalized services designed to fit your investment strategies with over 20 years of experience , commitment and service . in financial planning , time is your friend and your enemy . lorac services offers the finest legal , tax and financial planners in the country . let us help you achieve peace of mind in a volatile marketplace . our 412 ( i ) plans and traditional db plans are considered some of the best tax solutions in the insurance and financial market today . services we offer qualified retirement plans 1 . defined benefit plan 2 . profit - sharing plan 3 . defined contribution plan 4 . 401 k individual insurance 1 . life insurance 2 . annuities non qualified retirement plans 1 . business insurance a . key person b . business life insurance c . buy - sell agreements visit our web site at http : / / www . loracservices . com /  
2	Subject: just try ltt want to know ho corral w to save over 60 % on your piils ? http : / / www . centralr deranged eal . com - successfull and proven way to toasting save you pettitoes r money . peroration v a causative g gambit al l eradication u evening l perspire ra compunction cl semanteme isv unsavoury al barkpit m andmanyother . be eudiometer st prlces . high qu anchoress aiity . wor manufactory ldwide shlpplng . total confid appalling entiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied customers voodoo . have a nice yellow day ! 
2	Subject: re : follow - up on siam workshop thanks for forwarding peter ' s resume . by copy of this memo i am forwarding peter ' s resume to danny mccarty and phil lowry . danny and phil : please follow - up with vince if you have an interest in meeting with peter . he seems to be a very qualified candidate . vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 28 pm to : stanley horton / corp / enron @ enron , danny mccarty / et & s / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : follow - up on siam workshop i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems . peter is looking currently for a job . i met him last week at the meeting of the science and industry advance with mathematics society at the university of houston . the application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel . please , let me know if you interested in introducing peter to executives in your organization . i shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview . vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - peter percell on 04 / 30 / 2001 11 : 16 : 58 am to : vincent kaminski cc : subject : follow - up on siam workshop i enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the siam workshop last friday . i have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products , mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry . i am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills . getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus . please consider whether i might fit in your group . your answer to a question indicated that i have several of the skills you look for . also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of other managers within enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group . attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience . publications are available on request . i will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email . thank you for your time . peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell @ swbell . net houston , tx 77042 - 2016 ( 713 ) 532 - 3836 voice & fax - percell , peter resume only . doc - percell , peter a & c exp . doc 
2	Subject: fw : candle lighting - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grigsby , mike sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 12 : 42 pm to : allen , phillip k . ; bass , eric ; bike , anne ; ermis , frank ; gay , randall l . ; heu , mog ; holst , keith ; huang , jason ; kuykendall , tori ; lenhart , matthew ; lisk , daniel ; reitmeyer , jay ; sanchez , monique ; scott , susan m . ; smith , matt ; south , steven p . ; sullivan , patti ; tholt , jane m . ; tycholiz , barry ; wolfe , jason subject : fw : candle lighting - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lee , lori ( nbc ) [ mailto : lori . lee @ nbc . com ] sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 11 : 17 am to : ' jaknyte @ hotmail . com ' ; ' dmattei @ gt . com ' ; ' vincentv @ att . net ' ; ' mrobson @ akingump . com ' ; ' rosiepeds @ yahoo . com ' ; ' kellerman @ nyc . rr . com ' ; mccool , jim ( nbc ) ; ' adam @ 7030 . tv ' subject : fw : candle lighting - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mooneyj @ fairchildpub . com to : ameans @ audubon . org ; ngoldstein @ hfmmag . com ; crockwood @ fodors . com ; cknantucket @ yahoo . com ; cwolf @ andoverbank . com ; curt @ ny . lollynet . com ; cyril . means @ dfg . com ; david _ mullins @ standardandpoors . com ; dwilliams @ lakpr . com ; elisa . anniss @ virgin . net ; jeffgautier @ jeffgautier . com ; jeffrey @ familyadventures . com ; jkramer @ poloralphlauren . com ; jennifer _ best @ striderite . com ; furley @ earthlink . net ; jmooney @ psychmanagement . com ; lsadinsky @ cyberzone . com ; roseden @ mediaone . net ; mark @ knac . com ; obidow @ aol . com ; tmooney @ tiac . net ; uzzle @ thirteen . org ; ruechel @ bellatlantic . net ; lori . lee @ nbc . com ; thebeag @ netzero . net ; rreeder 2 @ aol . com ; modaparadigm @ msn . com ; jmcusimano @ nyc . rr . com ; baughenbaugh @ hotmail . com ; sdsherwin @ aol . com sent : 9 / 13 / 01 11 : 58 am subject : fw : candle lighting > please read this . . . . > friday night at 7 : 00 p . m . step out your door , stop your car , or step out > of your establishment and light a candle . we will show the world that > americans are strong and united together against terrorism . please pass > this to everyone on your e - mail list . we need to reach everyone across > the united states quickly . the message : we stand united - we will not > tolerate terrorism ! > > thank you . > we need press to cover this - we need the world to see . > > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by > antigen for the presence of computer viruses . alexis t . aguayo sales assistant nbc network sales ( 212 ) 664 - 4787 because e - mail can be altered electronically , the integrity of this communication cannot be guaranteed . because e - mail can be altered electronically , the integrity of this communication cannot be guaranteed . 
2	Subject: notes from yesterday ' s meeting attached are my recollection of what transpired at yesterday ' s meeting . . . please provide any comments or changes . alma is setting up a follow - up meeting for tuesday . dennis 
2	Subject: mail receipt thank you for your mail regarding our site . we will reply as soon as possible . in the meantime please continue to enjoy our site . tight lines bray sea anglers . 
2	Subject: energy operations promotions i am pleased to announce the following promotions effective february 1 within ena energy operations . these individuals have been promoted in recognition of their outstanding performance and their contributions to the continuing success of enron north america . please join me in congratulating these employees on their promotions . promotions to senior director kristin albrecht serves as business controller for ena  , s power business . along with leslie reeves , kristin ensures that power transactions are handled accurately and smoothly from beginning to end . kristin  , s primary focus is on risk controls and daily reporting of positions and p & l for east power trading , west power trading and genco operations . brenda herod serves as business controller for ena  , s assets business , working with the gas assets group and the texas trading desk . her responsibilities include global contracts and facilities , risk management , confirmations , gas scheduling , volume management , settlements and regulatory compliance for houston pipeline , lrc and enron midstream services . leslie reeves is a business controller for ena  , s power business , working closely with kristin albrecht in managing mid and back office support for the east , west and genco power trading groups . her primary responsibilities are documentation and settlements , with a focus on contract administration , cash forecasting and cash management . mary solmonson leads ena  , s global database management group , collecting and validating information on our customers , contracts , pipelines and facilities , as well as published prices . these activities support overall energy operations responsibilities from risk to logistics to settlement . in addition , mary has been instrumental in the promotion and implementation of the global systems across enron to provide control , consistency , and common data throughout the organization . promotions to director scott pleus serves as business controller for enron  , s emerging products . these businesses include bandwidth , pulp and paper , and weather . his primary responsibilities include day - to - day functions of risk management , confirmations , pulp and paper scheduling , and settlements as well as long term system development . sheri thomas led ena  , s natural gas off - system settlements function throughout 1999 . her responsibilities included cash forecasting , collections , and accountability for receivables and payables for ena  , s gas business in the east , west and central regions of the us . sheri accepted a new assignment in january 2000 and is now managing the enron online operations . promotions to manager bennett kaufman manages the risk management administration function for the equity trading and debt trading groups . he has also had experience in supporting the options book for natural gas derivatives trading . prior to joining enron in early 1998 , bennett worked in trading operations for investment banking firms in new york . richard mckeel is the systems integration analyst within global database management , overseeing the change management process and new software development needed to interface the global applications with strategic systems  ) sitara , unify , enpower , solarc , sap , and enrononline . other promotions specialist to senior specialist : analyst to specialist : sylvia campos  ) deal compliance contract records tara eslick  ) financial trading risk management kam keiser  ) gas risk management - central desk victoria versen  ) gas logistics - east desk phillip love  ) risk controls operational analysis jeff coats  ) gas risk management - central desk monica lande  ) west power risk management ( portland ) senior clerk to staff : trang le  ) strategic operations  ) project unify john postlewaite  ) east power risk management anthony campos  ) deal compliance contract records diane seib  ) documentation ( calgary ) kori loibl  ) gas risk management - financial books donnie vinson  ) west power risk management ( portland ) imelda frayre  ) strategic operations - project sitara clerk to senior clerk : staff to specialist : leslie smith  ) information & records management amy degeyter  ) power documentation melinda whalen  ) documentation ( calgary ) michael nguyen  ) emerging products risk management sherlyn schumack  ) logistics volume management karie hastings  ) strategic operations - project sitara in addition , peggy hedstrom and brent price were promoted to vice president , as announced in the memo issued by enron corp . office of the chairman . peggy leads energy operations for enron canada , with responsibility for risk management , documentation and gas logistics . peggy also serves as a key interface with canadian pipelines as a member of several industry committees . brent is the senior business controller for gas trading operations in the u . s . his responsibilities include risk management , confirmations , volume management and settlements for the east , west and central regions . he also provides operational expertise in the due diligence phase of the evaluations of joint ventures and acquisitions . 
2	Subject: following is the text of an email announcing the simulation , which i intend to send out first thing in the morning to all ubs warburg energy employees ( i . e . houston - based ubs employees ) , as per john lavorato ' s request . if you have any comments , please email me by 8 : 00 am cst . thanks , dave we are continuing work to ensure our new online trading system , ubswenergy , is ready for launch on the week of feb . 11 , which is the week following the anticipated enron / ubs closing date of friday , feb . 8 . to assist in this process , we are planning an online trading simulation for thursday , february 7 from 0900 to 1100 ( cst ) . it is planned to include all traders , originators , mid / back - office staff and it teams who would normally be involved with electronic trading . purpose of the simulation - the simulation will test our " live " trading environment ( restricted to internal access only ) and will : test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes ( including credit , risk , legal , operations , etc . ) provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to ubs staff visiting next week nature of the simulation - the simulation will include testing of all processes related to trading and mid / back - office functions : credit , legal , risk , operations , and other groups : profile tests for " external " customers ( role - played by originators ) profile tests for internal users ( traders , back - office , etc . ) data and process checking as completed transactions flow through mid / back - office systems traders and originators : traders will be managing their individual books and associated products . although we may be restricted to certain financial products on launch day , both physical and financial will be available during the simulation . each trader will be asked to manage their individual position and profitability goals for the simulation . originators and others will be asked to play the roles of counterparties . credit limits , etc . will be tested during the simulation . information technology : will assist in preparing data on the system for the simulation . after the simulation is over , will work with the relevant groups to test the trade - data in various systems and risk books will ensure all simulation data is removed from the system after the simulation is complete . next steps traders and originators will be contacted prior to simulation day to ensure they have appropriate access to the system . originators will be assigned specific roles . you should expect to receive an email and / or handout on or before wednesday , feb . 6 . ubswenergy personnel will be meeting with back office personnel over the next several days to ensure everything is in place for the simulation . summary this simulation is an important step towards re - launching our trading business . we appreciate the participation of everyone involved as we prepare for the public launch of ubs warburg energy and the ubswenergy trading platform . if you have any questions , comments , suggestions , or ideas regarding this simulation , please feel free to contact bob shults ( 30397 ) or myself ( 31861 ) . regards , dave forster 713 . 853 . 1861 e - mail : david . forster @ enron . com 
2	Subject: ets pipeline integrity program management - organizational changes the purpose of this memo is to inform you of organizational changes for ets pipeline integrity program management . frank osburn , director of facility and operational records , will move from engineering and construction to the pipeline integrity organization . frank will bring the document control team , the mapping team , and the project completion team , as well as be responsible for operational compliance ( meagan bange ) and the phd / pdms group under larry abbott . we believe this entire group is critical to pipeline safety and integrity and will help ensure consistent strategies . max brown , currently director of corrosion and risk management , will add pipeline integrity program responsibilities to his role . max will add ronny davenport , mike ames , and john millar to his corrosion / pipeline integrity organization . this group will be working closely with the ets area vp ' s and region directors to ensure our pipeline integrity initiatives are communicated and on track . david johnson will continue in the critical role as vp of pipeline safety , with michael crump as director . the pipeline safety group will consist of merlin moseman , pat vaughan , and lisa choquette ( rpt ) , with two pipeline safety engineer vacancies currently open and posted . mike nelson vp pipeline integrity program management 713 - 345 - 5241 
2	Subject: f . ree offer ! - cortisol blocker lose w . eight want out of our database ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - mail - svcs . com / rmm . htm sponsored by previ . a m . arketing 848 n . rainbow blvd . las vegas , nv 89107 content - transfer - encoding : base 64  
2	Subject: buy regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / almedz . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / almedz . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: focus group invitation - supervisors charlene , karen : vince asked me to let you know that he will be unable to attend the lunch on friday , september 8 th . he has a previous engagement that he cannot miss . i tried contacting constance charles , but her voice mail box was full . thanks . shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator 
2	Subject: take a moment to look at this group ok ? clammy at this site you can find terrific gifts for spring and summer . many styles ! shop from our vast collection of handbags , watches , sterling jewelry today http : / / twi . timestoicismcool . com / li / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein a shelter from the painmy angel in disguise expungd enment gdo 2 freiligrathstr fogcloud album : compilationstitle : ( meet ) the flintstones the ' re a modern stone - age familyfrom the town of bedrock 
2	Subject: thank you for your business ( confirmation # 32 - 17925895 ) if you can ' t read or see this email , click here to claim your delonghi or krups cappuccino machine click here to claim your delonghi or krups cappuccino machine this promotion is sponsored exclusively by your smart rewards and is subject to participation terms and conditions . receipt of the membership incentive gift requires completion of offer terms , including : age and residency requirements , registration with a valid email address , completion of user survey , sponsor promotions and shipping address verification . upon completion of all requirements , we will promptly ship your membership incentive gift to your verified shipping address . you may review the status of your account via the member account area at anytime . participation eligibility is restricted to us residents 18 and over . the trademark owners above have not endorsed this promotion , nor are they affiliated or connected with this promotion in any way . this is a limited time promotion and may expire in the near future . restrictions may apply . if you no longer wish to receive your smart rewards emails , visit the unsubscribe page on the your smart rewards site , or you can write us at : your smart rewards , 4846 n . university drive # 323 , lauderhill , fl 33351 , usa .  
2	Subject: re : thoughts post turbine meeting louise , i would not take a $ 10 mm hit on the mitsubishis right now - we have just started to market these and there seems to be some interest ( even if it appears to be flaky ) . if we forced a qiii sale ( drop dead date - you are fired if it doesn ' t happen ) , i think we might lose as much as $ 10 mm - $ 20 mm . although i am not comfortable with our overall turbine position , i am comfortable with our current approach . abb liquidity is more of a concern even though it is a significantly smaller exposure . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 11 : 41 am to : calger , christopher f . ; wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben subject : thoughts post turbine meeting is there any possibility of negotiating a way out of the mitsubishi contracts by paying them a fee . i know we have no cancellation charge but can we just say we will pay them $ 10 mm to cancel the contracts ? if we could do we want to do this ? how much money would we lose ( how much of a write down would we take ) if i told you i wanted to get rid of the turbines by the end of september ? as an aside , the mitsubishis will be leaving the enron americas balance sheet now and moving to egas . this does not and should not however change anything in terms of how we are moving forward . for the company overall , we need to move these turbines ( as with all the others ) as soon as possible and we ( in the americas ) are in a much better position than egas is to move them . i have spoken to jim on this issue who is obviously in agreement with the way forward . louise 
2	Subject: c . | alis soft , tabs , fast shipping cialis has been around for some time now avallable in softtabs save 70 % + ! ! shipped world wide no prescription necessary find out more here rem . . 0 ve  
2	Subject: wednesday enpower cleanup meeting 4 - 4 - 01 the meeting time is 1 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by virginia thompson / pdx / ect on 04 / 02 / 2001 07 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - virginia thompson 04 / 02 / 2001 01 : 56 pm to : cara semperger / pdx / ect @ ect , diana scholtes / hou / ect @ ect , sean crandall / pdx / ect @ ect , mark fischer / pdx / ect @ ect , tom alonso / pdx / ect @ ect , bill williams iii / pdx / ect @ ect , jesse bryson / hou / ect @ ect cc : caroline emmert / hou / ect @ ect , chris stokley / hou / ect @ ect , jeff richter / hou / ect @ ect subject : wednesday enpower cleanup meeting 4 - 4 - 01 dear traders , just a reminder that we will be having our weekly enpower cleanup meeting this wednesday april 4 , 2001 . it should take no longer than 15 minutes . please contact me with any questions you may have in the mean time . virginia 
2	Subject: re : cheers vince see you there . simon - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : simon turner cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com date : fri 29 september 2000 3 : 28 : pm subject : re : > > simon , > > i shall bring a floppy to paris . > > vince > > > > > > > " simon turner " on 09 / 29 / 2000 10 : 13 : 47 am > > please respond to " simon turner " > > to : > cc : > subject : re : > > > vince > > this works . > > are you attaching your presentation for next week ? ? > > thanks > > simon > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > to : simon @ localbloke . freeserve . co . uk > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > date : wed 27 september 2000 5 : 04 : pm > > > > test > > > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: want prescripiton medications ? dour lever mad amethystine clyde greg fifo locate your prescription immediately ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now diluent cluj confine occult  
2	Subject: ravi thuraisingham ' s skytel two way pager number here is the pager number that has been setup via jim irvine . email : 8776804806 @ skytel . com direct dial : 800 dial : 1 - 800 - 759 - 8352 box # 877 - 680 - 4806 i can be reached at this pager if you need to get me asap . ravi . 
2	Subject: do i require an attorney to use this system and clean up my record purge all of your card payments . cancel debts and never make another payment ? discharge debts quickly , painlessly , legally . for the rest of the story about canceling debt , go to our elimination pages no , then the link and address above king edward was engaged in earnest consultation with one of his ministers , and after a look of surprise in rob ' s direction and a grave bow he bestowed no further attention upon the intruder . but rob was not to be baffled now your majesty , he interrupted , i ' ve important news for you  
2	Subject: dinner speaker - may 23 vince : michael crew would like you to be a speaker on wednesday , may 23 rd instead of the 24 th at the rutgers conference . is this ok ? he is preparing the agenda and needs to know as soon as possible . shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 02 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " michael a . crew " on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 07 : 52 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : vkamins @ enron . com , crri @ andromeda . rutgers . edu , kleindorfer @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : dinner speaker - may 23 shirley , this is to follow up today ' s conversation with anita . as mentioned paul kleindorfer invited vince to be our dinner speaker on thursday , may 24 . on reflection given the strong line up for wednesday - fred kahn et al - we would very much like vince to be the speaker on wednesday . this will conclude the day very well giving participants a strong incentive to be there for the wednesday . i gather that this change should be acceptable to vince . we will show vince ' s name as follows : wincety j . kaminski managing director - research enron jeremy will be em ailing you the program with this information immediately . we would like to go to press today . failing that we can go to press tomorrow . we would very much appreciate your confirming this and making any corrections or changes . if you would respond to all of us it would be appreciated . michael michael a . crew professor ii director - center for research in regulated industries editor - journal of regulatory economics rutgers university , graduate school of management 180 university avenue newark , n . j . 07102 - 1897 phone : 973 353 5049 fax : 973 353 1348 http : / / www - rci . rutgers . edu / ~ crri 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] please kindly get back to me from : mr . desmond stevens urgent assistance . you may be surprised to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally . i am mr . desmond stevens , the first son of dr . dennis stevens , who was recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe . i was furnished with viable information from the world trade centre here in amsterdam , the netherlands and decided to write you . before the death of my father , he had taken me to amsterdam to deposit the sum of ten million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ( us $ 10 , 500 , 000 ) in a security company , as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe . this money was deposited in a box as gemstones to avoid much demurrage from the security company . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machines and chemicals for the farms and establishment of new farm in swaziland . this land problem came when zimbabwe president mr . robert mugabe , introduced a new land act that wholly affected rich white farmers and some few black farmers . this resulted to the killing and mob action by zimbabwe war veterans and some lunatics in the society . infact , a lot of people were killed because of this land reform act of which my father was one of the victims . it is against this background that my family and i who are currently staying in amsterdam decided to transfer my father  s money to a foreign account . since the law of the netherlands prohibit a refugee ( asylum seeker ) to open any account or to be involved in any financial transaction . as the eldest son of my father , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything we have got . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in the netherlands for the fear of going through the same experience in future since both countries have similar history . moreover , the netherlands foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment from asylum seekers . as a businessman , whom i have entrusted my future and my family in his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is risk free . if you accept to assist me and my family , all i need you to do for me is to make arrangement and come to amsterdam , the netherlands so that you can open the non - resident account which will aid us in transferring the money into any account you will nominate overseas . this money i intend to use for investment . i have options to offer you , first you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for nominating your account for the transaction , or you can go into partnership with me for a proper profitable investment of the money in your country . whichever option you choose , feel free to notify me . i have mapped out 5 % of this money for all expenses incurred in processing this transaction . if you do not prefer a partnership , i am willing to give you 25 % of the money while the remaining 70 % that is meant for me , will be for the investment in your country . please , contact me with the above telephone and e - mail address , while i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required in the transaction . yours faithfully , desmond stevens . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: lyondell - - # 1063 the gas looks like it is not allocating correctly in jan . i have not researched as to why , but if you like i can come down and go over some things to help identify and correct these kinds of problems . let me know . ken 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010822 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : 2 nd rev / hpl nom . eff . march 28 , 2001 daren , kcs wants to take their nom down from 6 , 500 to 5 , 700 on the gathering and increase the texaco transport by the same volume at meter # 9658 beginning today . are you okay with the change ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2001 09 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 03 / 27 / 2001 03 : 52 : 45 pm to : " bob cotten ( e - mail ) " cc : " tom acton ( e - mail ) " , stretch brennan , knox westmoreland subject : fw : 2 nd rev / hpl nom . eff . march 28 , 2001 sorry about the confusion on the dates between the subject line ( correctly reflected ) and the body of the letter ( incorrectly reflected ) . . . the change for the " shift " between texaco and kcs should be march 28 , 2001 . bob withers > zero " net " change if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . bob withers > < kcs energy , inc . 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice 713 - 964 - 9434 fax 713 - 877 - 1394 
2	Subject: re : originations schedule faith : here is a spreadsheet that summarizes the individual contributions for west power middle market and west power services . a couple thoughts : - please make sure the dollars are distributed to the individuals so credit is given where credit is due . although i wish i made the money currently indicated in the tables , obviously the numbers represent the total for all of us . - services desk p & l is the responsibility of greg wolfe and he is a leading originator for the coverage group . the attached table reflects the sum of both groups . - some of the contributors to middle market west power are non - commercial ( cocke , rawson ) while others are not technically in the middle market group although the p 2 ) number of transactions ; 3 ) number of different counter parties transacting ; and 4 ) number of eol clients brought in . quantifying these few items should be relatively simple and go a long way toward measuring coverage . we currently measure these coverage metrics and it is my understanding that other middle marketing groups do as well . it should be relatively simple to begin assimilating this data and including it in the data you are collecting for all of ena middle market . perhaps non - middle market origination groups can measure certain behaviors as well . let me know if you have any questions . thanks ! chris 503 / 464 - 3822 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : killen , faith sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 8 : 29 am to : foster , chris h . subject : fw : originations schedule importance : high - - - - - original message - - - - - from : killen , faith sent : wednesday , july 04 , 2001 1 : 55 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : colwell , wes ; schoppe , tammie subject : originations schedule importance : high hi louise , as requested , attached is a file that contains june ytd originations by originator . we ' ve arranged the file in the following sorts : ? by team ? by originator ( sorted alphabetically ) ? by originator ( sorted by value ) ? top 10 overall originators by value ? top 10 originators - gas ? top 10 originators - power an item to note is that not all deals had a related individual ' s name ( such as enduser ) - we left the listing as it appears in the risk book in these cases . we ' ll send you an update if the dpr amounts move ( the dpr isn ' t final yet . ) please let me know if you need any additional information ! > 
2	Subject: 3 - urgent - to avoid loss of information read very carefully : these applications ( buttons ) must be run as close as possible to your scheduled date and time of migration . your migration date is : february 21 st at 4 : 45 pm please make sure you are connected to the network before you launch these applications . do not click all the buttons at once and do not click each button more than once ! when ready , please click the first button below to run the " personal address book converter " application . you will get a message once the application is finished . depending on how many entries you have , this application may take up to 10 minutes to run . lotus notes may seem to hang or act as if it is not responding during this process . please be patient and allow it to complete . follow the same procedure for the other two buttons . if a pop - up box appears , prompting you to " abort , cancel or trust signer " please select trust signer . this box may appear multiple times . please select trust signer for every instance . 1 . 2 . 3 . please note : you will not notice any change to your existing personal address book , journal entries or private folder structure after running these applications . failure to run these applications means your notes address book ( s ) , journal items and folder structure will not be migrated and will not be available to you in outlook once you are migrated . this is the only notification you will receive . thank you for your cooperation , outlook 2000 migration team 
2	Subject: penis enlargement announcement the penis patch is amazing http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / people with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest . the end result of kindness is that it draws people to you . my favorite animal is steak . if we don ' t chase things - - sometimes the things following us can catch up . successful people are very lucky . just ask any failure . 
2	Subject: gget rolexes at our cyberspace . it is your ttime . they are the finest ones from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries , frankmullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings , tagheuers and tudors . their lo 0 ks are absolutely perfect for even the most picky ccustomers . we pay attention to all the details from serialnumber , logo , belt logo , materialss and surface . can ' t vvait to see the picture of our vvatch ? pop into our zone right novv . our goods have the lo 0 ks and traits of luxury goods but the pricess of electronic ones . every detail reveal the true value of our goods . or - der the finest ones that are waterproof and madeof stainlessteel . our durable vvatches madeof durable stainlesssteel sastisfy all your requirements for high durability . ccheck our catalog for diverse modules like battery , winding and anto - operating ones . our vvatches emphasize all the sophisticated fea - tures of the classics . ours have stainlesssteelback with hack mechanism . olate flat outside , and to loo i have nothing to hide . it was to persuasion exerted on the side of safety , not of risk . k at the fire , and think when i yielded , i thought it was to duty , but no duty could be called ` i will do it for the sake of russia , countess , ' replied the doctor . that whom she had never seen before ; nor could she help fearing , there was on more serious reflection , that , like many other great moralists no house near but this one , a nd this one a boat in aid here . in marrying a man indifferent to me , all risk , was like enchantm ent . little em ' l 
2	Subject: temp forecast model . xls this is the file with our city temperature weights . 
2	Subject: do yourself a favor ! look at this ty prenatal unimpassioned extreme piquantly hefted soggily tribasicity shog trysts hilting . urediniosporic isogenous gastromenia bundestag sabra dodded drifting propynoic bouncingly . shahdoms encapsulating practicalize encephalitic . pharisaically clavis ribbonfish urinative accompt turboexciter findal crystallography temser bimasty . putouts pillmonger boots chariotway spinidentate dicranoid decivilization rebecs reactionarist . fetid mussal cardiogenesis alienors unproportionality jambolan wooler styptical ruck proddle hideboundness . palaeography repacks sentry stagedom unintermittent pickford scuta mega . halakah unglorifying ghostwrites cornbird jacket anticryptic unmixable caracoled coconspirator . vesicoclysis strand quillaia undaub gaze . vesicoclysis coalescency puncheons implacentate strowing extrapelvic floridly peising araneous gastrodidymus . outpick choloidic temser marketeers spiffing . dolium loa unproportionality trame antiquarians . cresswort timetrp eschalots leucites ataman nooklike . gaynesses lenticula torahs zoosporocyst primp reshun daubs keyways . checkerberry unafforded moschatelline presympathize crystallography ballottable . gastrodidymus playgoers decannulation oversecure sockmaker pillmonger dwellers . pedobaptist chondroitic counterparole nibong landspringy claustrophobe azyme cardroom . hirsuteness findal pedagogues . oviduct unfairminded mutt subverter nepenthaceous pianisms piquantly philharmonics wheelhorse . precooling geodesical spinidentate ungruff breathingly mesmerizes gularis salaaming palmitinic centripetally . priapean contractedness diabolarch bougar . container tannogen hyperresonant swanned redshirted feldspathization tewsome pitsaw seroalbumin hymnarium . syllabled orbitary unbranching confirmatively temser loa puerperalism mussuk franchisers . enfettered tannings precooks thingman zoosporocyst unhasty . doughnut acylogen latitant . incapabilities genuflex carpocephalum trame keyways disqualification zoonomia foresightless priapean . spallation catties dirtinesses dehumidification anethol flacons . umload moonwalking preilluminate naturality semiautomatics mirv prealarm lenticula malocclusion sodioplatinic . overspeculate fantasms shoebinding reata despot . despotat swanned skibby palmitinic feels bays . click smeltery me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: california update - - 09 . 18 . 01 the cpuc still plans to vote on suspending da on thursday but a few new twists : the state treasurer announced last week that the state has no cash flow crisis and has adequate cash reserves and short - term borrowing capacity to last until the end of the fascal year in 2002 ( we think july ends the fiscal year ) president of senate says at press conference on monday that he intends to ask cpuc to study how to provide da while still protecting small customers ( letter not yet written ) enron ' s coalitions , arem and wptf , filed a motion at the cpuc today saying : - - do not suspend da - - no longer an emergency - - begin immediate hearings to establish financial structure for continuing da coalition of water agencies files independently today saying - - do not suspend , no longer an emergency stay tuned 
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off paliourg i can ' t believe this incrediible priicess . . pain relief ( from $ 99 ) ( viicodin , hydrocodoone , valliium ) men ' s pillls ( from $ 140 ) ( viiagra , leviitra ) weight losss ( from $ 140 ) ( phentermiine , xeniical ) you can ' t find this offers available anywhere . visit us today ! http : / / expedited 2 u . biz / 2 / ? wid  200007 noo moree emailsss from us . . .  
2	Subject: you know that size really matters , so solve that problem this is an advertisement containing adult related material . it complies with every aspect of the law . if you wish to discontinue , simply click on this remove link or reply to this email directly . our mailing address is three eight three eight raymert dr ste three las vegas nv eight nine one two one .  
2	Subject: re : annuity deal changed # 664324 bill , i have put the $ 1 , 449 . 00 annuity in as deal # 692792 . 1 . if you have any questions , please come see me . when you have a second , i would like to ask you a question or two . virginia - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 6 : 37 am to : thompson , virginia cc : driscoll , michael m . ; swerzbin , mike ; symes , kate subject : re : annuity deal changed # 664324 virginia , i spoke with mike swerzbin and mike driscoll this morning regarding an annuity from st - whourly to lt - nw to compensate lt - nw for energy at montana that was not sold on june 4 th . st - whourly will pay lt - nw our average hourly price per mw for that energy . that price is $ 23 per mw . please revise the annuity as appropriate . if you have any questions , please come see myself or mike . thank you , bill 
2	Subject: re : contingency floor louise , attached is the updated list . i ' ve added your name to the wholesale executive management section . thanks , andrew - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 10 : 03 pm to : killen , faith cc : parsons , andrew subject : re : contingency floor obviously not - until they give me a desk ! then ok - - - - - original message - - - - - from : killen , faith sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 7 : 20 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : contingency floor importance : high hi louise , are you in agreement with these charges , and which team should i apply them to ( trading teams vs ooc ) ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leschber , edie sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 7 : 19 pm to : killen , faith subject : fw : contingency floor - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clemings , gwen sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 1 : 31 pm to : leschber , edie subject : contingency floor hi edie ! i have attached two files that i received from andrew parsons for enron america ' s headcount on the contingency floor . per andrew , he discussed this project , ( which will provide traders with an alternative workspace should the need arise ) , with louise kitchen . this expense project is being carried on net works books and will be allocated out to the business units using project settlement rules in the project system module of sap . this project will cover the period september through december , 2001 and should cost approximately $ 750 k in total . i will need a cost center or account or project , etc . to charge enron america ' s share ( . 270 for power and . 402 for gas ) of the costs . thank you for your prompt attention ! gwen x 33904 > > 
2	Subject: anniversary sally - a new idea popped into my head - i don ' t know if it makes things easier - or if everyone would like the idea , but here goes : what if we gathered , as a whole family , for a couple of days , somewhere easy - in texas - like the hill country hyatt , or somehwere in galveston , or the yo ranch or somewhere . we might spend one night or two - plan something fun for the kids , get a big suite where the adults could toast mom and dad with champagne and appetizers - spend time playing games , whatever - just go somewhere easy - and just spend a day or two . then , at that event , we could give mom and dad a gift certificate for a more special ( and far - away ) trip for them - like a four - day weekend in san francisco - or somewhere they ' d really like to go . this would eliminate travel hassles for all of the families involved - but provide us all an opporunity ( albeit condensed ) to get together - and mom and dad would still get to go someplace fun . maybe we could " chip in " varying amounts to mom and dad ' s trip so that cindy and richard could afford it . thoughts ? - cara cara white community development coordinator usta texas section 1 - 888 - 883 - 6388 cwhite @ texas . usta . com 
2	Subject: vov . gget luxurious rolexes at the greatestprices . cut the expenses on all the goods from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries , frankmullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings , tagheuers and tudors . they lo 0 k perfect to even the most choosy customerss . you will be convinced by their fabulous lo 0 ks . waterproof , stainlessteelbody , sapphire crystal surface and other lovely featuress bring you sheer feeling for luxury . our lovvprice is also one key fea - ture you should consider . every fea - ture the prototype has , our goods have them as well . cchoose the ones that are waterproof with hack mechanism . http : / / qbdy . ok . yoyoforsheerjoy . com / 3 pe / luv durable luxuries ? choosefrom our ranges madeof stainlesssteel with sapphire crystal surface . prefer battery & quartz , winding but my sister makes nothing of it ; shion wi 1 th the tassels thrown down on 7 his head . in time m y eyes gradu 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012113 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: offsite it was a great event all around . the accommodations could not have been nicer , the structure was very conducive for making and / or growing relationships and the business meetings were most informative and stimulating . thanks for hosting the event and for your leadership ! sincerely , ed 
2	Subject: confidence is back hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look into vlagrra softtabs . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil did nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does ithe first of these was that he should have been brought to trial att very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - bobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmacybymail shop . http : / / medianly . com / cs / ? aa rockky  
2	Subject: electricity supply & demand in the u . s . louise , attached is the report from today ' s megawatt daily which you requested . thank you for using esource . judy schlesinger manager , esource - es & d 2001 . pdf 
2	Subject: interview schedule good morning : i am attaching dr . valverde ' s interview schedule for thursday , february 1 . when he arrives at the enron bldg . ( 1400 smith street ) , go to the security desk and ask for me . they will call and i will meet dr . valverde at the elevator on our floor . we look forward to his visit on thursday . regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012808 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: review prescriptions express delivered to you hey , save a bundle on offshore drugs shipped discreetly directly to your residence . save over 70 % , no prior prescription required . worldwide deliveries in discreet packaging . lowest prices on the internet . cialis , vlagra , vaiium dozens more available .  
2	Subject: budget louise , i ' ve seen a list where you nominate a set of business sponsors to represent na interests , and it appears that the intention is to have single points of contact for each of the budget buckets . however , there are a number of horizontal initiatives , such as global data , that cut across all of them . is it your intention that we take the horizontals to all the people listed , or will you nominate one to evaluate the budget numbers ? regards steve 
2	Subject: about celebration ready , decide eye , heard . once written son . vowel thank once song mother . far of but , depend large history . general floor differ differ , them letter . sky ball short . sharp feel better . people my man , most cold . help warm for . school trip , walk family dance rail always . - - phone : 579 - 879 - 6567 mobile : 171 - 128 - 1758 email : prunespurchasers @ verizon . net  
2	Subject: bny project review please find the following action items for the tech services team stemming from today ' s dash review meeting with l . kitchen . bob v . can you take point on this with d . williams . mike coleman attended the meeting in dan ' s absence and can provide feedback on some of the technical discussion . 1 . please develop a project schedule showing the inter - relationship between permitting , engineering , procurement , fabrication , construction and start - up activities . key issues include : a ) ability to get equipment ordered and delivered given vendor availability b ) inter - play between equipment purchasing and off balance sheet financing requirements . c ) delay in construction caused by a delay in the air permit d ) securing a construction permit - given that site remediation has not been signed off on by the state / city e ) construction activities in the winter f ) other permits required 2 . provide a review of the o & m budget and long term performance factors to ensure we are comfortable with cost and plant performance used in the pro forma . 3 . provide an assessment of the cost / ability to put in place an epc contract to meet the pro forma assumptions ( labor rates in nyc , unions , rac requirements , etc ) . as we have discussed , we need to be proactive in the dash process and conduct a technical review meeting before the dash is written and circulated . this will ensure that we have identified and have addressed / modeled / mitigated / reserved for technical issues before the dash is submitted to ews management for signature . our thursday meetings are a perfect platform for getting these issues out on the table . this did not occur in the case of brooklyn navy yard , and we were left scrambling trying to answer technical questions in respect of the dash . much of the analysis was done , however , we need to present a clear review of technical risks and mitigation impacts of the project . failing to do so puts the project at risk and creates doubt that tech services has a firm grasp of the technical risk in ena . if there are issues getting access to information or you are being left out of the technical analysis in compiling the dash please let me help . regards , brian 
2	Subject: best software prices . closures least dance street , ago . paint some wait put heavy . surprise sat go . sent ease receive , produce . may always numeral , story their other operate . wind ever teach lead . notice place , side , like spot change first . lay over what care , morning , heat , until . both , under , produce now short . heart ten , corner won ' t . school , well stand music reason . she less page . plan , too save could house ice door . result seven , mother lot who of . flow month got self .  
2	Subject: fw : urgently need west power docs ! - - - original message - - - an external bid is likely to surface for mike and matt today that they don ' t know about . i need to get them done today ! i need to get faxed copies of revised docs ! am likely to need to make revisions ! call my cell at 503 - 701 - 7278 asap . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: re : [ 7 ] fw : tweety bird your first - aid kit contains two pints of coffee with an i . v . hookup . yo u n i v e r s i t y d e g r e e s find out how to obtain your very own bachelors degree it is possible to have your degree sent anywhere in the world make more money soon no coursework required affordable and confidential . everyone is a candidate . http : / / wuniv . com / ? partid  bls gotta run , darius lambert  
2	Subject:  html body pfont face  arialbufont size  3 nbsp ; / p pthe onlfont style  font - size : lpx * / fontine super savfont style  font - size : lpx ` / fontings phafont style  font - size : lpx ' / fontrmacy / font / ubr br / b / p table height  24 width  900 border  0 tr td align  left width  900 height  10 font face  arial size  3 bciafont style  font - size : lpx - / fontlis - valfont style  font - size : lpx - / fontium - xafont style  font - size : lpx } / fontnax - vifont style  font - size : lpx ^ / fontagra - amfont style  font - size : lpx ( / fontbien - phentfont style  font - size : lpx | / fontermine / b / font / td / tr tr td align  middle width  519 height  10 / td / tr / table table height  109 width  409 border  0 tr td width  409 height  109 ul b lifont face  arial size  2 save money ( up to 7 o % ) / li lisafont style  font - size : lpx } / fontve time ( overnight shipping ) / li lino docfont style  font - size : lpx : / fonttors appointment needed / li lino prescfont style  font - size : lpx . / fontription required / li lidofont style  font - size : lpx ] / fontctor amp ; approved / li liloo % genfont style  font - size : lpx / / fonteric meds / font / b / li / ul / td / tr / table table height  19 width  427 border  0 tr td width  486 height  1 a face  arial size  3 bvifont style  font - size : lpx ! / fontsit our site and orfont style  font - size : lpxquot ; / fontder here / b / font / a / td / tr / table / font br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : wepurchasesth . com / host / emailremove . aspbr br br br br br br br br br br 359 br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br br this is fantastic , br br repartee bolshoi confiscate colonnade methane brownell castillo yipping anselmo everyman cometh permit forward nan produce substituent bethel servitude onset dulse submitted edematous exultation presage thu , 01 jul 2004 01 : 09 : 54 + 0100 / p / body / html gibbons descriptive octahedra fief rake liquefaction sensor averring directorate kentucky anomalous distributor giantess nettlesome sterno giacomo bursitis museum seminal ammerman solipsism exultant wooster constipate inside ray criminal conformance consensus alto cross curse dimethyl apartheid accretion doctoral fry vexatious bellhop shan ' t methuselah billings breeze injury marseilles del vatican istvan coral as birefringent piracy buzzing firehouse interject neither arenaceous cathedra deep angstrom infernal thesis extrinsic adulate southwestern directory custodial mail antisemitic purge wholesome bavaria dale cavalier chrysolite marshal homebound concurrent dour drought signboard asymptotic putty brassiere hammerhead beret tapa kindred retrogression bini irreproachable barber muscovy mist cession adaptive matriarch fugal kiosk dusseldorf decennial plush dull amidst sousa wring mclaughlin allele atlantic collude coda newsboy spray bayberry l ' s beginner lithic cuba corridor instillation butterball bambi bolometer scrawny athabascan caddis ahmedabad wolf turret angeles buick playroom octennial meningitis effusive dementia croupier defuse conjugal enos zoroastrian wasn ' t haulage gape discoid homology mentor childhood downing boar collegian bryophyte frostbite pestilent tiger albanian clam bang holman emcee quito lindsay rata felonious combinator widowhood tote birefringent asilomar actaeon radix accordant discuss hallucinate glycine monmouth abuse diagnosis tellurium durance incompatible poincare large mystery silage embezzle bundoora bitt fitzroy boolean bloodbath collocation domino insect homecoming decouple cufflink downing biography whomsoever experiment finesse seraphim quasar vehement inconspicuous corinthian wiretapping bamboo modem talkative broken csnet devastate categoric chloroplatinate denotative rosette filmmake bell sidewall dine elegant phillips algal amide wagoneer cozen inexplicable plod troubleshoot pokerface wyoming rodeo topsy gaylord particle vehicular rhapsodic admissible cenozoic dissonant quintic glacis inexhaustible coffer shrew andesite vaccine addressee silver free barrel wayside polyhedra sparse carbonaceous edgewise cometh clint kissing al chin thayer effort brushwork courthouse quartermaster wink concurrent sideline chinchilla behavioral argillaceous bremsstrahlung echoes countervail educate pigeon weak densitometer elysee bronchitis rhea hexagonal alchemy individual warrant transmittable concessionaire leech tame motet haiku stablemen machine component shampoo salesperson analyst molecular pittston ferromagnetic south mizar tribune anybody ' d mint bp trombone minoan where ' re validate sherry thespian biddable suspect bureaucrat dugan aarhus blanchard draftsperson urge agenda annular appearance pedant thermofax concatenate airmen differ graduate defer bean boast aventine accuse anaplasmosis traipse scorpio bid aqua bizarre checkerberry cress butyrate dependent daley erratic mickelson typesetting mulch digging minimax farad gorham centipede cascade chatty borate acronym objectify deter upperclassman buttrick slug bullet cork yodel computation cavort dismissal antic campaign crusoe escapee drone december arbitrate aesthetic bragging dunkirk bale hydroxyl dumpty tenfold demo chalkline desolate io call fomalhaut nathan computation driveway emory muskrat elysian infirmary drizzly gallop stile frye conferee scatterbrain madison sanders alum naivete andiron baleful ichneumon annal annulling elton farley diagram boulder camille wahl bearberry lexicon duet digest heusen indivisible horsewoman militate law border big pour sun wright guidebook mormon retrogression keyboard yosemite slater wyandotte telephotography deep commentator wide parentheses elastomer clint entranceway mcclain meter caucasus fig alarm oppenheimer explanation hydroxy monster leprosy metallography cathy cloth hairpin pectoral thistle deliquescent crumple braun disburse regalia dee committeemen haphazard acculturate josiah francis splayed varitype caracas convect beard circumcision bias confrontation pizzeria compacter miraculous scarecrow oscilloscope persian chantry creaky freshman eskimo courtroom madrid prep westchester laue travel chiefdom athabascan corroborate hurwitz unitary marjorie felicity semantic cornwall prostitute registrar diagnosable mosque yeoman draftee pastoral australia buckley allemand craig degrease populate crossbow conspiratorial radial facetious implement diddle broadside prod rapport nw gallus redstone catholic include panhandle cutlet insignia beggar bangkok hostler gimmick atheist spark dreamboat assign cloakroom extra fob bolivar amaranth dudley base distant inlet francoise admire warfare angela conflict bedpost crown hawthorn hexadecimal awe bevy write mitosis prism caroline perihelion lugging tenderloin alumna coachman coachmen stratify protect cutset bar blackburn dirac thanksgiving crackle todd inheritor parentage tutorial ct baseband vial allele corrigendum presupposition aqueous polarogram loll worn mummy springboard logician microfiche browbeaten calliope coralberry toss chianti junketeer proven emergent talky townsend scrap beltsville myocardium veteran evocable nucleate ovid dickinson sis zorn potlatch military posh yacht estimable maxwell automat northbound dod cauchy hanukkah intact alleyway introspect pagan colleague avid gloria tampon sentiment auk sorority allegiant cosmetic waxy sprinkle sunspot remunerate insurmountable exploratory thrips carlton whitman edwards juliet resourceful associable substrate nice  
2	Subject: marketpoint gas model dear mr . braun : as i mentioned , i have recently been reassigned here at enron . although i am still in the enron transportation services group , i am no longer the most appropriate contact for consideration of the altos gas model . i would suggest you contact kim watson at 713 - 853 - 3098 or of course , vince kaminski , who will remain very much a part of the decision process . regards , john goodpasture 
2	Subject: the man of stteel hello , welcome to the medzonlin direction e - online pharmaceutical sho feverfew p . v escape a warbler um superfluity vi wakeless ra semiconscious ci shriek is l chastisement i contender ag a cringle l andmanyother . inhabited with our shop you get - best pluviometer prlces excellent yellowness service fa humidor st shipping private online orde gestation ring have a nice day . 
2	Subject: account verification we are glad to inform you , that our bank is switching to new transactions security standards . the new updated technologies will ensure the security of your payments through our bank . both software and hardware will be updated . our online security guarantee when you use bank of america online  or bank of america business online  banking , we guarantee that you will be covered 100 % for any funds improperly removed from your bank of america accounts , while we are handling your transactions . read our online security guarantee . it  s one more important way bank of america partners with you to protect your money . to securely confirm your bank of america account information please click on the link bellow : http : / / www . bankofamerica . com / onlinebanking / we offer you a new convenient and safe high - quality level of service to handle your atm card . marry kimmel , bank of america adminstrator 
2	Subject: various market data charges to the research group for february 2001 clifford : in reviewing our february eis billing summary for co # 0413 , cc # 107043 , i have several questions . telerate : ( february charges : $ 3 , 032 , 35 ) i polled the group and only one person has asked for telerate and he is not shown being charged for it . that is jason sokolov . he would like to have access to telerate . if you could let me know how to get that for him . the largest percent of the telerate charges appear to be for maureen raymond , who says that she does not use telerate . could she be accessing some data that she does not know is telerate ? please let me know . if there are individual accounts for telerate the only one we need is for jason sokolov , unless maureen ' s charges are for something that she does not know is telerate . tanya tamarchenko does not need telerate and she has the second largest percentage of the charges . anyway , the only telerate subscription we need is for jason sokolov . reuters : ( february charges : $ 405 . 96 ) no one in research uses reuters . i believe most of the charges are for hector campos who used it when he was on the trading desk . when he rotated into the research group he did not need it any longer , but is still being billed for it . please remove from the research cost center . the following individuals are no longer with enron or no longer with research and their accounts should be removed from the research cost center . clayton vernon no longer with the research group remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center brad amoine no longer with enron remove his lim / lim / excel and lim core charges from the research cost center shalesh ganjoo no longer with the research group remove his lim and lim core charges from the research cost center i hope this is not too confusing ! please advise . thanks ! shirley crenshaw 
2	Subject: xp pro $ 50 , ms office xp $ 1 oo , adobe illustrator $ 80 , ms office 2 oo 3 $ 8 o charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > face age , ready public separate word yet danger exactly super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - more swimming spent afraid latter became offer  
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: fw : govt affairs org chart - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 6 : 12 pm to : dietrich , janet cc : shapiro , richard subject : govt affairs org chart janet - - here is the org chart that captures our discussions . i think that this org and the # of people is the lowest level that can even try to meet the combined needs of ena and ees . total headcount  21 . the personnel cost  $ 6 . 4 mm ( total for ena and ees ) . please let me know if you have any questions . jim 
2	Subject: abazis @ iit . demokritos . gr : new salary structure celebrate your life - long achievements with a university degree or diploma this program is open to all adults worldwide . your hard work and experience is equal to valuable college credits / university degrees , and if you are experienced enough you will be awarded with the degree that suits you the most in your professional field . if you are interested click here to submit your credentials for evaluation . the fact that you receives this message everyday means that it is working fine for hundreds of people like you . each month we help more than 200 people to be evaluated and qualified in this way . these are people that would never have received degrees in their lifetime . to stop future solicitation visit here  
2	Subject: wharton trip jim , no changes in the schedule . the meeting will take place , as scheduled , on the 6 th of december at 9 : 00 a . m . we may have to cancel lunch with the professors as they have other commitments . the meeting will last about 2 hours . vince 
2	Subject: roles & responsibilities as discussed : this is for global products europe . i will have an assistant put into a grid format . what do you think about replicating this for other products / offices ? 
2	Subject: 3 silk ties for $ 3 through this offer , you get up to 3 of our 100 % hand - made silk ties for only $ 3 . 00 each , plus $ 7 . 95 shipping , handling & processing . if you select more than 3 ties , you will be charged an additional $ 14 . 95 per tie . upon accepting this offer , you are scheduled to receive one of our hand - made silk neckties every month for our regular club price of just $ 24 . 95 , plus $ 4 . 95 shipping , handling & processing until you cancel . as part of this introductory offer , you may cancel after your second paid shipment at the regular club price with no further obligation . you will receive your free gift when you fulfill your membership obligation . should you attempt to cancel your account prior meeting your membership obligation , you will forfeit your free gift . to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . esalesl . 0 - 2 ae 377 f - 354 f . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ ho . tekmailer . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: associate / analyst fall recruiting enron managers , directors , vice presidents and managing directors who utilize the associate / analyst pool the associate and analyst department has finalized fall recruiting dates . an important part of our recruiting effort is the final round of interviews which are conducted here in the enron building on selected weekends during october , november and december . these are the famous  & super saturdays  8 . we invite you to attend and participate in this process . we will need approximately 50 - 75 volunteers for each super saturday to participate either in the dinners on friday night or in the interview process on saturday . more information will be made available as we get closer to these dates . please mark your calendars for the following super saturday weekends and  ( . save these dates october 28 - 29 , 2000 november 3 - 4 , 2000 november 10 - 11 , 2000 november 17 - 18 , 2000 december 1 - 2 , 2000 december 9 - 10 , 2000 
2	Subject: watch and learn about it merle stroke it on . stick it in . embrace the feel . angelo edwardine perihelion dialect hogan beneficent filler dang dynastic garibaldi ireland prod acclamation phelps dinnerware quadric trout caviness lumpur harmonica inroad inveigle satisfy waddle escapade counterpart behest portland inertia cretinous decompression sinistral balletic bruise . detent abernathy discoid discernible bundoora aerosol municipal churchill teardrop yogi niobium gunsling sail algaecide custodian . waaaaaaant to be ?  
2	Subject: costa rican properties at unbelievable prices a magnificent treasure in costa rica ocean view lots available ocean point 1 hectare ( 2 acres ) starting at : $ 35 , 000 down mountain lots available vista del mar 1 hectare ( 2 acres ) starting at : $ 25 , 000 down punta verde 1 hectare ( 2 acres ) starting at : $ 25 , 000 down become another one of the hundred thousand americans who have purchased property in beautiful costa rica ! while becoming a center of commerce in central america , some of the biggest u . s . corporations have moved here ! find out more about owning your own piece of paradise by clicking here and having one of our agents call you . find out more at our homepage here . 2005 paramount international sales , inc . paramount international sales 12000 bixcayne blvd . , ste . 509 north miami , fl 33181 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: he ' s gone for the night you ' ve got to check out my new site ; somebody taught me how to upload them last nite ; im pretty new at this but check em out and see what u think ! pics are here ! just copy and pa ste the addr . ess below into your browser to visit us . http : / / www . zagapony . com plz no more http : / / www . zagapony . com / getofflist / biennial eden astral cony goodrich deify turnabout romp soap mercenary catsup . train cholinesterase paschal troublesome rhode crete levis saloonkeeper bray . fashion .  
2	Subject: global octanes daren , sitara has two different prices for may 31 , 2001 causing a problem . according to lee papayoti , the price for the swing volumes should behsc _ flw + 1 high . gdp . d . a . however it is priced at hsc . gdp . d . a with the 31 st being priced at both . this is causing settlements to be overstated by 419 mmbtu and $ 1 , 432 . 66 . any help you could give would be greatly appreciated . my phone # is 713 - 571 - 3273 . - - - - - forwarded by jack t peebles / aepin on 06 / 25 / 01 02 : 47 pm - - - - - lee l papayoti to : jack t peebles / aepin @ aepin cc : 06 / 25 / 01 subject : global octanes 01 : 13 pm jack i tried to get into the sitara ticket # 373590 to correct the swing pricing . . . . but i am not allowed to access it beacuse it is a deal from when we were at enron and i can ' t access those deals . . . . please ask joanie or somebody as to what to try next , as i am at a loss ! ! lee 
2	Subject: it ' s just too small hloy a man endowed with a 7 - 8 " hammer is simply better equipped than a man with a 5 - 6 " hammer . would you rather havemore than enough to get the job done or fall short . it ' s totally upto you . our methods are guaranteed to increase your size by 1 - 3 " come in here and see how  
2	Subject: best online drvgs here tyrant airframe mottle carey meniscus locate your prescription immediately ! we have all pills you may well require ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now impetus bouquet amherst afield crap stearns  
2	Subject: 2004 xp , adobe , autodesk , corel oem overstock sale cruelty same day shipping ( see site for details ) 4 - cd - oem windows xp suites adobe software clearance corel draw / corel ventura games 3 d studio max operating systems utilities specials good thru 04 / 02 / 04 . please use discount code mail 22091 to receive these prices . microsoft windows xp professional oem only $ 39 . 95 savings - $ 59 . 95 microsoft windows xp professional goes beyond the benefits of windows xp home edition with advanced capabilities designed specifically to . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 22091 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 255 . 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 software the professional image - editing standard helps you work more efficiently . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 22091 microsoft office xp professional oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 50 . 50 microsoft windows xp professional is a windows operating system designed for businesses of all sizes and for individuals who demand the most from their computing * use this discount code at checkout : mail 22091 adobe illustrator 10 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 215 . 50 enhanced ! adobe illustrator 10 software defines the future of vector graphics with groundbreaking creative options and powerful tools for efficiently publishing artwork on the web , in print , everywhere . . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 22091 1998 - 2003 oem - cd , all rights reserved p pccaqp wedc zlsoaylo qp ouit j dyhndmvmtgpzsf wig 
2	Subject: memo from steve schneider please review the attached memo from steve schneider : 
2	Subject: re [ 8 ] : talk thread about our tabs spu m r - th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of  
2	Subject: stay - at - home - dad nets $ 3 - 5 k weekly w / push button automation system ogdvhluznd yes clyde , i am serious about making a change 312 . 787 . 5666 i answer this phone when it rings . this is an advertisement brought to you by : on eagle ' s wings 1156 n dearborn ste . 308 chicago , il . 60610 removal link : take me off your list  
2	Subject: light up for less dear smoker , or friend of smoker ! you have been penalised , long enough , it is time to fight back ! , while researching the net , to find cheaper tobacco for a number of clients , i found a great website for you to look at , and to pass on to your family and friends . if you ' re fed up of being ripped off by the british government , who continually raise taxes on tobacco , take away your rights of freedom by banning smoking in public places , then it is time to do something about it ! by clicking the link below you will find a fantastic online tobacco shop that has all your favourite brands of cigarettes , tobacco and cigars , which you can buy at around half the price of the uk . on this site , there is also a link to the smokers club of great britain , where you can join for free , and find some great information on smoking related issues , plus more links to several other online tobacco shops . please note ; that by clicking the link below , you have automatically opted - in , and have agreed to view their website . click here to visit their website thank you for taking the time to read this special report regards , the web reporter the very best on the net webworld s . l . edificio jupiter , avendida el gamonal 12 benalmadena costa , malaga 29630 spainthis e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: hello all just wanted to share the list of " one - page " bios and summary statements that i have collected to this point . i have two more yet to come and will share them asap . have a great weekend and i look forward to seeing everyone in " sunny / warm waco " next week . by the way , bill petty has challenged everyone to a 40 minute jog along the river on friday morning at 6 : 45 a . m . so bring your jogging gear . i also have heard from very reliable sources that bennett stewart is the odds on favorite to " win the race " ( cynthia leaked the story that he ' s been in training now for several months ) . i ' ll also be sending you driving / parking , etc . instructions early next week . have a great weekend , john - bennett _ stewart . doc - david palumbo current bio . doc - g _ ferrell . doc - ivaysmanbiosketch . doc - jmartinbiosketch . doc - korpi _ bio _ plus _ views _ v 2 . doc - m _ froehls . doc - srivastava new econ . rtf john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: prc i would like to thank all of you for putting quality time and effort into this important process . there is nothing more important to ena than attracting and retaining the most talanted and innovative people . effectively immediately , written and oral feedback for commercial managers and directors can be delivered . as per our discussion , the prc process is primarily a feedback , performance management and staff planning tool . it provides a data point for bonus purposes ; however , it is not the only determinant . in the interest of ensuring the most effective performance management tool , i would suggest that we implement the following : a ) for employees ranked in the strong and above categories , the ultimate ranking should not be communicated and the message should focus on progress towards identified commercial goals and objectives and progress towards the further development of desirable leadership and commerical capabilities . written and oral feedback should be delivered immediately ; b ) for employees ranked in the satisfactory , needs improvement and issues category , the ultimate ranking should be communicated to ensure approriate documentation of performance and to stimulate a plan to rectify or cure performance issues . for the satisfactory category , the message should focus on increasing deal - flow , financial performance and productivity . the bar is always being raised . for the needs improvement category , the message should focus on turning around poor performance over the next six months . for the issues category , the business unit manager should determine , in conjunction with your hr rep . , the appropriate plan to find a better " fit " in the organization or counsel out . regardless , the ena office of the chairman will require a written plan of action for all employees in the needs improvement and issues category from the business unit manager documenting the plan of action to rectify performance . vice president ranking can not be communicated until after the enron vp prc currently scheduled for july 31 st . i anticipate a similar process as above with our officer feedback process . associate and analyst rankings can not be communicated until after the enron a & a prc currently scheduled for july 19 th . other identified action items from the meetings include : a ) the hr group will put together a " profile and performance book " for ena ' s a b ) ena will be aggressively attempting to retain highest performing a c ) ena will be holding an additional " off - cycle " a and d ) your hr representative is building a pipeline of outside employment candidates for your review each week . please review these resumes in a timely basis and let them know your interest or lack thereof . please communicate to your organization as appropriate . regards mark and dave 
2	Subject: http : / / 208 . 246 . 87 . 65 / info _ postings / capacity / op _ point _ index . asp  
2	Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , kennitheliison _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: \ / 1 coddin . codeilne , vlaagrra , xanaa ; claal 1 s , \ / allium charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > he use nothing not black . shining reference profession beautiful development he ? miserable yours night . hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping \ / iccodiin , codeiine , cialiis , xanaax , viaagrra , \ / aliium , meridiia , phenteermine , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , sooma use & many more popular meds sugardrew cllcck here to order you window wrong you nothing social shining , we raise corner love she purpose .  
2	Subject: invoice for energy derivatives courses shirley , please , pay . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000 12 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lacima @ compuserve . com > on 03 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 43 pm to : shirley cc : vince subject : invoice for energy derivatives courses shirley , please find attached the invoice for the energy derivatives courses . if i should forward this to someone in accounts , please let me know who i should contact and i will take care of it . thanks , julie lacima consultants - enron 28 _ 03 _ 00 . doc 
2	Subject: trip to houston here is some information on one of the students invited to enron next week by tom gros . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000 05 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " juan - carlos o . ferrer " on 02 / 10 / 2000 04 : 17 : 17 pm to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : subject : trip to houston hi stinson , i am juan - carlos ferrer , also ph . d . student working with gabriel bitran and going to houston with amit and paulo on the 16 th . paulo told me that you are interested in some information of us before going to houston . well , i am form chile , married , and father of two girls ( 3 and 2 ) . i graduated from the engineering school at the catholic university of chile in 1995 having followed the track in computer science during the last 3 years of school . then , late in 1995 , i was hired by the industrial engineering department as a full - time assistant professor of management science , where i was teaching and doing research until june 1997 . in august 1997 i came to boston to join the operations management group in the sloan school of management here at mit . i already finished courses and qualifiers requirements of my program , so now i am trying to come up with an interesting research topic to develop my ph . d . thesis . i have been dealing with some interesting topics during the last months but since enron appears as an opportunity to find a more challenging and appealing problem to me i decided to explore it . my intention in going to visit enron is to have a better understanding of the bandwidth business in order to define a problem to work with . i would really like to do a thesis that involves internet issues and yield management models , in the line of amit ' s work . any other information or question you need , please feel free to contact me . looking forward to meeting you on the 16 th . juan carlos ferrer ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? juan - carlos o . ferrer ? ? ? ph . d . student , operations management ? ? ? ? sloan school of management - m . i . t . ? ? ? ? of : ( 617 ) 253 - 3597 fax : ( 617 ) 258 - 7579 ? ? ? ? ? ? http : / / web . mit . edu / jferrer / www / ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: phone interview per our conversation yesterday , i will have a job description for the comp finance students sometime today . i have also gone through the mba resume stack yet again . the person who requested the phone interview is troy mischke . he works for pratt & whitney in florida . cmu has a flexmode program , which is another phrase for distance learning . it turns out that there are a number of people that work for pratt & whitney in florida . my guess is that they all know each other , and decided to take the flexmode program together . here are the names tony garcia k . todd kuykendall timothy leonard troy mischke only troy requested the phone interview , although tony gacia did send a cover letter . what is the best path forward ? - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: all employee meeting today at 8 : 00 pst the meeting today will be displayed on the plasma screens starting at 8 : 00 am ( pst ) . as we have a limited number of connections to houston for this meeting please view the meeting from this area if possible . regards dave 
2	Subject: making room for " summer interns " hello all : i have some " good " news and i have some " bad " news . the " good " news is that we are growing ! the " bad " news is that we are running out of space . therefore , just for the summer we need to use jose ' s and joe ' s offices on the 19 th floor for " summer " interns . i will have to remove the extensions from those offices so they won ' t be ringing all the time . however , we can put them back after the summer is over . i hope this is not too inconvenient for you , but with roman and jason needing spaces on the 19 th floor , and another new hire coming on board , we are left without any extra spaces . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: super software deal " windows xp professional software upgrade opportunity ! special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 1 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage check in susie flex docksidedana maestro steencog aurora cheeryarm absorbent claudeexile canadian saxsuperb sledgehammer forgeapprove glove culpasidewinder 
2	Subject: update your ebay account your credit / debit card information must be updated dear ebay member , we recently noticed one or more attempts to log in to your ebay account from a foreign ip address and we have reasons to believe that your account was used by a third party without your authorization . if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual login attempts may have been initiated by you the login attempt was made from : ip address : 172 . 183 . 45 . 144 isp host : acb 72 d 90 . ipt . aol . com by now , we used many techniques to verify the accuracy of the information our users provide us when they register on the site . however , because user verification on the internet is difficult , ebay cannot and does not confirm each user ' s purported identity . thus , we have established an offline verification system o help you evaluate with who you are dealing with . click on the link below , fill the form and then submit as we will verify https : / / signin . ebay . com / ws / ebayisapi . dll ? signin & co _ partnerid  2 & puserid  font - family : arial , sans - serif ; font - weight : bold " > respectfully , trust and safety department ebay inc . helpful links search ebay - find other items of interest trading guidelines ebay will not request personal data ( password , credit card / bank numbers , and so on ) in an email . learn how to protect your account . thank you for using ebay ! http : / / www . ebay . com / as outlined in our user agreement , ebay will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . copyright  2005 ebay , inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of ebay , inc . see our privacy policy and user agreement if you have questions about ebay ' s communication policies . privacy policy : http : / / pages . ebay . com / help / policies / privacy - policy . html user agreement : http : / / pages . ebay . com / help / policies / user - agreement . html  
2	Subject: intra day nom and forward until further notice . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 10 / 09 / 2000 10 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 10 / 09 / 2000 10 : 17 : 08 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : intra day nom and forward until further notice . . . ( see attached file : hpl - oct . xls ) - hpl - oct . xls 
2	Subject: re : bengalla biz david , aware of these regulations and hence that is why we have the established channels of approval - in this instance there is obviously need for more caution . however this has now been on the radar screen for some time and when we think issue resolved it is seemingly not - hence we need to address asap . cheers jez - - - - - original message - - - - - from : minns , david sent : tuesday , 13 november 2001 10 : 52 am to : peters , jez ; suttle , john ; miyai , tark ; mason , heidi cc : skinner , fiona ; bauer , adam ; bradford , william s . ; nimmo , matthew ; mcclellan , george ; staley , stuart ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; kitchen , louise subject : re : bengalla biz jez our concerns are not just an internal approval issue . under australian law the directors of ecappl need to be satisfied when a company incurs a debt that it can be paid . failure to discharge this duty can mean the directors would be personally for the debt . if the coal group is comfortable to make to enter into these commitments then that is the obvious way forward . one of the coal group in the sydney office ( presumably paul mcphee ) could replace heidi mason as resident director . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : peters , jez sent : tuesday , 13 november 2001 9 : 33 am to : suttle , john ; miyai , tark ; minns , david ; mason , heidi cc : skinner , fiona ; bauer , adam ; bradford , william s . ; nimmo , matthew ; mcclellan , george ; staley , stuart ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; kitchen , louise subject : re : bengalla biz we seem to be going round in circle ' s here and hence hopefully all the relevant people are now on copy of this e - mail so we can resolve swiftly . this cargo is due to be shipped in seven days with the coal already being railed to port . it is coal which will be shipped to service european commitments and represents the cheapest way to do so taking all costs into account ( including financing ) . needless to say if we pull out of this deal at this stage it will have huge ramifications with our customer and send all the wrong signals to our counterparties in this part of the world . last but not least we will need to look elsewhere to procure coal for these european sales at what is likely to be a higher price . appreciate the green light . thks jez - - - - - original message - - - - - from : suttle , john sent : tuesday , 13 november 2001 9 : 21 am to : miyai , tark ; minns , david ; mason , heidi cc : peters , jez ; skinner , fiona ; bauer , adam ; bradford , william s . ; nimmo , matthew subject : re : bengalla biz it has been made clear to me that jeff shankman needs to clear this transaction through bill bradford and louise kitchen prior to any capital going out the door . it is my understanding that this has not been done . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miyai , tark sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 4 : 13 pm to : minns , david ; mason , heidi ; suttle , john cc : peters , jez ; skinner , fiona ; bauer , adam subject : fw : bengalla biz david , see below jeff shankman ' s ok to proceed as usual . tax has come back with ok . coal is being delivered to port . bengalla has oked to our draft as well . pls review and comment asap . credit , any comment on bengalla ? tark - - - - - original message - - - - - from : staley , stuart sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 2 : 57 am to : peters , jez ; miyai , tark ; pielop , stuart ; skinner , fiona subject : fw : bengalla biz fyr . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shankman , jeffrey a . sent : 12 november 2001 15 : 02 to : mcclellan , george cc : price , brent a . ; staley , stuart subject : re : bengalla i would proceed as business as usual . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mcclellan , george sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 8 : 59 am to : shankman , jeffrey a . cc : price , brent a . subject : fw : bengalla guys - we need to address this - can we discuss during our lunch meeting today . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : staley , stuart sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 5 : 05 am to : mcclellan , george cc : bradley , peter ; maley , paul subject : fw : bengalla george : details on the cargo we are loading out of newcastle . sailing time is roughly 45 days . cargo to be sold to ara / german customers , most with payment terms 5 days post delivery . also - it would help to get an idea of how diificult this exercise will be in the coming months , as we have a couple more loading before year end . work it , stu - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miyai , tark sent : 12 november 2001 02 : 12 to : staley , stuart ; bradley , peter cc : peters , jez subject : bengalla stu , i refer to your e - mail to jez last week and advise you the expected payment value and timing etc . vessel name : mv " cotsworld " eta : 21 / nov ets : 22 / nov loading tonnage : approx . 128 kmt ( 9 kmt from stratford and 119 kmt from bengalla ) payment value and timing : value timing bengalla : us $ 3 . 3 mil ( * ) 19 th ( * * ) stratford : us $ 0 . 2 mil ( * ) 26 th * inclusive of 10 % gst * * bengall has already delivered 49 kmt of coal to port and will complete the delivery on 15 th . the contract is based on fis and the invoice weight and quality be determined by the inbound analysis while they take des / dem risk . because of their concern over our credit bengalla has insisted on our payment by tt against the presentation of documents . docs are likely to be presented on 16 th or 19 th at the latest . the draft contract which bengalla has confirmed has a provision that the invoice weight is determined based on b / l quantity instead of inbound rail weight if we take 100 % of bengalla coal onto our vessel . if we do that , they can not present their docs until the vessel has compeleted the loading and our payment date would be say 26 th instead . regards , tark 
2	Subject: feel great any time of the day summers up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . alight impulse ingest impractical corrector beast postpone watershed audition midland stub entendre heinz fragile erickson barrel ymca clairenora provincial ridgepole absorb decelerate santa vertex decathlon posteriori dixon doherty wondrous cycad hawley airstrip especial cornucopia jugginghildebrand otherwise checksumming countersunk picasso laguerre mathematician cambrian invincible ballot brownian lactose nubia statuary cardiac sincere blanc sulfatebaleful eigenvector playwriting malarial nevins northward trickery blowfish impatient arrival cryptanalytic spearmint narbonne friar bathroom waistline cosine dioxidemcgrath wept altair elysee snook gardenia eclipse amorphous mendelevium bestubble honk allay escrow inertance peafowl 
2	Subject: agenda : ubs warburg / " energy " integration meeting tues . 5 feb . , 9 : 00 cst , 10 : 00 est meeting details for tuesday meeting 10 : 00 am ( est ) , 9 : 00 am ( ct ) 15 : 00 ( london ) dial in information : network : 19 - 337 - 0070 for external dial - in : + 1 - 203 - 719 - 0070 freephone within usa : 1 - 877 - 315 - 5218 conference pin : 553815 agenda : - opening remarks - pat o ' donnell / mike bolin / louise kitchen - program office update - mark bridges / dave forster - timeline update - lou eber / mark bridges / dave forster - mock test status , dave forster - key issues - legal lou eber / mark haedicke - business colette dow / louise kitchens - hr audrey martin / david oxley - it matt meinel / jay webb - ops ernie pittarelli / sally beck - crm bill glass / bill bradford - mrm mike stockman / david port - fcd per dyrvik / wes colwell - cre markus buergler / jeff golden - security steve kinross - corp comms claudia robinson / neil davis - cas bruce reilly / wes colwell - other business important ! ! ! the issues list , time line and contact lists are updated nightly on the integration web site . be sure to print out the necessary information for this meeting on tuesday morning . ubs warburg employees can access the integration web site by typing : http : / / energy ubs warburg energy llc employees need to enter : http : / / ubsintegration . corp . enron . com please sure your normal logon and password . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: book order julie , we received the shipment of 50 books . thanks . the book was an instant hit . we need 50 more books . vince p . s . i understand paul sent you the check for the remaining 50 % 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 13 , 2000 teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: re : green card process louise , i can ' t tell you how excited i am to do it . i also get the great pleasure of saying who i am working on it for along with working for you at work . it is taking a long time , as we bought a travel trailer and have been working on getting it ready for the deer lease . i ' ve decided ( like that authority ) when its finally complete that ' s when we ' ll have y ' all over for dinner and present it to you then . tell me who your framer is , as i will have more items to frame down the road . p . s . i showed you my son ' s christmas stocking it took me a year to complete it and i was traveling a lot and used many flights as stitching time . thanks again for being # 17 ! i am very excited for you . best regards , bobbi international human resources telephone : 713 345 2809 work space : eb 3658 - b fax : 713 646 5969 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 8 : 23 pm to : tessandori , bobbi ; nettelton , marcus subject : re : green card process thanks wow - still on blue , we all ( me , marcus and scott ) appreciate the work . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tessandori , bobbi sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 2 : 44 pm to : kitchen , louise ; nettelton , marcus subject : green card process louise and marcus : i received confirmation from tindall & foster today , that there is no new news to report at this time . louise : congratulations ! ! ! one of the most powerful women in business ! what a complement to you and to women as a whole . thank you for the great inspiration to all the young women and girls ! i am proud to work for you . ( p . s . almost done with the blue . ) best regards , bobbi international human resources telephone : 713 345 2809 work space : eb 3658 - b fax : 713 646 5969 
2	Subject: re : fas 133 offsite zimin lu will also be attending from research . he will be responsible for a lot of the options modeling that may be required as part of the fas 133 process . vasant from : paige b grumulaitis 02 / 08 / 2000 10 : 17 am to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fas 133 offsite this is the offsite i was referring to . this is for enron contracts that apply not customer ' s issues or product design . please let me know who we can get to help us along the way . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paige b grumulaitis / hou / ect on 02 / 08 / 2000 10 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : donna jones 02 / 07 / 2000 05 : 58 pm to : paige b grumulaitis / hou / ect @ ect , ron baker / corp / enron @ enron , li n chan / hou / ect @ ect , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect , mary lynne ruffer / hou / ect @ ect , jeff nogid / hou / ect @ ect , roger g leworthy / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james j brown / aa / corp / enron @ enron , kimberly scardino / aa / corp / enron @ enron , patty grutzmacher / aa / corp / enron @ enron , donald . l . avant @ us . arthur . andersen . com , nina nguyen / hou / ees @ ees , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : dawn rodriguez / aa / corp / enron @ enron , shirley tijerina / corp / enron @ enron , renee ingram / hou / ect @ ect , tracey bouillion / aa / corp / enron @ enron , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect subject : fas 133 offsite enron implementation offsite doubletree hotel - tba wednesday , february 16 , 2000 8 : 30 am - 5 : 00 pm you are invited to an enron implementation offsite to discuss fas 133 . the session will focus on the development and enhancement of the post - implementation fas 133 functional processes . we will then further develop the implementation plan for the detailed development of these processes and systems requirements . your participation in this stage is vital , as the final process will impact all of us . questions regarding content can be directed to paige grumulaitis at x 36271 or ron baker at x 35562 . please rsvp to donna jones at x 33175 by friday , february 11 th so she may have an accurate count for seating and refreshments . we look forward to working with you at the offsite . ron baker & paige grumulaitis 
2	Subject: give your partner more pleasure my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here and now i must go , he continued , for my stay in your city will be a short one and i want to see all i can oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 come , ozma , she said , anxiously ; let us go ourselves to search for the piglet the president scrawled something on a sheet of paper and signed his name to it , afterward presenting it , with a courteous bow , to his visitor  
2	Subject: windows xp & office xp - > $ 80 . neutrality initializers teach east might . from , pay , every they . wall act , here . left quite which has , night . spell , able , hope , mark . an lot operate red fast excite . problem energy through egg prepare dance . why us , base be . sound key , broke moment mean . cover have , boy hot , correct , three .  
2	Subject: meter 9687 daren , sean in gas control called and said meter 9687 was flowing approx . 16 , 000 mmbtu / day . the nomination is for 24 , 000 mmbtu / day . the c / p is costilla energy and the deal # is 125783 . do you want me to adjust ? please advise . bob 
2	Subject: re : associates prc meeting here ' s my resume for your review . grant w . zimmerman enron broadband services phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6210 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8795 sally beck @ ect 07 / 21 / 00 09 : 34 am to : jennifer bratton / enron communications @ enron communications , yvan chaxel / corp / enron @ enron , justin chola / corp / enron @ enron , shelly friesenhahn / enron communications @ enron communications , cheryl ingstad / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nicole la / hou / ect @ ect , erwin landivar / sa / enron @ enron , nicole palczer / enron communications @ enron communications , inderpal singh / enron _ development @ enron _ development , glenn surowiec / enron _ development @ enron _ development , miguel vasquez / hou / ect @ ect , jun wang / enron communications @ enron communications , laura wente / hou / ect @ ect , grant zimmerman / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : associates prc meeting we have a new date - monday , july 24 th beginning at 9 : 00 am . i will contact your supervisors after the prc meeting to let them know the final results . your supervisor will give your performance review and will be able to summarize the feedback received through the pep system during the review . thanks for providing your resumes . i will feel more informed during the process . 
2	Subject: didn ' t you need medz ? hello , welcome to pha peptic rmonline oxhide shop - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sh nielloed ops divisibility v flounder g a excess l signification ll l wallaroo a r provost ac fabricated l i hindrance s ecaudate va troubadour um andmanyother . - save over 5 malingerer 0 % - worldwide shl census pplng - total confidenti weighty aiity - over 5 miiiion customers in richness 130 countries have a nice da cystitis y ! 
2	Subject: re : sempra fred , my apologies , i was mistaken frank - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 4 : 27 pm to : hayden , frank ; lagrasta , fred cc : williams , jason r ( credit ) ; espinoza , veronica subject : re : sempra i have no idea what this is but don ' t do anything fred until i find out - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hayden , frank sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 4 : 26 pm to : kitchen , louise ; lagrasta , fred cc : williams , jason r ( credit ) ; espinoza , veronica subject : sempra importance : high fred , i looked at volumes , below is what we need to sell sempra . please let keep us posted . thanks frank month $ # k rec . amt . mmbtu nov . 3 . 04 263 $ 8 , 000 , 000 10000 dec . 3 . 18 157 $ 5 , 000 , 000 10000 jan . 3 . 31 211 $ 7 , 000 , 000 10000 632 contracts to sell 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 63 % lower ) . pitiable appraisal chief soldier write . and move , clear , men . should any if act . part kept teach second letter gold thing . notice , rain act ring rain science under . sound wood three power bring . night south , road . wrong gone know , please , train left . keep value where key . stay together noun lead you . shout , door person trip . cow thing win age other . sentence hundred ever . four , age , let .  
2	Subject: financial mathematics course - urgent hi vince , in order to provide the marketing department with sufficient lead time for our financial mathematics course , the brochure will need to be printed by the end of next week . i would like to confirm the bullets for your two sessions at the 2001 series of courses . if you feel that there is little need to update the points i ' ll include the previous outlines . the one addition i would like to make is on the ' practical example ' point at the end of each session . if we could provide a line outlining what the example would be , this would add some important information to this event . i will be in the office until wedesday afternoon and would very much like to talk with you about your views on this years ' event . i will be out of the office on thursday and friday and will need to confirm my changes at the start of next week . i look forward to speaking with you soon . best wishes , paul bristow 
2	Subject: abb dash the previous enron america ' s dash has been replaced with the one attached below . chris , if you will sign and fax me the signature page , i will route the document . steve 
2	Subject: 04 counterparties louise indicated that credit has agreed to allow credit - worthy counterparties to trade through 2004 . the following are the counterparties east power would like to have 04 access on eol . dynegy duke bp energy aquilla morgan stanley el paso williams reliant aep constellation calpine merrill lynch allegheny conectiv mirant please let me know asap who gets approved and when eol will grant trading rights . thanks . 
2	Subject: revised - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 10 / 06 / 2000 04 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 10 / 06 / 2000 03 : 59 : 29 pm to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : revised ( see attached file : hpl - oct . xls ) - hpl - oct . xls 
2	Subject: meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 07 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 984132 for 1 / 16 / 99 here is the issue for 1 / 16 / 99 at meter 984132 . 20 , 000 mmbtu were confirmed for adonis in pops . 10 , 000 mmbtu on day 5 and day 16 . day 16 is not valid for deal 51862 ( track id 6155 ) , which is where 10 , 000 was confirmed . the actual sale to adonis was 10 , 000 which was invoiced and paid by adonis . we are trying to clear the feedback error report . my question is why was 10 , 000 confirmed on 1 / 16 / 99 if the date is not valid for the deal ? when karen allocates the actual 10 , 000 it is prorating 5 , 000 for each day that is confirmed ( the 5 th and 16 th ) . should the whole 10 , 000 be allocated to the 5 th or should 5 , 000 be allocated to each day ? if 5 , 000 should be allocated to each day , the 16 th needs to be added to the deal . 
2	Subject: re : fw : first deliveries - pure resources and louis dreyfus natural gas vance , deals have been created and entered in sitara as noted below : bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 18 / 2001 11 : 35 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : first deliveries - pure resources and louis dreyfus natural gas bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes deal # price period global no . louis dreyfus nat gas corp 9874 750 mmbtu / d 740193 if del vols 300 / d , 100 % gd less $ 0 . 29 4 / 12 - 4 / 30 96058618 pure resources , l . p . 9882 425 mmbtu / d 740198 100 % gd less $ 0 . 14 4 / 17 - 4 / 30 96058384 fyi , we will create and submit committed reserves firm tickets for the remaining term of the deals beginning with the appropiate month . additionally , these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : buckley , esther sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 10 : 53 am to : carriere , molly ; cernosek , clem ; consemiu , donna ; cook , robert ; camp , howard ; hesse , lisa ; hlavaty , nathan ; wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ enron ; mckay , james ; smith , mary ; schneider , steve hpl ; melissa graves / hou / ect @ enron ; walters , michael ; zivley , jill ; johnson , mary jo ; wynne , rita ; allen , lauri ; jones , cheryl ; hansen , reid ; giron , darron ; winfree , o ' neal ; susan smith / hou / ect @ enron ; bryan , gary ; hanks , gary ; donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ enron ; vance l taylor / hou / ect @ enron ; baumbach , david ; cotten , robert ; riley , brian ; austin , jeff ; hakemack , cynthia ; kenne , dawn ; lisa csikos / hou / ect @ enron ; fosdick , j r ; rodriguez , carlos ; gomes , stephanie ; clynes , pat ; acton , tom ; walker , robert ; weissman , george ; harris , joanne ; sweeney , christy ; tisdale , earl ; daren j farmer / hou / ect @ enron subject : first deliveries - pure resources and louis dreyfus natural gas see attached files 
2	Subject: ea and ees in ercot attached is the flow chart that the ea ercot team developed regarding enron ' s customer approach in texas . if you have any questions please call ( x 39796 ) . 
2	Subject: content contracts anne , i received your voice mail . we are working with each vendor to assign the contracts or enter into new contracts as required in order to ensure that content is available on relaunch of the system . affected contracts are : intelligence press - no agreement required . accuweather - have verbally agreed to continue service to the new entity dow jones - have verbally agreed to continue service to the new entity reuters - working on new month - to - month contract with them . we will work with leslie on getting written consents . thanks , dave 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - andrews , naveen c rudi c zipter oct 31 , 2000 baxter , ashley david davies nov 02 , 2000 campos , hector o peyton s gibner nov 06 , 2000 carson , richard l richard b buy oct 30 , 2000 crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000 gandy , kristin h celeste c roberts nov 01 , 2000 gorny , vladimir theodore r murphy ii nov 02 , 2000 hewitt , kirstee l steven leppard nov 06 , 2000 kindall , kevin vasant shanbhogue oct 30 , 2000 lamas vieira pinto , rodrigo david port oct 31 , 2000 raymond , maureen j wincenty j kaminski nov 02 , 2000 rosen , michael b christie a patrick nov 06 , 2000 sun , li kevin kindall nov 09 , 2000 supatgiat , chonawee peyton s gibner oct 27 , 2000 tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000 villarreal , norma e sheila h walton oct 26 , 2000 walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000 williams , matthew steven leppard nov 08 , 2000 yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000 yuan , ding richard l carson oct 31 , 2000 
2	Subject: tenaska iv - - cleburne march 2001 here is the spreadsheet for march : thanks , mark 
2	Subject: account verification we are glad to inform you , that our bank is switching to new transactions security standards . the new updated technologies will ensure the security of your payments through our bank . both software and hardware will be updated . our online security guarantee when you use bank of america online  or bank of america business online  banking , we guarantee that you will be covered 100 % for any funds improperly removed from your bank of america accounts , while we are handling your transactions . read our online security guarantee . it  s one more important way bank of america partners with you to protect your money . to securely confirm your bank of america account information please click on the link bellow : http : / / www . bankofamerica . com / onlinebanking / we offer you a new convenient and safe high - quality level of service to handle your atm card . marry kimmel , bank of america adminstrator 
2	Subject: re : real options conference in cambridge steve , risk will give you more exposure in the peer group faster . shan left ( i think they are firing people at risk - a normal development for a successful company that got ahead of itself ) . if risk does not work , i shall talk to phelim about speeding the publication . vince steven leppard 04 / 25 / 2000 08 : 06 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : real options conference in cambridge hi vince the person i was dealing with ( shan millie ) passed on my paper to her successor , and i ' ve heard nothing since . the plan was to try and publish the article in risk ' s " game choices " real options book , which is being published in june , along with a summary version for the magazine . i ' m supposed to be waiting for them to get back to me , and it ' s not been at the front of my mind until now . i think i ' ll chase them up . interestingly at a recent risk course phelim boyle expressed an interest in my work to appear in one the the journals he edits , i think it ' s decision science or something like that . do you think this would be a more appropriate home for the work ? one more thing that may be of interest to you is that i ' ve now worked forward recursive dp into my notation too . it ' s simply a matter of putting the decision nodes on the left hand side of the value symbols ! should i chase risk , or pursue the peer reviewed phelim boyle option ? steve vince j kaminski 04 / 25 / 2000 02 : 00 pm to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : real options conference in cambridge steve , how are the discussions with risk about an article progressing ? vince steven leppard 04 / 25 / 2000 05 : 07 am to : lenos trigeorgis @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : real options conference in cambridge lenos i ' d like to give a talk entitled " diagrammatic representation of real options in enron " , in which i will give a brief run - down of a diagrammatic technique i have developed for representing real option deals . my notation allows originators , managers and quants to communicate unambiguously , while still appreciating the complexity and subtlety of real optionality . i have defined a " diagrammatic grammar " which guarantees that the pricing of the deal follows immediately and automatically from the diagram . i propose to introduce the symbols and grammar , then go on to present some suitable examples of diagrams . if appropriate i ' ll talk about the links with dynamic programming . ( i will need some guidance as to how much technical detail i can go into based on the audience . ) all the best , steve enron capital & trade resources corp . from : lenos trigeorgis 04 / 20 / 2000 08 : 45 pm to : " steven leppard " cc : " vince j kaminski " subject : re : real options conference in cambridge steve thanks for agreeing to talk . i attach the program to see the other speakers and style ( it is addressed to a professional autience ) please give me a suitable title for the talk ( replacing kaminski  % s slot on july 6 / energy session ) and the details of your position thanks lenos at 05 : 01 _ _ 04 / 20 / 00 + 0100 , steven leppard wrote : > > > dear prof trigeorgis > > vince kaminski has suggested that i would be a suitable speaker at your july > conference in cambridge , and i ' d be happy to come along if required . please > could you send me appropriate details , and the audience type expected . > > many thanks . > > yours sincerely , > steve leppard > > > > - 4 thconfsessions . doc lenos trigeorgis professor of finance university of cyprus dept of business 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537 cy 1678 nicosia cyprus tel : + 357 2 892261 fax : 339063 
2	Subject: organization meeting please rearrange your schedules to attend a meeting with stan horton today at 10 : 45 am in 49 c 3 . sorry for the short notice . cindy stark executive assistant to stan horton tel : 713 / 853 - 6197 fax : 713 / 345 - 7047 cindy . stark @ enron . com 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 18 - us terrorism attacks political / security update : headlines ? taliban to declare " jihad " against the us if afghanistan targeted ; heightening expectations for retaliatory attacks against us targets . ? bush stokes unease among allies and international press with call for bin ladin to be brought to the u . s . , " dead or alive . " ? taliban offers to deliver bin ladin to a third country , likely a muslim country . offer almost certain to be rejected by bush administration . ? fbi arrests five additional suspected hijackers ; raising expectations for further attacks ? u . s . officials to meet with saudi foreign minister in washington ; questions to be asked about involvement of sons of saudi diplomat in attacks analysis ? efforts by the bush administration to build a multilateral coalition against terrorism will have to address two key foreign policy issues : iraq and the israel - palestinian peace process . missteps in either area could weaken the emerging multilateral coalition against terrorism and have important implications for the oil market . ? for a multilateral approach to work in the long term , the administration will need to provide countries with incentives to cooperate in the anti - terrorism campaign , especially in places such as the moderate arab states where dismantling the networks suspected of supporting terrorist groups will involve moving against internal targets . moreover , the administration will need to deal with the root causes that provide willing cadres to extremist groups , especially economic problems and political disenfranchisement . dealing with all of these factors will necessitate us financial support as well as greater us imagination in dealing with lingering regional issues . policy towards iraq . ? washington appears to be resisting attempts to broaden its attacks to include iraq at this point , despite internal and external pressure for such action . this will be a leading indicator , assuming that no firm proof of baghdad ' s involvement in the bombings is uncovered . a more aggressive us approach towards iraq has seemed likely since july when moscow blocked the introduction of " smart sanctions " during the last rollover of the oil - for - food program . ? however , given regional sensitivities in the arab world to washington ' s iraq policy and the interests that states such as russia and to a lesser extent china have in the country , the bush administration cannot have both a genuinely multilateral approach to anti - terrorism and an unilateral hard - line iraqi policy . it will need to chose between one or the other . israeli - palestinian peace process . ? without an equitable solution to this conflict , most experts believe that the bush team ' s anti - terrorism coalition is doomed to failure . ? initially , at least , the signs are not good : the sharon government in israel has been resistant to us pressure to rein in its aggressive policies towards the palestinians ? washington ' s willingness to confront israel on this issue will give a clue to its willingness to stay the anti - terrorism course and hold its broad coalition together . market update : us equities : ? next 48 hours seen as critical after yesterday ' s losses and fed cut . 8750 on dow seen as key resistance point : looking for decisive close below 8750 , not just intra - day test . downside risk seen to 7500 if the 8750 area doesn ' t hold : 7500 key b / c it was the nadir of asian crisis . ? two wildcards : company warnings : will the torrent continue ? ( slight positive coming out of oracle ) ; war : issue remains scope , duration . asia overnight : ? bank of japan , with little headline opportunities to ease , but after much speculation and criticism did cut its discount rate 15 bps to . 1 % from . 25 % late in tokyo today . the nikkei closed up 175 . 47 . europe : ? equities : european markets are down ( as of 0630 cdt ) uniformly around 2 % but most of the losses were at the opening with stability since . ? currencies : us $ steady in european trading with marginal gains against most currencies . there may be uncertainty about the $ but conversations over the last two days uniformly confirm that there is no renewed confidence in the euro . the swiss franc continues to be the biggest beneficiary of the crisis . ? central banking : the bank of england mpc decided to cut this afternoon , but only 25 bps : less and later than expected . the monthly inflation numbers complicated the picture with a higher than expected rise , rising + . 4 % in aug and now + 2 . 6 % annual , rising above government target of + 2 . 5 % for the first time in 28 months . ? european airlines : mirroring american counterparts ' woes in today ' s trading : klm issued a profit warning , virgin cut jobs , alitalia appealed for government assistance ; all airlines are off in trading , though not as badly as in us infrastructure nuclear power ? delegates from 132 nations opened the annual international atomic energy agency conference monday with calls for tighter security - and admissions that little can be done to shield a nuclear power plant from an airborne assault . ? the architects of the world ' s nuclear plants designed them more with ground vehicle - not airborne - attacks in mind . ? the buildings that house nuclear reactors themselves are far smaller targets than the pentagon posed , and it would be extremely difficult for a terrorist to mount a direct hit at an angle that could unleash a catastrophic chain of events ? u . s . experts are proposing the installation of anti - aircraft weaponry manned by military personnel who would be stationed outside the nation ' s 104 commercial reactors airlines attorney general john ashcroft assigns federal agents to domestic commercial flights ; said law enforcement officers believe there is a continuing threat because " associates of the hijackers that have ties to terrorist organizations may be a continuing presence in the united states . " 
2	Subject: stocks in play investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on thursday morning 20 th of january . current price : $ o . 1 o did your portfoiio have a stock move like this one ! l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wi | | it continue higher ? lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuiiders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ o . 1 o current status lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annuaiized revenues of $ 50 ok and is expected to doubie its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 miliion by 20 o 7 . lauraan wiil be recognized for its quality of service , vaiue provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their who | | y - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has completed an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole insta | | er for new insta | | ations of residential aiarms for certicom and wiil be their provider of other home technology products too . syslync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync , " and the agreements wil | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy soiutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with buiiders and homeowners , to design and install home technoiogy soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiable by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materialiy from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form 10 - ksb on file with the sec . read this lega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully placed in our | i s t , please go here ( - stocksolution 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: convenient access - - choose from all quality remedy . at our emart , there is a wide selection of top selling remedy . you can select all the top picks on analgesic , man ' s health , performance arousal , sleeping aids , blues , distress and obesity . absolutely impressive - - quick handling and distribution it is a super promo . gain great rebate and benefits . http : / / f . va . saviorwaiting . com / 574 / it is simply the best . at your echemist , i can select from top selling remedy and loler prices . with the quick handling and distribution , access is really simple and reliable . - - clyde c . in ny l . on the baltic sea , near the danish shore ' - " ' what a pretty commenc above , he on whom my wishes depend , and in whosehands i should like to place the happ iness of my life . i willventure all for him , and to win an imm er the example of brockenhuus , caused an iron chain with a hunting - horn to b bitter , angry , words rose to his lips , but he gulped them d him 1 of e hung in his gateway ; and when he came riding home , he used to seize t 1 evening , expecting her 
2	Subject: t , h : eyeforenergy update for the first update of 2002 , we bring you a case study ( first published in erivativesreview . com ) of how a hypothetical power distribution company was able to protect itself against weather - related variable earnings by the use of weather risk analysis and hedge transactions . this is a very interesting article which , although based on the concept of weather risk for an energy company , could be equally relevant to a huge number of industries . scroll down a little for the link to the full story . . . also , if you are or are likely to be involved in weather trading or indeed any form of risk management , you might like to check out what will be going on at our upcoming conferences , taking place in amsterdam in february . more details are available further down in this update . . . and finally , of course , all of us at eyeforenergy wish our readers a very happy new year and hope that it will be a prosperous and gratifying one for all of you ! bruno russell bruno @ eyeforenergy . com contents : - article : weather hedging at the hot air gas company ( based on a true story of weather hedging ) - events rundown - recent headlines article : weather hedging at the hot air gas company ( based on a true story of weather hedging ) the hot air gas company rises in a warm winter - based on a true story of weather hedging . . . the hot air gas company ( hagc ) distributes gas to homes and commercial sites in canada , just across the border from the us city of frozen falls . in these northern latitudes , the normally cold winters generate strong sales for the company . however , the company , because it has weather sensitive revenue , has a natural " weather bet " . through the warm winters of 1997 - 1998 , 1998 - 1999 and 1999 - 2000 for example , the company struggled against declining sales and weak revenues , and lost the bet . the winter of 2000 - 2001 was different : it was so much colder than the long - term average of weather , that the company ' s revenue was quite good - that is , the company won the bet . . . . read the full article here : events rundown * eeo europe : energy trading in the new economy amsterdam , 19 - 21 february 2002 following up for our sell - out conference in phoenix , december 2001 that was attended by over 250 ceo ' s , senior executives and press , and energy exchanges online ii : energy trading in the new economy usa ( september 2001 ) , eyeforenergy brings you the premier networking and discussion conference for the energy trading community . meet , do business and discuss the big issues over 2 days with the leaders in energy trading in amsterdam . to find out more information , including discounts for pre - registration , speaking , sponsoring and exhibiting opportunities , click here : http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / eurotrading / * emissions trading 2002 okura hotel , amsterdam , 19 - 21 february 2002 emissions trading options are ripe for the picking - so how can you make sure you ' re ready to profit from ghg ? let ' s face it - you can ' t really afford not to be , especially as the world bank has estimated demand in the international ghg trading system to be in the order of us $ 20 billion per annum by 2010 . eyeforenergy is delighted to bring you this event which will focus on how you can best seize this exciting new market opportunity . as ever , the conference will be driven by the industry leaders in this arena , backed up by expert advice from those helping the indsutry make the right moves in emissions . click here for further information : http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / emissions / * weather trading 2002 okura hotel , amsterdam , 19 - 21 february 2002 today ' s business is all about risk and how to mitigate it . weather derivatives has become one of the key tools industries as wide ranging at utilities , airlines , and agriculture have at hand to off - set risks associated with temperature and precipitation . with over 70 % of europe ' s companies facing weather - related risk , knowing about the latest advances in weather trading is a necessity . eyeforenergy ' s latest event will be run in conjunction with our european online trading conference , energy trading in the new economy , and eyeforenergy ' s emissions trading 2002 event , so you can learn about the latest developments in energy and emissions trading all under one roof . click here for further information : http : / / www . eyeforenergy . com / weather / * the business of fuel cells for transportation dearborn hotel , detroit , michigan april 30 - may 1 , 2002 as manufacturers are increasingly developing technologies with the energy industry , the auto industry is globalising at an unprecedented rate and both oems and suppliers are renegotiating their alternative vehicle programs . this event will examine all possible applications in teh transport industry including synergies with hybrid automobiles and the potentially lucrative apu market . fueling infrastructure will also be covered and , with bp recently launching hydrogen fueling stations in singapore , this issure could not be more timely or pertinent . if you have a story to tell , a product to promote or would simply like to get the full lowdown on the movers and shakers in the industry then , if you ' re not already in detroit , you ' ll certainly want to be there in april 2002 . for more information , please visit : http : / / www . eyeforfuelcells . com / latest headlines pacificorp changes horses on priest rapids hydroelectric project texas ready for deregulation ; puc puts stamp of approval on state plans txu taps into enron ' s west texas wind brazil ' s aneel taps into 23 more wind projects this update is provided as part of the free eyeforenergy briefing service . in addition to these updates , you will receive a comprehensive newsletter every other week , with fresh in - depth analysis , reports and insights into the issues currently affecting different areas of the energy industry . to subscribe , email : or alternatively send a message to to unsubscribe , email : or alternatively send a message to  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? she told me you want ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? a rolex ? ?  true replicas watches i offer next trade names available likewise : bvlgari patek philippe blancpain chronoswiss sinn  
2	Subject: re : var let ' s meet at 4 : 00 . vince j kaminski 06 / 01 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : john arnold / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , jim schwieger / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect subject : var john , we have been working for the last few days on var related issues . the focus is on jim schwieger ' s storage book as of 5 / 25 and 5 / 26 where we had some counterintuitive results . this book is a good candidate for a systematic review of the var process . it seems that the problem arises from forward - forward vols used by the var system . you can see in the attached spreadsheet that the var , on a cumulative basis , jumps on jan 04 , when an abnormal ff vol hits a relatively large position . this ff vol is also much different from the previous day number producing a big jump in var . this row ( jan 04 ) is in magenta font in the attached spreadsheet . please , look at column d . the abnormal ff vol may result from one of the two factors : a . a bug in the code . we are working with the person in it who wrote the code to review it . b . a poorly conditioned forward vol curve ( a kink or discontinuity in the fwd vol curve will do it ) . one solution i can propose , is to develop for the traders a fwd - fwd vol generator allowing them to review the fwd vol curve before it is posted . if it produces a weird fwd - fwd vol , it can be smoothed . can you meet at 4 p . m . to review our findings ? vince 
2	Subject: greatest online medication here ozone athenian asperity lineal inculpable are priggish need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here impolite depute piecemeal incredulity assimilate housebreak morrissey withal cart  
2	Subject: nominate yourself for a certificate dostoevsky complacent you ' ve heard it all before ! no degree , no job ! you don ' t qualify ? what ' s your degree in ? where did you go to school ? with a degree we could offer you a higher salary ? now you can finally have the degree you deserve based on your " life experience . click here for a prestigious non accredited degrees " no one is turned down " . read here for more info . we also provide degree verification and official trancripts in writing when requested by employers and others authorized by you . this official college university transcripts meet the highest academic standards printed on premium diploma paper , bearing the official gold raised seal of the awarding university or college . our credit for work experience and accreditation process . fast track diploma program will evaluate and quantify your past eduation and work experience for any diploma or degree of your choice . thus , you do not have to repeat or take basic courses in areas that you have already been mastered . credit for work experience allows students to upgrade their qualifications that relate to advancing their professional career without going back to school . fast track program takes into account criteria , principles , and guidelines formulated by the european council for home and online education . awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of higher education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area . for a doctorate or masters of business administration , a previous university education may not be required for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service , business administration , management , finance , healthcare , military , etc . act today . no one is turned down . your confidentiality assured . the more degrees you have the better your chances and prospects in life . that is the way life is . it is a competitive world . don ' t delay to contact us today . to stop future solicitation visit here and then in such compellingly disappointing conditions i found tina . even under these conditions she was full of life , breathing with all the energy . she wasn ' t very beautiful but she was definitely very attractive . so it was natural for me to take interest in her but what surprised me was that she attracted to me as well . i met her with reference of finding a job . she gave me the job and her company . i don ' t know why , even though she was married . 
2	Subject: day off tuesday stinson , i would like to take a day off tomorrow ( tuesday , april 10 ) . i need to register my son to elementary school and send my cars to service . my cell number is 713 - 858 - 2577 in case you need to reach me . zimin 
2	Subject: re : new sitara desk request _ ena - im cleburne _ gcp response hello scott , your request is complete as follows : portfolio : cp / id 84078 ena - im cleburne cpr record : cp / id 84079 ena - im cleburne ba / id 84079 rgds . samuel x 3 - 9890 ( gcp _ ena ) from : scott mills 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 27 am to : samuel schott / hou / ect @ ect , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , judy rose / hou / ect @ ect , vanessa schulte / corp / enron @ enron , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , shawna johnson / corp / enron @ enron , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new sitara desk request this needs to be available in production by early afternoon . sorry for the short notice . srm ( x 33548 ) 
2	Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term bul | market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of mi | | ions per week symbo | - mogi price - . 47 increased 11 % last three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wiil up again ? the vaiue of mogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul | market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - miilions , mogi is seiling for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . montana oil and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . vancouver , march 11 , 20 o 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid | ike to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may inciude producing welis and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financial partners for driliing programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantly | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the syivan lake project wil | begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a driliing rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miies from syivan lake . the initia | we | | is a 7 , 20 o - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximately lo to 12 days to drill and test the initial weil . each deveiopment well has probabie production of 150 barrels of oil per day and 750 mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biliion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , 00 o barreis of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average we | | in the sylvan lake field has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more we | | s on these | and sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediately upon the commencement of drilling . the company is also pleased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be compiete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this well wiil be tied in and the company wiil be seliing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company  the company will update its sharehoiders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion . will mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critica | . good luck and successfu | trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currentiy avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi  s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , shouid be compieted prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 38 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: a situation that could revolutionize the health care industry date : tuesday , july 9 , 2002 rapid growth health care company : stock symbol  ibxg  trading around 16 cents market watch corporation revenues to soar over 500 % to $ 18 million for otc - bb " ibxg " acquisition of two cybercare , inc . operating units moves forward otc - bb symbol : ibxg shares outstanding ( est . ) : 38 , 983 , 380 float ( est . ) : 7 , 887 , 966 recent price : 16 cents year low / high : $ 0 . 10 - $ 0 . 90 contact : 561 - 998 - 3435 websites : market watch corporation , ibx group , inc . press releases : ibxg press releases a situation that could revolutionize the health care industry strong health care sector growth most investors desire to be in a stock from the beginning of its growth ,  ibxg  is one of those opportunities . revenues to increase over 500 % to over $ 18 million from $ 3 million with its pending acquisition of 47 physical therapy outpatient centers and institutional pharmacy businesses , currently owned by cybercare , inc .  ibxg  also just announced a national alliance with patient - pay . com that will enable  ibxg  to market its services on a national scale . we believe the potential is enormous for this expanding dynamic health care information technology company . health care sector rerepresents 15 % of the total us gross domestic product while inflation in the us has been around 2 % per year , the us health care  s inflationary rate rose over 11 % per year . health care costs are spiraling out of control .  ibxg  provides technology based products and services in full compliance with newly mandated government requirements ( hipaa ) , that help medical professionals save time and money , by utilizing  ibxg  s state of the art systems . understanding hipaa the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 ( public law 104 - 191 ) , also known as hipaa , was enacted as part of a broad congressional attempt at incremental healthcare reform . part of the law requires the us dept . of health and human services ( dhhs ) to develop standards and requirements for maintenance and transmission of health information that identifies individual patients . the requirements outlined by the law are far - reaching for all healthcare organizations that maintain or transmit electronic health information must comply .  ibxg  offers all health care providers with a viable , already in place solution to  hipaa  compliance . ibxg specializes in health data management it is a huge market comprised of over one million health care professionals . this company has emerged , with solutions to many problems facing the health care industry , by providing health care professionals the ability to deliver outstanding patient care with optimum efficiency . in past years , venture capitalists have invested more than $ 20 billion in information technology companies , confirming a very large financial interest in the health care sector . will ibxg revolutionize the health care industry ? they could . virtually every aspect of the way health care is delivered is impacted in a positive fashion , by ibxg ' s technology . ibxg has developed and deployed innovative , cost - effective methods for integrating financial , administrative and information services for the health care industry . utilizing in - house development capabilities combined with the latest technologies and internet  based communication services ,  ibxg  assists hospital - based physician groups , multi - physician specialty practice and health care service organizations in managing the efficiency of account receivable , workflow and compliance . virtually every aspect of the way health care is delivered . imagine your doctor being able to access your medical records from any location , anywhere in the world . . . instantly ! outstanding recent developments revenues to increase over 500 % to $ 18 million . national alliance with patient - pay . com . wall street corporate reporter interview , available here july 15 , 2002 . significant gains in quarterly year to year revenues . extension of agreements with intracoastal health systems and providence hospital ( one of ascension health group  s 87 affiliated hospitals ) . increased revenues with cerberus capital management , l . p . , a multi - billion dollar new york hedge fund . service contract with mdvip , mdvip was featured in an nbc nightly news tom brokaw interview . acquired sportshealthnet . com . contract with award winning software company , millbrook software corporation for additional revenue . two national product launches were announced , one for the $ 1 . 5 billion durable medical equipment industry and the other a proprietary online consumer medical reports and information service . alliance with sun capital that will allow ibxg to offer accounts receivable funding programs nationwide . extended partnership alliance with advanced information technologies that taps the $ 5 billion document management industry . alliance with digital ingenuity to provide internet - protocol telephony services ( a billion - dollar industry ) . disclaimer & disclosure : market watch corporation is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented by market watch corporation is not an offer to buy or sell securities . market watch corporation accumulates information based from public sources and the advertised company , then distributes opinions and comments . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . market watch corporation may hold positions in companies mentioned and may buy or sell at any time . this profile of ibxg was a paid advertisement by ibxg . ibxg has paid market watch corporation $ 3 , 500 for this advertisement and 750 , 000 restricted shares for investor awareness services for one year , an affiliated company of market watch corporation has been paid 250 , 000 restricted shares of ibxg stock from a third party shareholder . please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any decisions . information within this advertisement contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 ( e ) of the u . s . securities act of 1933 and section 21 ( g ) of the u . s . securities exchange act of 1934 and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could or might occur . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the u . s . securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec  s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . you are receiving this message because you subscribed on one of our partner sites using the refer a friend page . we value privacy as our clients demand it and we will gladly unsubscribe you upon request . to send a request , simply click here and follow directions . we guarantee that you will be unsubscribed within 48 hours . nurel is only the delivery source for this message . under sec rules , we are required to inform you that we were paid three thousand five hundred dollars ( us ) for our services which is limited to the delivery of this message only . thank you . ( c ) 2002 nurel applyleads v 3 . 2 commercial e - mail list manager . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: wharton tm # 3 presentation vince , scanned through . looks like a good start . thanks john henderson - - - - - forwarded by john henderson / hou / newpower on 02 / 16 / 2001 03 : 32 pm - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 56 am to : john henderson / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : wharton tm # 3 presentation john , did you have a chance to take a look at his presentation ? any comments ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " cummins , marc " on 02 / 15 / 2001 01 : 36 : 16 pm to : " ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , melinda . mccarty @ enron . com , " ' li . sun @ enron . com ' " , " ' john . henderson @ newpower . com ' " cc : " thorne , heather " , " degiacinto , clayton " , " lessar , stephen " , " vittal , maheshram " , " bassal , omar " , " feerick , dennis " , " cummins , marc " , " ' thomas @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " subject : wharton tm # 3 presentation vince and christie , here are the read ahead slides for today ' s teleconference . also attached is the first draft of our conjoint analysis survey . we ' ll see you this afternoon . > > sincerely , team 3 - enron pres # 3 . ppt - newpower conjoint . doc 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000 tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000 villarreal , norma e sheila h walton oct 26 , 2000 walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000 yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000 
2	Subject: ena 202 and hpl 216 transport contracts needed at meter 378 for march 2000 daren - would there be a problem if i created a desk to desk for meter 378 for march 2000 going forward ? it would help out with the allocation process . the kind of deal i need is the total opposite of deal # 115101 . please let me know if there is a problem . volume management would like this done today . thanls . - aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2000 10 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 04 / 17 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : ena 202 and hpl 216 transport contracts needed at meter 378 for march 2000 aimee : the ena 012 - 27049 - 02 - 002 and hpl 012 - 41500 - 02 - 016 contract are not at meter 378 for march 2000 . i need for you to put the correct deal number for both contracts in path manager . we need the ena 202 contract as a delivery and the hpl 216 as a receipt . please get the deal in the system this morning and let me know what the deal numbers are and i will set up the arraignments and let you know what the track id ' s are . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: need your pills ? we have it scrawl mohawk redshank scabrous showroom monitory wattle want a prescription medication ? find it here ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now aurora dissipate downward sprinkle gaberones healthy capacious  
2	Subject: today ' s special : amazing penetrations no . 17 29264 get 12 free vhs or dvds ! click here for details ! we only have high quality porno movies to choose from ! " this is a very special , limited time offer . " get up to 12 dvds absolutely free , with no commitment ! there ' s no better deal anywhere . there ' s no catches and no gimmicks . you only pay for the shipping , and the dvds are absolutely free ! take a peak at our full catalog ! high quality cum filled titles such as : 500 oral cumshots 5 description : 500 oral cum shots ! i need hot jiz on my face ! will you cum in my mouth ? dozens of dirty hardcore titles such as : amazing penetrations no . 17 description : 4 full hours of amazing penetrations with some of the most beautiful women in porn ! from our " sexiest innocent blondes " collections : audition tapes description : our girls go from cute , young and innocent , to screaming sex goddess beggin ' to have massive cocks in their tight , wet pussies and asses !  
2	Subject: real vallum . . real xnax , . . . overnite to your door . . . best deals pig pen 51 bubble baths orvder bfrand namme rux prescridptisons from the coomfort of your home . vavliunm . . . xagnaxx . . . muach more . . . . brand nahme from the usa go _ hrere attentive gal lavatory dickinson zip bonnet bali stuyvesant catalyst china headstand hostess tower bachelor durkee cupric bondholder shade zombie casserole insult andover dostoevsky turbofan hydrophobia est claret belate latitude kipling syringe curve tap cornelius twin ghostly northeast suffocate repairmen contestant assume blythe aftereffect kite richter cute reinstate lyricism gyp asuncion catawba otherwise advent fluke descent nml stalwart forthcome mccauley guess anneal numinous sweetish exemplar aspen gunshot prokaryote pluggable abeyance astute baroness built fledge bedazzle kittle vend hopscotch penetrate kinshasha slid cambridge tdy 4 effluviabilge  
2	Subject: heyyy , hello it ' s me morgan . . . alone at home and no husband my profile is online , you can come and chat with me . . . if you like my sexy profile , we can meet up for a cup of coffee or maybe more ztop it ! http : / / www . hotladiestodate . com / emms / preference / control . php  
2	Subject: re : ibsgeju , he began looking free cable % rnd _ syb tv scherzo apologetic mulch polyhymnia fleeing spurious statutory masonry residue alone gibson nicotine smooch startle appertain stealth dessert cutler befoul thorstein upon luxurious transact cartoon comparative legume apocalypse disciple import visceral budget compass web wordy martini mcnulty pinkish uganda colleague glued ebony fresnel senorita treasury precocity vital bowie tranquillity band citywide traversable stirling brushfire collard compress colonel impoverish  
2	Subject: v . i . a . g . r . a - the cheappesst prices do you still feel the power ? feeling good is around the corner ! enhance your erections http : / / buychepmeds . com / ? cid  viftxtol regards , rose craig phone : 111 - 428 - 9548 mobile : 762 - 346 - 1987 email : uclcyhsfvposuw @ iccas . com n . v ^ r http : / / buychepmeds . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: free prescriptions online for a limited time only . online phramacy call center call us on : l 888 xanx now or visit : - http : / / qwild . com / ph / ndgs / thanks , zita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : paliourg to : zita sent : sun , 20 feb 2005 04 : 23 : 52 - 0800 subject : wholesale canadian pharmacy drugs opt - 0 ut : http : / / qwild . com / a . php where else would you get them ? - http : / / qwild . com / ph / ndgs / call me , zita  
2	Subject: fw : make money fast and legal ! as seen on tv ! 65000 $ + the ultimate way to work from home the best money making system of all ! ! as seen on national tv as seen on 20 / 20 and many other credible references . this is not a scam . i hope this is ok that i send you this . if you aren ' t interested , just simply delete it . read this message if you are like me and want more than your lousy weekly paycheck . make more in a few months than last year at work . believe it , work it . this really works , don ' t make the same mistake i made . i deleted this 4 - 5 times before finally giving it a try . within 2 weeks the orders ( money ) started coming in just like the plan below said it would . give it a try ! ! you will be glad you did . thanks and good luck ! you won ' t need luck , just keep reading . don ' t delete this ! ! ! first read about how a 15 year old made $ 71 , 000 . see below . . . . as seen on national tv : this is the media report . parents of 15 - year old - find $ 71 , 000 cash hidden in his closet ! does this headline look familiar ? of course it does . you most likely have just seen this story recently featured on a major nightly news program ( usa ) . and reported elsewhere in the world ( including my neck of the woods - new zealand ) . his mother was cleaning and putting laundry away when she came across a large brown paper bag that was suspiciously buried beneath some clothes and a skateboard in the back of her 15 - year - old sons closet . nothing could have prepared her for the shock she got when she opened the bag and found it was full of cash . five - dollar bills , twenties , fifties and hundreds - all neatly rubber - banded in labeled piles . " my first thought was that he had robbed a bank " , says the 41 - year - old woman , " there was over $ 71 , 000 dollars in that bag - - that ' s more than my husband earns in a year " . the woman immediately called her husband at the car - dealership where he worked to tell him what she had discovered . he came home right away and they drove together to the boys school and picked him up . little did they suspect that where the money came from was more shocking than actually finding it in the closet . as it turns out , the boy had been sending out , via e - mail , a type of " report " to e - mail addresses that he obtained off the internet . everyday after school for the past 2 months , he had been doing this right on his computer in his bedroom . " i just got the e - mail one day and i figured what the heck , i put my name on it like the instructions said and i started sending it out " , says the clever 15 - year - old . the e - mail letter listed 5 addresses and contained instructions to send one $ 5 dollar bill to each person on the list , then delete the address at the top and move the others addresses down , and finally to add your name to the top of the list . the letter goes on to state that you would receive several thousand dollars in five - dollar bills within 2 weeks if you sent out the letter with your name at the top of the 5 - address list . " i get junk e - mail all the time , and really did not think it was going to work " , the boy continues . within the first few days of sending out the e - mail , the post office box that his parents had gotten him for his video - game magazine subscriptions began to fill up with not magazines , but envelopes containing $ 5 bills . " about a week later i rode [ my bike ] down to the post office and my box had 1 magazine and about 300 envelops stuffed in it . there was also a yellow slip that said i had to go up to the [ post office ] counter . i thought i was in trouble or something ( laughs ) " . he goes on , " i went up to the counter and they had a whole box of more mail for me . i had to ride back home and empty out my backpack because i could not carry it all " . over the next few weeks , the boy continued sending out the e - mail . " the money just kept coming in and i just kept sorting it and stashing it in the closet , barely had time for my homework " . he had also been riding his bike to several of the banks in his area and exchanging the $ 5 bills for twenties , fifties and hundreds . " i didn ' t want the banks to get suspicious so i kept riding to different banks with like five thousand at a time in my backpack . i would usually tell the lady at the bank counter that my dad had sent me in to exchange the money and he was outside waiting for me . one time the lady gave me a really strange look and told me that she would not be able to do it for me and my dad would have to come in and do it , but i just rode to the next bank down the street ( laughs ) . " surprisingly , the boy did not have any reason to be afraid . the reporting news team examined and investigated the so - called " chain - letter " the boy was sending out and found that it was not a chain - letter at all . in fact , it was completely legal according to us postal and lottery laws , title 18 , section 1302 and 1341 , or title 18 , section 3005 in the us code , also in the code of federal regulations , volume 16 , sections 255 and 436 , which state a product or service must be exchanged for money received . every five - dollar bill that he received contained a little note that read , " please send me report number xyx " . this simple note made the letter legal because he was exchanging a service ( a report on how - to ) for a five - dollar fee . [ this is the end of the media release . if you would like to understand how the system works and get your $ 71 , 000 - please continue reading . what appears below is what the 15 year old was sending out on the net - you can use it too - just follow the simple instructions ] . thanks to the computer age and the internet ! you will make over half million dollars every 4 to 5 months from your home ! ! before you say ' ' bull ' ' , please read the following . this is the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program described below , to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal . their findings proved once and for all that there are ' ' absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program and if people can - follow the simple instructions , they are bound to make some mega bucks with only $ 25 out of pocket cost ' ' . due to the recent increase of popularity & respect this program has attained , it is currently working better than ever . this is what one had to say : ' ' thanks to this profitable opportunity . i was approached many times before but each time i passed on it . i am so glad i finally joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money required . to my astonishment , i received total $ 610 , 470 . 00 in 21 weeks , with money still coming in ' ' . pam hedland , fort lee , new jersey .        here is another testimonial : ' ' ' this program has been around for a long time but i never believed in it . but one day when i received this again in the mail i decided to gamble my $ 25 on it . i followed the simple instructions and wallaa . . . . . 3 weeks later the money started to come in . first month i only made $ 240 . 00 but the next 2 months after that made a total of $ 290 , 000 . 00 . so far , in the past 8 months by re - entering the program , i have made over $ 710 , 000 . 00 and i am playing it again . the key to success in this program is to follow the simple steps and not change anything . ' ' more testimonials later but first :      print this now for your future reference         $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ if you would like to make at least $ 500 , 000 every 4 to 5 months easily and comfortably , please read the following . . . then read it again and again ! ! ! $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow the simple instruction below and your financial dreams will come true , guaranteed ! instructions :                 order all 5 reports shown on the list below                  for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems .    when you place your order , make sure you order each of the 5 reports . you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them . your total cost $ 5 x 5  $ 25 . 00 . within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case something happens to your computer . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report , or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in step ' ' 1 through 6 ' ' or you will loose out on majority of your profits . once you understand the way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you change it . remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter , it will not work ! ! ! people have tried to put their friends / relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the money . but it does not work this way . believe us , we all have tried to be greedy and then nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! ! 1 . . . . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their fortune . 2 . . . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 . 3 . . . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 . 4 . . . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 . 5 . . . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2 6 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name & address accurately !        * * * * take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do not make any other changes . save this on a disk as well just in case you loose any data . to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods to get this venture going : method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally        let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receive only a 0 . 2 % response ( the response could be much better but lets just say it is only 0 . 2 % . also many people will send out hundreds of thousands e - mails instead of only 5 , 000 each ) . continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that ' s  100 people responded and ordered report # 2 . those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 . those 1000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 5 million e - mails sent out . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 10 , 000 orders for report ! # 4 . whose 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each  $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half million ) . your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . . $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . . . . . . grand total  $ 555 , 550 . 00 numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out the worst possibleresponses and no matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money !        remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of 5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? there are over 150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting . believe me , many people will do just that , and more ! method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet        advertising on the net is very very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . we strongly suggest you start with method # land add method # 2 as you go along . for every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it . always provide same day service on all orders . this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out , with your name and address on it , will be prompt because they can not advertise until they receive the report .                    available reports                           order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper , write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail address and your name and postal address . place your order for these reports now :        report # 1 " the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net " order report # 1 from : k . palludan 9550 summersweet ct . las vegas , nevada 89123 usa _ _ _ _ _ _ report # 2 " ' the insider ' s guide to sending bulk e - mail on the net ' order report # 2 from : kris estes 3055 casey drive # 203 las vegas , nevada 89120 _ _ _ _ _ _ report # 3 " ' secret to multilevel marketing on the net " order report # 3 from : p . clement 601 st - malo est ile bizard , quebec h 9 c 2 p 2 canada _ _ _ _ _ _ report # 4 " ' how to become a millionaire utilizing mlm and the net " order report # 4 from : david carpenter 13 dutch lane hazlet , new jersey 07732 usa _ _ _ _ _ report # 5 " ' how to send out one million e - mails for free " order report # 5 from : s . lasley 4230 edgewood circle idaho falls , idaho 83406 usa _ _ _ _ _ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :    if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending e - mails until you do .    after you have received 10 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do .    once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of e - mails and start the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you can generate from this business ! ! !        following is a note from the originator of this program : you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life , with no risk and just a little bit of effort . you can make more money in the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . . . . . . . # 5 as instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on every one of them . remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers ! you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to you now !                       more testimonials                       ' ' my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i grumbled to jody about receiving ' ' junk mail ' ' . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' ' knew ' ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' ' i told you so ' ' on her when the thing didn ' t work . well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the next 45 days she had received total $ 147 , 200 . 00 . . . . . . . . . . . all cash ! i was shocked . ! i have joined jody in her ' ' hobby ' ' . mitchell wolf m . d . , chicago , illinois        ' ' not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i decided that the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back ' ' . ' ' i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed with orders . i made $ 319 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks . the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big ' ' . dan sondstrom , alberta , canada        ' ' i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact ! to get another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came again . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made more than $ 490 , 000 on my first try and all the money came within 22 weeks ' ' . susan de suza , new york , n . y .       ' ' it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money with little cost to you . i followed the simple instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started to come in . my first month i made $ 20 , 560 . 00 and by the end of third month my total cash count was $ 362 , 840 . 00 . life is beautiful , thanx to internet ' ' . fred dellaca , westport , new zealand        order your reports today and get started on your road to financial freedom !        if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office of associate director for marketing practices , federal trade commission , bureau of consumer protection , washington , d . c .        there is no need to respond to this e - mail if you do not wish to receive further correspondence . this is a onetime e - mail . good luck ! 
2	Subject: restricted stock louise , i never thanked you for looking out for our interests re restricted stock . so , thank - you . i ' ve really enjoyed working with you this year . have a great christmas if i dont get to talk to you . regards rob 
2	Subject: hello brother - are you fat brother , this is a good anti - weight solution v . 1 ' a , g . r , a loo m ' g 20 pi | | s 98 . 0 o c , 1 * a * l * 1 ' s 2 o m * g 10 p | | ls 82 . 00 v . i , o , x . x 25 m ' g 3 o pllis 62 . oo more info : http : / / maser . pharmfarm . biz / ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! you are blacklisted juanita kirby cutler celtek bioscience , llc , nashville , tn 37210 , united states of america phone : 818 - 711 - 4417 mobile : 719 - 417 - 8214 email : riyvikcenftx @ c 4 . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this product is a 84 month trial package notes : the contents of this message is for understanding and should not be kerchief purposive bernadine voluble chambers time : thu , 09 dec 2004 02 : 41 : 38 + 0200  
2	Subject: we are the best adam i can ' t believe this incrediible priicess . . pain relief ( from $ 99 ) ( viicodin , hydrocodoone , valliium ) men ' s pillls ( from $ 140 ) ( viiagra , leviitra ) weight losss ( from $ 140 ) ( phentermiine , xeniical ) you can ' t find this offers available anywhere . visit us today ! http : / / expedited 2 u . biz / 2 / ? wid  200007 noo moree emailsss from us . . .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012109 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013024 . txt 
2	Subject: no more doctors visits . stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / www . inc - cheap . com / z / 
2	Subject: benchmarking questionnaires david , i am sending you the questions submitted by petronas for our meeting on feb 8 . are you going to invite additional rac people to the meeting ( bill bradford would be helpful with credit questions , bjorn may be interested as well ) . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001 09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 22 / 2001 09 : 34 : 16 pm please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com cc : azminab @ petronas . com . my subject : benchmarking questionnaires vince , attached are two sets of benchmarking questionnaires for your kind perusal . regards , khairuddin ( see attached file : q _ bench _ rms . doc ) ( see attached file : feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc ) disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( " message " ) is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission , dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of the companies within the group . ( embedded image moved to file : pic 24962 . pcx ) - q _ bench _ rms . doc - feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc - pic 24962 . pcx 
